<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-032276.txt : 20250404
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-032276.hdr.sgml : 20250404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250404172213
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-032276
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250403
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250404

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000915912
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				770404318
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12672
		FILM NUMBER:		25815833

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4040 WILSON BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		STE 1000
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7033296300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4040 WILSON BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		STE 1000
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AVALON BAY COMMUNITIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BAY APARTMENT COMMUNITIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19931208
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2511411d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000091591200009159122025-04-032025-04-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): 
April 3, 2025

AVALONBAY
COMMUNITIES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Maryland

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation
or organization) 

1-12672

(Commission File Number) 

77-0404318

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

4040 Wilson Blvd., Suite 1000,

Arlington, Virginia22203

(Address of principal executive offices)(Zip
code)

(703)
329-6300

(Registrants telephone number,
including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which
registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share AVB New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or
Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Revolving Credit Facility

On April 3, 2025, AvalonBay
Communities, Inc. (the Company) entered into a $2,500,000,000 Seventh Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement
(the Revolving Credit Facility) with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, an issuing bank and a bank, JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A., as an issuing bank, a bank and a syndication agent, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as an issuing bank, a bank and a syndication
agent, the co-documentation agents named therein, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers, and the other bank parties signatory thereto. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on April 3, 2030. The Company paid customary arrangement and upfront fees to the lenders in connection
with the closing of the Revolving Credit Facility. This new facility replaces the Companys prior $2.25 billion credit facility
dated as of September 27, 2022, which would have matured on September 25, 2026. As of April 3, 2025, there were no borrowings outstanding
under the Revolving Credit Facility.

Under the terms of the Revolving
Credit Facility, the Company may elect to increase the facility by up to an additional $500 million, to an aggregate size of $3.0 billion,
provided that one or more banks (from the syndicate or otherwise) voluntarily agree to provide the additional commitment. No member of
the syndicate of banks can prohibit such increase; such an increase in the facility will only be effective to the extent banks (from the
syndicate or otherwise) choose to commit to lend additional funds. 

The Revolving Credit
Facility bears interest at varying levels based on (1) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) applicable to
the period of borrowing for a particular draw of funds from the facility (e.g., one month to maturity, three months to
maturity, etc.), which rate is recalculated at the end of each such period if the revolving loan remains outstanding and
(2) the rating levels issued for the Companys unsecured and unsubordinated long-term indebtedness. The stated spread
over SOFR can vary from SOFR plus 0.65% to SOFR plus 1.40% based upon the rating of the Companys unsecured and unsubordinated
long-term indebtedness. The current borrowing spread to SOFR under the Revolving Credit Facility is 0.725% per annum.

The Company is subject to
certain customary covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility, including, but not limited to, maintaining certain leverage and coverage
ratios such as total outstanding indebtedness to capitalization value, combined EBITDA to combined debt service, secured indebtedness
to capitalization value and unsecured indebtedness to unencumbered asset value.

The foregoing description
of the Revolving Credit Facility does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Seventh Amended
and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1.

Term Loan Credit Facility

In addition, on
April 3, 2025, the Company entered into a $450,000,000 Term Loan Agreement (the Term Loan Credit Facility) with
Truist Bank, as administrative agent and a bank, TD Bank, N.A., as a bank and a syndication agent, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as a bank
and a syndication agent, Truist Securities, Inc., TD Bank, N.A., and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as joint bookrunners and joint
lead arrangers, and the other bank parties signatory thereto. The Term Loan Credit Facility matures on April 3, 2029, and term loans
are available to be borrowed until October 3, 2025. Term loans under the Term Loan Credit Facility can be repaid without premium or
penalty but cannot be re-borrowed once repaid. The Company paid customary arrangement and upfront fees to the lenders in connection
with the closing of the Term Loan Credit Facility. As of April 3, 2025, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Term Loan
Credit Facility.

Under the terms of the Term
Loan Credit Facility, the Company may elect to increase the facility by up to an additional $100 million, to an aggregate size of $550
million, provided that one or more banks (from the syndicate or otherwise) voluntarily agree to provide the additional commitment. No
member of the syndicate of banks can prohibit such increase; such an increase in the facility will only be effective to the extent banks
(from the syndicate or otherwise) choose to commit to lend additional funds. 

The Term Loan Credit
Facility bears interest at varying levels based on (1) the SOFR applicable to the period of borrowing for a particular draw of
funds from the facility (e.g., one month to maturity, three months to maturity, etc.), which rate is recalculated at the end of
each such period if the term loan remains outstanding and (2) the rating levels issued for our unsecured and unsubordinated
long-term indebtedness. The stated spread over SOFR can vary from SOFR plus 0.70% to SOFR plus 1.60% based upon the rating of the
Companys unsecured and unsubordinated long-term indebtedness. The current borrowing spread to SOFR under the Term Loan Credit
Facility is 0.80% per annum. The Company has entered into floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps to fix the interest rate for the
full amount of the Term Loan Credit Facility. Including the impact of these swaps and estimated transaction costs, and
assuming that the Term Loan Credit Facility will be fully drawn from May 30, 2025 until maturity, the effective interest rate on borrowings under the Term Loan Credit Facility would
be 4.47%.

The Company is subject to
certain customary covenants under the Term Loan Credit Facility consistent with those set forth in the Revolving Credit Facility, including,
but not limited to, maintaining certain leverage and coverage ratios such as total outstanding indebtedness to capitalization value, combined
EBITDA to combined debt service, secured indebtedness to capitalization value and unsecured indebtedness to unencumbered asset value.

The foregoing description of the Term Loan Credit
Facility does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Term Loan Agreement, attached hereto as
Exhibit 10.2.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an
Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth
under Item 1.01 of this report is incorporated herein by reference.

On April 3, 2025, the
Company increased the amount of short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes that it may issue under its commercial paper program (the
Commercial Paper Program) from $500.0 million to $1.0 billion.

As of the date of this Current
Report on Form 8-K, five commercial paper dealers each act as a dealer under the Commercial Paper Program. The Commercial Paper Program
is backstopped by the Companys commitment to maintain available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility in an amount
equal to actual borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program. The notes offered under the Commercial Paper Program have
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or state securities laws, and may not be offered
or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. The notes are sold under customary
market terms in the U.S. commercial paper market and bear interest at rates that vary based upon market conditions at the time of issuance.
The maturities of the notes vary, but may not exceed 364 days from the date of issuance.

The information contained
in this Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the notes under the Commercial
Paper Program.

Forward-Looking Statements

This report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, including the effective interest rate on borrowings under the Term Loan Credit Facility and the Companys ability to
complete the issuance and sale of notes that it may issue under the Commercial Paper Program. We intend such forward-looking statements
to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of the words such as believe, expect,
anticipate, intend, estimate, assume, project, plan, 
may, shall, will, pursue and other similar expressions that indicate future
events and trends and do not report historical matters. These forward-looking statements are based on the Companys expectations,
forecasts and assumptions at the time of this report, which may not be realized and involve risks and uncertainties that cannot be predicted
accurately or that might not be anticipated. These could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by
the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that might cause such differences include, among others, those related
trends affecting the Companys financial condition or results of operations. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive
and should be read in conjunction with the factors that are discussed in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 under the headings Risk
Factors and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Forward-Looking Statements
and in subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The Company does not undertake a duty to update forward-looking statements
contained in this report.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Seventh Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2025. 

10.2 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC.

By: /s/ Kevin P. OShea

Kevin P. OShea

Chief Financial Officer

Date: April 4, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2511411d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

DEAL CUSIP #05348JAN8

REVOLVER CUSIP #05348JAP3

SEVENTH AMENDED AND RESTATED

REVOLVING LOAN AGREEMENT

dated as of April 3, 2025

among

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC.,

as Borrower,

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent, an Issuing Bank and a Bank

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and WELLS FARGO BANK,
N.A.

as Issuing Banks, Banks and Syndication Agents,

BARCLAYS
BANK PLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.,

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, Morgan Stanley senior funding, inc.

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and TRUIST BANK,

as Documentation Agents,

THE
BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, BNP PARIBAS,

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., REGIONS BANK, ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, 

TD BANK, N.A., and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Senior Managing Agents,

THE OTHER BANKS SIGNATORY HERETO,

each as a Bank,

and

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., BOFA SECURITIES, INC.,
and

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC,

as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers,

Table
of Contents

Page

Article I DEFINITIONS;
ETC. 1

Section 1.01 Definitions 1

Section 1.02 Accounting Terms 28

Section 1.03 Computation of Time Periods 28

Section 1.04 Rules of Construction 28

Section 1.05 Interest Rates 28

Section 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts 29

Section 1.07 Times of Day 29

Section 1.08 Rounding 29

Article II THE LOANS 29

Section 2.01 Ratable Loans; Bid Rate Loans; Purpose 29

Section 2.02 Bid Rate Loans 30

Section 2.03 Advances, Generally 34

Section 2.04 Procedures for Advances 34

Section 2.05 Interest Periods; Renewals 35

Section 2.06 Interest 36

Section 2.07 Fees 37

Section 2.08 Notes 37

Section 2.09 Prepayments 38

Section 2.10 Cancellation of Commitments 38

Section 2.11 Method of Payment 38

Section 2.12 Elections, Conversions or Continuation of Loans 39

Section 2.13 Minimum Amounts 39

Section 2.14 Certain Notices Regarding Elections, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 39

Section 2.15 Late Payment Premium 40

Section 2.16 Letters of Credit 40

Section 2.17 [Reserved] 49

Section 2.18 [Reserved] 49

Section 2.19 Additional Loan Commitments 49

Section 2.20 Defaulting Lenders 51

i 

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Page

Section 2.21 Sustainability Adjustments Amendment 53

Article III YIELD PROTECTION; ILLEGALITY, ETC. 55

Section 3.01 Additional Costs 55

Section 3.02 Inability to Determine Rates 56

Section 3.03 Illegality 58

Section 3.04 Treatment of Affected Loans 59

Section 3.05 Certain Compensation 59

Section 3.06 Capital or Liquidity Adequacy 60

Section 3.07 Substitution of Banks 60

Section 3.08 Applicability 61

Section 3.09 Time for Notices 61

Section 3.10 Taxes 62

Section 3.11 Designation of a Different Lending Office 65

Article IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 66

Section 4.01 Conditions Precedent to the Closing Date 66

Section 4.02 Conditions Precedent to Each Advance 68

Section 4.03 Deemed Representations 68

Article V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 68

Section 5.01 Due Organization 68

Section 5.02 Power and Authority; No Conflicts; Compliance With Laws 69

Section 5.03 Legally Enforceable Agreements 69

Section 5.04 Litigation 69

Section 5.05 Good Title to Properties 69

Section 5.06 Taxes 69

Section 5.07 ERISA 70

Section 5.08 No Default on Outstanding Judgments or Orders, Etc. 70

Section 5.09 No Defaults on Other Agreements 70

Section 5.10 Government Regulation 70

Section 5.11 Environmental Protection 70

Section 5.12 Solvency 71

ii 

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Page

Section 5.13 Financial Statements 71

Section 5.14 Valid Existence of Consolidated Subsidiaries 71

Section 5.15 Insurance 71

Section 5.16 Accuracy of Information; Full Disclosure 71

Section 5.17 OFAC 72

Section 5.18 Anti-Corruption Laws 72

Section 5.19 Affected Financial Institution 72

Section 5.20 Covered Entities 72

Section 5.21 Outbound Investment Rules 72

Article VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 73

Section 6.01 Maintenance of Existence 73

Section 6.02 Maintenance of Records 73

Section 6.03 Maintenance of Insurance 73

Section 6.04 Compliance with Laws; Payment of Taxes 73

Section 6.05 Right of Inspection 73

Section 6.06 Compliance With Environmental Laws 73

Section 6.07 Maintenance of Properties 73

Section 6.08 Payment of Costs 73

Section 6.09 Reporting and Miscellaneous Document Requirements 73

Section 6.10 Principal Prepayments as a Result of Reduction in Total Loan Commitment 76

Section 6.11 Anti-Corruption Laws 76

Article VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 77

Section 7.01 Mergers Etc. 77

Section 7.02 [Reserved] 77

Section 7.03 Sale of Assets 77

Section 7.04 Distributions 77

Section 7.05 Sanctions 77

Section 7.06 Anti-Corruption Laws 77

Section 7.07 Outbound Investment Rules 78

iii 

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Page

Article VIII FINANCIAL COVENANTS 78

Section 8.01 Relationship of Total Outstanding Indebtedness to Capitalization Value 78

Section 8.02 Relationship of Combined EBITDA to Combined Debt Service 78

Section 8.03 Ratio of Unsecured Indebtedness to Unencumbered Asset Value 78

Section 8.04 Relationship of Secured Indebtedness to Capitalization Value 78

Article IX EVENTS OF DEFAULT 79

Section 9.01 Events of Default 79

Section 9.02 Remedies 82

Section 9.03 Application of Funds 82

Article X ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT; RELATIONS AMONG BANKS 83

Section 10.01 Appointment, Powers and Immunities of Administrative Agent 83

Section 10.02 Reliance by Administrative Agent 85

Section 10.03 Defaults 85

Section 10.04 Rights of Administrative Agent as a Bank 85

Section 10.05 Indemnification of Administrative Agent 86

Section 10.06 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Banks 86

Section 10.07 Failure of Administrative Agent to Act 87

Section 10.08 Resignation or Removal of Administrative Agent 87

Section 10.09 Amendments Concerning Agency Function 89

Section 10.10 Liability of Administrative Agent 89

Section 10.11 Transfer of Agency Function 89

Section 10.12 Non-Receipt of Funds by Administrative Agent 89

Section 10.13 [Reserved] 90

Section 10.14 [Reserved] 90

Section 10.15 Pro Rata Treatment 90

Section 10.16 Sharing of Payments Among Banks 90

Section 10.17 Possession of Documents 91

Section 10.18 No Other Duties, Etc. 91

Section 10.19 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 91

iv 

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Page

Section 10.20 Certain ERISA Matters 92

Section 10.21 Recovery of Erroneous Payments 93

Article XI NATURE OF OBLIGATIONS 93

Section 11.01 Absolute and Unconditional Obligations 93

Section 11.02 Non-Recourse to Borrowers Principals 94

Article XII MISCELLANEOUS 94

Section 12.01 Binding Effect of Request for Advance 94

Section 12.02 Amendments and Waivers 95

Section 12.03 Usury 96

Section 12.04 Expenses; Indemnification; Limitation of Liability 96

Section 12.05 Assignment; Participation 97

Section 12.06 Documentation Satisfactory 101

Section 12.07 Notices 101

Section 12.08 Setoff 103

Section 12.09 Table of Contents; Headings 104

Section 12.10 Severability 104

Section 12.11 Counterparts 104

Section 12.12 Integration 104

Section 12.13 Governing Law 104

Section 12.14 Waivers 104

Section 12.15 Jurisdiction; Immunities 105

Section 12.16 Designated Lender 106

Section 12.17 No Bankruptcy Proceedings 106

Section 12.18 USA Patriot Act, Etc. 106

Section 12.19 Transitional Arrangements 107

Section 12.20 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 107

Section 12.21 Survival of Representations and Warranties 108

Section 12.22 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 109

Section 12.23 Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts 109

Section 12.24 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 110

v 

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Page

Section 12.25 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 111

Section 12.26 UPREIT Reorganization 112

vi 

EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT A - Authorization Letter

EXHIBIT B - Ratable Loan Note

EXHIBIT B-1 - Bid Rate Loan Note

EXHIBIT C - [Reserved]

EXHIBIT D - Solvency Certificate

EXHIBIT E - Assignment and Acceptance

EXHIBIT F - Designation Agreement

EXHIBIT G-1 - Bid Rate Quote Request

EXHIBIT G-2 - Invitation for Bid Rate Quotes

EXHIBIT G-3 - Bid Rate Quote

EXHIBIT G-4 - Borrowers Acceptance of Bid Rate Quote

EXHIBIT H - Acceptance Letter

EXHIBIT I - Form of Guaranty

EXHIBIT J-1 - Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT J-2 - Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT J-3 - Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT J-4 - Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT K - Ratable Loan Notice

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 - Loan Commitments; Issuing Bank Commitment Amounts

SCHEDULE 2.16 - Existing Letters of Credit

vii 

SEVENTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
REVOLVING LOAN AGREEMENT dated as of April 3, 2025 (this Agreement) among AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC.,
a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Maryland (Borrower); JPMORGAN CHASE BANK,
N.A. (JPMC), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. or any successor thereto (in its individual capacity and not as Administrative
Agent, Bank of America), WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A. (WFB), and the other lenders signatory
hereto, as Banks; and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as administrative agent for the Banks (in such capacity, together with its successors in
such capacity, Administrative Agent; JPMC, Bank of America, WFB, the other lenders signatory hereto, such
other lenders who from time to time become Banks pursuant to Section 2.19, 3.07 or 12.05 and, if applicable, any of the foregoing
lenders Designated Lender, each a Bank and collectively, the Banks).

Borrower, JPMC, WFB, Bank
of America, certain of the Banks and the Administrative Agent entered into that certain Sixth Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement,
dated as of September 27, 2022 (the 2022 Credit Agreement) and now desire to amend and restate the 2022
Credit Agreement in its entirety in accordance with the terms and provisions contained herein. Accordingly, in consideration of the premises
and the mutual agreements, covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth, Borrower, Administrative Agent and each of the Banks agree
as follows:

Article I

DEFINITIONS;
ETC.

Section 1.01 Definitions.
As used in this Agreement the following terms have the following meanings:

2022 Credit Agreement
has the meaning specified in the recitals.

Absolute Bid Rate
has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(c)(2)(iv).

Absolute Bid Rate Loan
means a Bid Rate Loan bearing interest at the Absolute Bid Rate.

Absolute Rate Auction
means a solicitation of Bid Rate Quotes setting forth Absolute Bid Rates pursuant to Section 2.02.

Acceptance Letter
has the meaning specified in Section 2.19.

Accordion Amount means,
at any time, $500,000,000.

Acquisition means
the acquisition by Borrower, directly or indirectly, of an interest in multi-family real estate.

Acquisition Asset
means any improved real property asset that has been owned by any of the Borrower, its Consolidated Businesses or any UJV for fewer than
eighteen (18) months, unless the Borrower has made a one-time election (by written notice to the Administrative Agent) to no longer treat
such asset as an Acquisition Asset for purposes of this Agreement.

Additional Costs has
the meaning specified in Section 3.01.

Administrative Agent
has the meaning specified in the preamble.

Administrative Agents Office
means Administrative Agents address located at Global Banking Operations - Agency Management, Mail code: CA5-705-11-03, 555 California
Street, 11th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104 or such other address in the United States as Administrative Agent may designate
by written notice to Borrower and the Banks.

Administrative Questionnaire
means an administrative questionnaire in a form approved by the Administrative Agent.

Affected Bank has
the meaning specified in Section 3.07.

Affected Financial Institution
means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affected Loan has
the meaning specified in Section 3.04.

Affiliate means, with
respect to any Person (the first Person), any other Person (1) which directly or indirectly controls, or is controlled
by, or is under common control with the first Person; or (2) 10% or more of the beneficial interest in which is directly or indirectly
owned or held by the first Person. The term control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power, alone, to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract,
or otherwise.

Agent Parties has
the meaning specified in Section 12.07(c).

Agreement has the
meaning specified in the preamble.

Applicable Lending Office
means, for each Bank and for its SOFR Loan, Bid Rate Loan(s) or Base Rate Loan, as applicable, the lending office of such Bank (or
of an Affiliate of such Bank) designated as such on its signature page hereof or in the applicable Assignment and Acceptance, or
such other office of such Bank (or of an Affiliate of such Bank) as such Bank may from time to time specify to Administrative Agent and
Borrower as the office by which its SOFR Loan, Bid Rate Loan(s) or Base Rate Loan, as applicable, is to be made and maintained.

-2-

Applicable Margin
means, with respect to Base Rate Loans and SOFR Loans (and for purposes of determining the Banks L/C Fee Rate under Section 2.16(f)),
the respective rates per annum determined at any time, based on the range into which Borrowers Credit Rating then falls, in accordance
with the following table (any change in Borrowers Credit Rating causing it to move to a different range on the table shall effect
an immediate change in the Applicable Margin) and subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 2.21(d):

Range of Borrowers Credit

Rating (S&P/Moodys or other

agency equivalent) Applicable Margin for

Base Rate Loans

(% per annum) Applicable Margin

for SOFR Loans

(% per annum)

A+/A1 or higher 0.00 0.65

A/A2 0.00 0.70

A-/A3 0.00 0.725

BBB+/Baa1 0.00 0.775

BBB/Baa2 0.00 0.85

BBB-/Baa3 0.05 1.05

Below
BBB- or unrated/ 

Below Baa3 or unrated 0.40 1.40

Approved Fund has
the meaning specified in Section 12.05.

Assignee has the meaning
specified in Section 12.05.

Assignment and Acceptance
means an Assignment and Acceptance, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT E, or any other form (including electronic documentation
generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent pursuant to which a Bank assigns and an Assignee assumes
rights and obligations in accordance with Section 12.05.

Assumption Date has
the meaning specified in Section 12.26.

Assumption Transaction
has the meaning specified in Section 12.26.

Authorization Letter
means a letter agreement executed by Borrower in the form of EXHIBIT A.

Auto-Extension Letter of Credit
has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(d).

Available Total Loan Commitment
has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b).

Bail-In Action means
the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected
Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation
means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament
and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time
to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the
United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom
relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than
through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

Bank and Banks
have the respective meanings specified in the preamble and, unless the context requires otherwise, includes each Issuing Bank; provided,
however, that the term Bank shall exclude each Designated Lender when used in reference to a Ratable Loan, the Loan Commitments
or terms relating to the Ratable Loans and the Loan Commitments.

Bank of America has
the meaning specified in the preamble.

-3-

Bank Parties means
Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Banks.

Bank Reply Period
has the meaning specified in Section 12.02.

Banks L/C Fee Rate
has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(f).

Banking
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under
the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agents Office is located.

Base
Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus
1/2 of 1%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime
rate, (c) Term SOFR plus 1.00% and (d) 1.00%. The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon
various factors including Bank of Americas costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used
as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate
announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change.
If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.02 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the
greater of clauses (a), (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above.

Base Rate Loan means
all or any portion (as the context requires) of a Banks Ratable Loan which shall accrue interest at a rate determined in relation
to the Base Rate.

Beneficial Ownership Certification
means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership Regulation
means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Benefit Plan means
any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan
as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42)
or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan
or plan.

Bid Borrowing Limit
means sixty-five percent (65%) of the Total Loan Commitment.

Bid Rate Loan has
the meaning specified in Section 2.01(c).

Bid Rate Loan Note
has the meaning specified in Section 2.08.

Bid Rate Quote means
an offer by a Bank to make a Bid Rate Loan in accordance with Section 2.02.

Bid Rate Quote Request
has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a).

Borrower has the meaning
specified in the preamble.

Borrower Material
has the meaning in Section 6.09.

-4-

Borrowers Accountants
means Ernst & Young, or such other accounting firm(s) of nationally-recognized standing selected by Borrower and reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

Borrowers Credit Rating
means the rating assigned from time to time to Borrowers unsecured and unsubordinated long-term indebtedness by, respectively,
S&P, Moodys and/or one or more other nationally-recognized rating agencies reasonably approved by Administrative Agent. If
such a rating is assigned by only one (1) such rating agency, it must be either S&P or Moodys. If such a rating is assigned
by two (2) such rating agencies, at least one (1) must be S&P or Moodys, and Borrowers Credit Rating
shall be the higher of said ratings, except if the aforesaid ratings are greater than one (1) rating level apart, in which case Borrowers
Credit Rating shall be the rating one level below the higher rating. If such a rating is obtained from more than two (2) such
rating agencies, Borrowers Credit Rating shall be the higher of the lowest two (2) ratings, if at least one
(1) of such two (2) is either S&P or Moodys; if neither of the two (2) lowest ratings is from S&P or Moodys,
then Borrowers Credit Rating shall be the lower of the ratings from S&P and Moodys. Unless such indebtedness
of Borrower is rated by either S&P or Moodys, Borrowers Credit Rating shall be considered unrated for
purposes of this Agreement.

Borrowers Principals
means the officers and directors of Borrower at any applicable time.

Borrowers Share of UJV Combined
Outstanding Indebtedness means the sum of the indebtedness of each of the UJVs contributing to UJV Combined Outstanding
Indebtedness multiplied by Borrowers respective beneficial fractional interests in each such UJV.

Capitalization Value
means, as of the end of any calendar quarter, the sum, without double-counting, of (1) Combined EBITDA attributable to Wholly-Owned
Assets (other than Acquisition Assets and Construction-in-Process) (less all leasing commissions and management and development fees,
net of any expenses applicable thereto, contributing to such Combined EBITDA) for the period of four quarters then ended, capitalized
at a rate of 5.75% per annum (i.e., divided by 5.75%), (2) Combined EBITDA attributable to Borrowers beneficial interest in
the UJVs (other than with respect to Acquisition Assets or Construction-in-Process) (less all leasing commissions and management and development
fees, net of any expenses applicable thereto, contributing to such Combined EBITDA) for the period of four quarters then ended, capitalized
at a rate of 5.75% per annum (i.e., divided by 5.75%), (3) such leasing commissions and management and development fees for such
period of four quarters as were subtracted from Combined EBITDA pursuant to clauses (1) and (2) above, capitalized at a rate
of 15% per annum (i.e., divided by 15%), (4) unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses,
as of the end of such quarter, as reflected in Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements; provided that no such unrestricted
Cash and Cash Equivalents will be added to Capitalization Value if such unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents have been deducted from
Total Outstanding Indebtedness or Secured Indebtedness in the calculation of the financial covenants in Section 8.01 or Section 8.04,
(5) the aggregate book value (on a cost basis) of land held for future development and Construction-in-Process of Borrower and its
Consolidated Businesses plus Borrowers beneficial interest in the book value (on a cost basis) of land held for future development
and Construction-in-Process of the UJVs (after taking into account any impairments recognized in Borrowers financial statements
in the immediately preceding fiscal quarter), (6) the aggregate book value (on a cost basis) of Acquisition Assets of Borrower and
its Consolidated Businesses plus Borrowers beneficial interest in the book value (on a cost basis) of Acquisition Assets of the
UJVs (after taking into account any impairments recognized in Borrowers financial statements in the immediately preceding fiscal
quarter), (7) the value (at the lower of cost or market in accordance with GAAP) of Performing Notes held by Borrower and its Consolidated
Businesses, (8) Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds, plus (9) without duplication of amounts included in items (2), (3), (6) and
(7) that are attributable to UJVs, the aggregate book value of the Borrowers and its Consolidated Businesses loans
to and investments in minority interests (including preferred equity investments) in other Persons (after taking into account any impairments
recognized in the Borrowers financial statements in the immediately preceding fiscal quarter) plus (10) the aggregate positive
amount of net cash proceeds that would be due to the Borrower from all Equity Forward Contracts that have not yet settled as of such date,
calculated as if such Equity Forward Contracts were settled by the Borrower delivery of its common shares as of, and such net cash proceeds
were actually received on, the last day of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter; provided that such calculation shall exclude
each Equity Forward Contract, if any, with respect to which either (a) the Borrower or the counterparty would not reasonably be expected,
for any reason, to be able to fulfill its obligations thereunder or (b) the Borrower no longer intends to issue shares sufficient
to realize such proceeds; provided that the sum of items (2), (5), (7) and (9) above shall not exceed 40% of Capitalization
Value.

-5-

Cash and Cash Equivalents
means (1) cash, (2) direct obligations of the United States Government, including, without limitation, treasury bills, notes
and bonds, (3) interest-bearing or discounted obligations of federal agencies and government-sponsored entities or pools of such
instruments offered by Approved Banks and dealers, including, without limitation, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation participation
sale certificates, Government National Mortgage Association modified pass through certificates, Federal National Mortgage Association
bonds and notes, and Federal Farm Credit System securities, (4) time deposits, domestic and eurodollar certificates of deposit, bankers
acceptances, commercial paper rated at least A-1 by S&P and P-1 by Moodys and/or guaranteed by an Aa rating by Moodys,
an AA rating by S&P or better rated credit, floating rate notes, other money market instruments and letters of credit each issued
by Approved Banks, (5) obligations of domestic corporations, including, without limitation, commercial paper, bonds, debentures and
loan participations, each of which is rated at least AA by S&P and/or Aa2 by Moodys and/or guaranteed by an Aa rating by Moodys,
an AA rating by S&P or better rated credit, (6) obligations issued by states and local governments or their agencies, rated at
least MIG-1 by Moodys and/or SP-1 by S&P and/or guaranteed by an irrevocable letter of credit of an Approved Bank, (7) repurchase
agreements with major banks and primary government security dealers fully secured by the United States Government or agency collateral
equal to or exceeding the principal amount on a daily basis and held in safekeeping and (8) real estate loan pool participations,
guaranteed by an AA rating given by S&P or an Aa2 rating given by Moodys or better rated credit. For purposes of this definition,
Approved Bank means a financial institution which has (x) (A) a minimum net worth of $500,000,000 and/or (B) total
assets of at least $10,000,000,000 and (y) a minimum long-term debt rating of A+ by S&P or A1 by Moodys.

Cash Collateral has
the meaning specified in Section 2.16(h); and Cash Collateralize shall mean to pledge and deposit Cash
Collateral with the Administrative Agent.

Closing Date means
the date this Agreement has been executed by all parties and becomes effective pursuant to Section 4.01.

CME means CME Group
Benchmark Administration Limited.

-6-

Code means the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Combined Debt Service
means, for any period of time, (1) Borrowers share of total debt service (including principal) paid or payable by Borrower
and its Consolidated Businesses during such period (other than (x) debt service on construction loans until completion of the relevant
construction and other capitalized interest and (y) the amortization of financing fees paid in a prior period) plus a deemed annual
capital expense charge of $150 per apartment unit owned by Borrower or its Consolidated Businesses plus (2) Borrowers beneficial
interest in total debt service (including principal) paid or payable by the UJVs during such period (other than (x) debt service
on construction loans until completion of the relevant construction and other capitalized interest and (y) the amortization of financing
fees paid in a prior period) plus a deemed annual capital expense charge of $150 per apartment unit owned by the UJVs plus (3) preferred
dividends and distributions paid or payable by Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses during such period plus (4) non-cash interest
expense with respect to convertible debt of the Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses during such period. For the avoidance of doubt,
Combined Debt Service shall not include (1) principal repayment at maturity of existing financings, (2) principal payments resulting
from refinancing, condemnation, hazard insurance or other loan payoffs, (3) imposition deposits, real estate taxes, insurance or
other lender-held escrow amounts, (4) swap settlements, or (5) prepayment penalties for prepayment of financings prior to maturity.

Combined EBITDA means,
for any period of time, the sum, without duplication, of (1) Borrowers share of revenues less operating expenses, general
and administrative expenses and property taxes before Interest Expense, income taxes, gains or losses on the sale of real estate and/or
marketable securities and depreciation and amortization for Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses, and adjusted to exclude gains and
losses from extraordinary or non-recurring items, extinguishment or forgiveness of debt, write-ups or write-downs, acquisition costs
for consummated acquisitions, non-cash revenue and non-cash expense attributable to straight lining of rents and (2) Borrowers
beneficial interest in revenues less operating expenses, general and administrative expenses and property taxes before Interest Expense,
income taxes, gains or losses on the sale of real estate and/or marketable securities and depreciation and amortization (after eliminating
appropriate intercompany amounts) applicable to each of the UJVs, and adjusted to exclude gains and losses from extraordinary or non-recurring
items, extinguishment or forgiveness of debt, write-ups or write-downs, acquisition costs for consummated acquisitions, non-cash revenue
and non-cash expense attributable to straight lining of rents, in all cases as reflected in Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements.

Communication means
this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, any amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement,
disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document.

Conforming Changes
means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR or any proposed Successor Rate, Daily SOFR,
or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate, Daily SOFR, SOFR,
Term SOFR and Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and
other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Banking Day
and U.S. Government Securities Business Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices
and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation
of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent
with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively
feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative
Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document).

-7-

Connection Income Taxes
means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch
profits Taxes.

Consolidated Business
means, individually, each Affiliate of Borrower who is or should be included in Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements in
accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Subsidiary
means, individually, each Subsidiary of Borrower who is or should be included in Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements in
accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Financial Statements
means, with respect to any Person, the consolidated balance sheet and related consolidated statement of operations, accumulated deficiency
in assets and cash flows, and footnotes thereto, of such Person, prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Outstanding Indebtedness
means, as of any time, Borrowers share of all indebtedness and liability for borrowed money, secured or unsecured, of Borrower
and its Consolidated Businesses, including mortgage and other notes payable but excluding any indebtedness which is margin indebtedness
on cash and cash equivalent securities, all as reflected in Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements.

Consolidated Tangible Net Worth
means, at any date, Borrowers share of the consolidated stockholders equity of Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses
less their consolidated Intangible Assets, all determined as of such date. For purposes of this definition, Intangible Assets
means with respect to any such intangible assets, the amount (to the extent reflected in determining such consolidated stockholders
equity) of (1) all write-ups (other than write-ups resulting from foreign currency translations and write-ups of assets of a going
concern business made within twelve (12) months after the acquisition of such business) subsequent to September 30, 1994 in the book
value of any asset (other than real property assets) owned by Borrower or a Consolidated Business and (2) all debt discount and expense,
deferred charges, goodwill, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, anticipated future benefit of tax loss carry-forwards, copyrights,
organization or developmental expenses and other intangible assets (in each case, not adjusted for depreciation).

Construction-in-Process
means a property on which construction of improvements (excluding non-revenue generating capital expenditures and excluding costs incurred
prior to construction, all as set forth in the Consolidated Financial Statements) has commenced and is proceeding to completion in the
ordinary course but has not yet been completed (as such completion shall be evidenced by a temporary or permanent certificate of occupancy
permitting use of the entirety of such property). Any such property shall be treated as Construction-in-Process until 24 months from the
date of completion (as evidenced by a certificate of occupancy or its equivalent permitting use of such property by the general public),
unless the Borrower has made a one-time election (by written notice to the Administrative Agent) to no longer treat such property as Construction-in-Process
for purposes of this Agreement.

-8-

Contingent Obligations
means, without duplication, Borrowers share of (1) any contingent obligations of Borrower or its Consolidated Businesses required
to be shown on the balance sheet of Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses in accordance with GAAP and (2) any obligation required
to be disclosed in the footnotes to Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements, guaranteeing partially or in whole any non-Recourse
Debt, lease, dividend or other obligation, exclusive of contractual indemnities (including, without limitation, any indemnity or price-adjustment
provision relating to the purchase or sale of securities or other assets) and guarantees of non-monetary obligations (other than guarantees
of completion) which have not yet been called on or quantified, of Borrower or any of its Consolidated Businesses or of any other Person.
The amount of any Contingent Obligation described in clause (2) shall be deemed to be (a) with respect to a guaranty of interest
or interest and principal, or operating income guaranty, the net present value (using the Base Rate as a discount rate) of the sum of
all payments required to be made thereunder (which in the case of an operating income guaranty shall be deemed to be equal to the debt
service for the note secured thereby), through (i) in the case of an interest or interest and principal guaranty, the stated date
of maturity of the obligation (and commencing on the date interest could first be payable thereunder) or (ii) in the case of an operating
income guaranty, the date through which such guaranty will remain in effect and (b) with respect to all guarantees not covered by
the preceding clause (a), an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such guaranty
is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming Borrower and/or one
or more of its Consolidated Businesses is required to perform thereunder) as recorded on the balance sheet and on the footnotes to the
most recent Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything
contained herein to the contrary, guarantees of completion, of environmental indemnities and relating to fraud, misappropriation, bankruptcy
filings and other bad act indemnities shall not be deemed to be Contingent Obligations unless and until a claim for payment
or performance has been made thereunder, at which time any such guaranty shall be deemed to be a Contingent Obligation in an amount equal
to any such claim. Subject to the preceding sentence, (1) in the case of a joint and several guaranty given by Borrower or one of
its Consolidated Businesses and another Person (but only to the extent such guaranty is recourse, directly or indirectly to Borrower),
the amount of the guaranty shall be deemed to be 100% thereof unless and only to the extent that such other Person has delivered Cash
and Cash Equivalents to secure all or any part of such Persons guaranteed obligations and (2) in the case of joint and several
guarantees given by a Person in which Borrower owns an interest (which guarantees are non-recourse to Borrower), to the extent the guarantees,
in the aggregate, exceed 10% of Capitalization Value, the amount in excess of 10% shall be deemed to be a Contingent Obligation of Borrower.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Contingent Obligations shall be deemed not to include
guarantees of unadvanced funds under any indebtedness of Borrower or its Consolidated Businesses or of construction loans to the extent
the same have not been drawn. All matters constituting Contingent Obligations shall be calculated without duplication.

Continue, Continuation
and Continued refer to the continuation pursuant to Section 2.12 of a Term SOFR Loan as a Term SOFR Loan
from one Interest Period to the next Interest Period.

Continuing Directors
has the meaning specified in Section 9.01(11).

Convert, Conversion
and Converted refer to a conversion pursuant to Section 2.12 of a Ratable Loan of one Type into a Ratable
Loan of another Type, each of which may be accompanied by the transfer by a Bank (at its sole discretion) of all or a portion of its Ratable
Loan from one Applicable Lending Office to another.

-9-

Covenant Finance Lease
means a Finance Lease for which the Borrower determines (a) it is reasonably certain in the future to exercise any purchase option
(if applicable) set forth in such Finance Lease or (b) such Finance Lease will transfer ownership of the underlying asset to lessee
by the end of the lease term.

Covered Entity has
the meaning specified in Section 12.25.

Daily Simple SOFR
with respect to any applicable determination date means the SOFR published on such date on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks
website (or any successor source).

Daily
SOFR means the rate per annum equal to Daily Simple SOFR determined five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business
Days prior to such day pursuant to the definition thereof. Any change in Daily SOFR shall be effective from and including the date of
such change without further notice. If the rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes
of this Agreement.

Daily SOFR Loan means
a Ratable Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily SOFR.

Debt means (1) indebtedness
or liability for borrowed money, or for the deferred purchase price of property or services (including trade obligations); (2) obligations
as lessee under Covenant Finance Leases; (3) current liabilities in respect of unfunded vested benefits under any Plan; (4) obligations
in respect of letters of credit issued for the account of any Person; (5) all obligations arising under bankers or trade acceptance
facilities; (6) all guarantees, endorsements (other than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), and other
contingent obligations to purchase any of the items included in this definition, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to invest
in any Person, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss; (7) all obligations secured by any Lien on property owned by the Person
whose Debt is being measured, whether or not the obligations have been assumed; and (8) all obligations under any agreement providing
for contingent participation or other hedging mechanisms with respect to interest payable on any of the items described above in this
definition.

Debtor Relief Laws
means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of
creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or
other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.

Default means any
event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become an Event of Default.

Default Rate means
a rate per annum equal to: (1) with respect to Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, a variable rate 2% above the rate of interest
then in effect thereon (including the Applicable Margin); and (2) with respect to Term SOFR Loans and Bid Rate Loans, a fixed rate
2% above the rate(s) of interest in effect thereon (including the Applicable Margin or the Term SOFR Bid Margin, as the case may
be) at the time of Default until the end of the then current Interest Period therefor and, thereafter, a variable rate 2% above the rate
of interest for a Base Rate Loan.

-10-

Defaulting Lender
means, subject to Section 2.20(b), any Bank that, as determined by the Administrative Agent, (a) has failed to perform any of
its funding obligations hereunder, including in respect of its Loans or participations in respect of Letters of Credit, within three Banking
Days of the date required to be funded by it hereunder unless such Bank notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing
that such failure is the result of such Banks reasonable determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of
which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied,
(b) has notified the Borrower, or the Administrative Agent that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations or has
made a public statement to that effect with respect to its funding obligations hereunder (unless such writing or public statement relates
to such Banks obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Banks reasonable determination
that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified
in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Banking Days after request by the Administrative
Agent, to confirm in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that it will comply with its funding obligations (provided
that such Bank shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject
of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or the subject of a Bail-In Action, (ii) had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator,
assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or a custodian appointed
for it, or (iii) taken any action in furtherance of, or indicated its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding
or appointment; provided that a Bank shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest
in that Bank or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such equity interest does not result
in or provide such Bank with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or
writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Bank (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any
contracts or agreements made with such Bank. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in clauses (a) through (d) above, any
determination by the Administrative Agent that a Bank is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above
shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Bank shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.20(b) upon
delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, the Issuing Bank, and each Bank.

Designated Jurisdiction
means any country, region or territory to the extent that such country, region or territory itself is the subject of any Sanction (including,
as of the Closing Date, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea region of Ukraine, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic,
the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic and the non-government controlled Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions of Ukraine).

Designated Lender
means a special purpose corporation that (i) shall have become a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 12.16 and (ii) is
not otherwise a Bank.

Designating Lender
has the meaning specified in Section 12.16.

Designation Agreement
means an agreement in substantially the form of EXHIBIT F, entered into by a Bank and a Designated Lender and accepted by
Administrative Agent.

-11-

Disposition means
a sale (whether by assignment, transfer, Division, or Finance Lease) of an asset.

Dividing Person has the meaning assigned
to it in the definition of Division.

Division means the
division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person) among two or more
Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person
and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive.

Dollars and the sign
$ mean lawful money of the United States of America.

Drop-Down Conversion
has the meaning specified in Section 12.26.

EEA Financial Institution
means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of
an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in
clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of
an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority
means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Elect and Election
refer to election, if any, by Borrower pursuant to Section 2.12 to have all or a portion of an advance of the Ratable Loans be outstanding
as SOFR Loans.

Electronic Record
and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as
it may be amended from time to time.

Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds
means the cash proceeds held by a qualified intermediary from the sale of real property of Borrower and its Consolidated
Businesses, which proceeds are intended to be used by such qualified intermediary to acquire one or more replacement properties
that are of like-kind to such real property in an exchange that qualifies as a tax-free exchange under Section 1031
of the Code, and no portion of which proceeds Borrower or any Affiliate has the right to receive, pledge, borrow or otherwise obtain the
benefits of until such time as provided under the applicable exchange agreement (as such terms in quotations are defined
in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1031(k)-1(g)(4) (the Regulations)) or until such exchange is terminated.
Upon the cash proceeds no longer being held by such qualified intermediary pursuant to the Regulations or otherwise no longer qualifying
under the Regulations for like-kind exchange treatment, such proceeds shall cease being Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds.

Environmental Discharge
means any discharge or release of any Hazardous Materials in violation of any applicable Environmental Law.

-12-

Environmental Law
means any applicable Law relating to pollution or the environment, including Laws relating to noise or to emissions, discharges, releases
or threatened releases of Hazardous Materials into the work place, the community or the environment, or otherwise relating to the generation,
manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials.

Environmental Notice
means any written complaint, order, citation or notice from any Person (1) affecting or relating to Borrowers compliance with
any Environmental Law in connection with any activity or operations at any time conducted by Borrower, (2) relating to (a) the
existence of any Hazardous Materials contamination or Environmental Discharges or threatened Hazardous Materials contamination or Environmental
Discharges at any of Borrowers locations or facilities or (b) remediation of any Environmental Discharge or Hazardous
Materials at any such location or facility or any part thereof; or (3) relating to any violation or alleged violation by Borrower
of any relevant Environmental Law.

Equity Forward Contract
means a forward equity contract entered into by the Borrower and a Person that is not a Subsidiary of the Borrower with respect to common
Equity Interests of the Borrower.

Equity Interest means,
with respect to any Person, any share of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, any warrant, option
or other right for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of any share of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests
in) such Person, any security convertible into or exchangeable for any share of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests
in) such Person or warrant, right or option for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests),
and any other ownership or profit interest in such Person (including, without limitation, partnership, member or trust interests therein),
whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such share, warrant, option, right or other interest is authorized or otherwise existing
on any date of determination.

ERISA means the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate means
any corporation which is a member of the same controlled group of corporations (within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the
Code) as Borrower, or any trade or business which is under common control (within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code)
with Borrower, or any organization which is required to be treated as a single employer with Borrower under Section 414(m) or
414(o) of the Code.

ESG has the meaning
specified in Section 2.21.

ESG Amendment has
the meaning specified in Section 2.21.

ESG Amendment Deadline
has the meaning specified in Section 2.21.

ESG Applicable Margin Adjustments
has the meaning specified in Section 2.21.

ESG Pricing Provisions
has the meaning specified in Section 2.21.

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule
means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to
time.

-13-

Event of Default has
the meaning specified in Section 9.01.

Excluded Borrowing
means a borrowing of Loans which is solely refinancing an outstanding Loan and is not increasing the aggregate outstanding principal amount
of Loans hereunder (including a Conversion or Continuation of Loans).

Excluded
Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or
deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and
branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal
office or, in the case of any Bank, its Applicable Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision
thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Bank, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts
payable to or for the account of such Bank with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Loan Commitment pursuant to a law in effect
on the date on which (i) such Bank acquires such interest in the Loan or Loan Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request
by the Borrower under Section 3.07) or (ii) such Bank changes its Applicable Lending Office, except in each case to the
extent that, pursuant to Section 3.10(a) or (c), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such
Banks assignor immediately before such Bank became a party hereto or to such Bank immediately before it changed its Applicable
Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 3.10(e) and (d) any
U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA.

Existing Banks has
the meaning specified in Section 2.19(c).

Existing Letters of Credit
has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(f).

Facility Fee Rate
means the rate per annum determined, at any time, based on Borrowers Credit Rating in accordance with the following table (any
change in Borrowers Credit Rating causing it to move into a different range on the table shall effect an immediate change in the
Facility Fee Rate), and subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 2.21(d):

Borrowers Credit Rating (S&P/Moodys) Facility Fee Rate

(% per annum)

A+/A1 or higher 0.10

A/A2 0.10

A-/A3 0.125

BBB+/Baa1 0.15

BBB/Baa2 0.20

BBB-/Baa3 0.25

Below BBB- or unrated/

Below Baa3 or unrated 0.30

FATCA means Sections
1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor provisions thereof that are substantially
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations (whether temporary or proposed) that
are issued thereunder and official governmental interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of
the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty
or convention among Governmental Authorities entered into in connection with the implementation of the foregoing.

-14-

Federal
Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such
days federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York
shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Banking Day by the Federal Reserve Bank
of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero,
such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.

Fee Letters means,
collectively, (i) the letter agreement, dated as of February 20, 2025, among the Borrower and JPMC, (ii) the letter agreement,
dated as of February 20, 2025, among Borrower, Bank of America and BofA Securities, Inc. and (iii) the letter agreement,
dated as of February 20, 2025, among Borrower, WFB, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC.

Finance Lease means
any lease which is capitalized on the books of the lessee in accordance with GAAP.

Fiscal Year means
each period from January 1 to December 31.

Foreign Bank means
any Bank that is organized under the Laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or any State thereof.

Former Borrower Entity
has the meaning specified in Section 12.26.

Fronting Exposure
means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, with respect to the Issuing Bank, such Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share of the
outstanding L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been funded
by such Bank, has been reallocated to other Banks or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof.

GAAP means generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time, applied on a basis consistent with those
used in the preparation of the financial statements referred to in Section 5.13 (except for changes concurred in by Borrowers
Accountants).

Good Faith Contest
means the contest of an item if: (1) the item is diligently contested in good faith, and, if appropriate, by proceedings timely instituted;
(2) reserves that are adequate based on reasonably foreseeable likely outcomes are established with respect to the contested item;
(3) during the period of such contest, the enforcement of any contested item is effectively stayed, delayed or postponed; and (4) the
failure to pay or comply with the contested item during the period of the contest is not likely to result in a Material Adverse Change.

Governmental Authority
means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, and any agency, authority, central bank, regulatory
body, court or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government
(including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

-15-

Hazardous Materials
means any pollutant, effluents, emissions, contaminants, toxic or hazardous wastes or substances, as any of those terms are defined from
time to time in or for the purposes of any relevant Environmental Law, including asbestos fibers and friable asbestos, polychlorinated
biphenyls, and any petroleum or hydrocarbon-based products or derivatives.

Impacted Loans has
the meaning specified in Section 3.02(a).

Indemnified Taxes
means (a) Taxes other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of Borrower
under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a) above, Other Taxes.

Indemnitee has the
meaning specified in Section 12.04.

Information has the
meaning specified in Section 12.20.

Initial Advance means
the first advance of proceeds of the Loans.

Interest Expense means,
for any period of time, Borrowers share of the consolidated interest expense (without deduction of consolidated interest income,
and excluding (x) interest expense on construction loans and (y) other capitalized interest expense in respect of either construction
activity or construction loans, in any such case under clauses (x) or (y), only until completion of the relevant construction, and
(z) any costs, fees, unamortized deferred financing costs and/or prepayment penalties incurred in connection with the prepayment
of financings) of Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses, including, without limitation or duplication (or, to the extent not so included,
with the addition of), (1) the portion of any rental obligation in respect of any Covenant Finance Lease obligation allocable to
interest expense in accordance with GAAP; (2) the amortization of Debt discounts; (3) the amortization of interest rate swap
agreements; and (4) the interest expense and items listed in clauses (1) through (3) above applicable to each of the UJVs
multiplied by Borrowers respective beneficial interests in the UJVs, in all cases as reflected in Borrowers Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Interest
Period means, (1) with respect to any Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Term SOFR Loan
is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected
by the Borrower in its Ratable Loan Notice (in the case of each requested Interest Period, subject to availability); provided that
(i) any such Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Banking Day shall be extended to the next succeeding
Banking Day unless, in the case of a Term SOFR Loan, such Banking Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period
shall end on the next preceding Banking Day; (ii) any such Interest Period pertaining to a Term SOFR Loan that begins on the last
Banking Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such
Interest Period) shall end on the last Banking Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and (iii) no Interest
Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date; (2) with respect to any Term SOFR Bid Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date
the same is advanced and ending, as Borrower may select pursuant to Section 2.02, on the numerically corresponding day in the first,
second or third calendar month thereafter, provided that each such Interest Period which commences on the last Banking Day of a calendar
month (or on any day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the appropriate subsequent calendar month) shall end on the
last Banking Day of the appropriate calendar month; and (3) with respect to any Absolute Bid Rate Loan, the period commencing on
the date the same is advanced and ending, as Borrower may select pursuant to Section 2.02, provided, however, that each such period
shall not be less than fourteen (14) days nor more than ninety (90) days.

-16-

Inversion Conversion
has the meaning specified in Section 12.26.

Invitation for Bid Rate Quotes
has the meaning specified in Section 2.02 (b).

IRS means the Internal
Revenue Service.

ISP means the International
Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect
at the applicable time).

Issuing Bank means
(a) each of Bank of America, JPMC, and WFB in its capacity as issuing bank of the Letters of Credit under the Letter of Credit facility
described in Section 2.16, and (b) any other Bank reasonably acceptable to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that agrees
to issue Letters of Credit pursuant to this Agreement, in its capacity as issuing bank of the Letters of Credit under the Letter of Credit
facility described in Section 2.16, and, in each case, including their respective successors in such capacities. Any Issuing Bank
may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term
Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference
in this Agreement to the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to be a reference to the applicable Issuing Bank that has issued or is issuing,
amending or extending the Letter of Credit in question or to each or all of the Issuing Banks hereunder, as the context may require.

Issuing Bank Commitment Amount
means, as to any Issuing Bank, the commitment of such Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder. The initial amount of each Issuing
Banks Issuing Bank Commitment Amount is set forth on Schedule 1, or if an Issuing Bank has entered into an Assignment and Assumption
or has otherwise assumed an Issuing Bank Commitment Amount after the Closing Date, the amount set forth for such Issuing Bank as its Issuing
Bank Commitment Amount in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent. The Issuing Bank Commitment Amount of an Issuing Bank may
be modified from time to time by agreement between such Issuing Bank and the Borrower, and notified to the Administrative Agent.

Joint Lead Arrangers
or Arrangers means the financial institutions listed on the cover page hereto as Joint Lead Arrangers.

JPMC has the meaning
specified in the preamble.

KPI Metrics has the
meaning specified in Section 2.21.

L/C Obligations means,
as at any date of determination, the sum of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit (including
any automatic or scheduled increases provided for by the express terms in such Letters of Credit, determined without regard to whether
any conditions to drawing could be met at that time) plus the aggregate of all unreimbursed drawings with respect to Letters of
Credit. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount
may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding
in the amount so remaining available to be drawn.

-17-

Law means any federal,
state or local statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, order, code, or rule of common law, now or hereafter in effect, and in
each case as amended, and any judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment.

Lender Recipient Party
means, collectively, the Banks and the Issuing Banks.

Letter of Credit has
the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a).

Lien means any mortgage,
deed of trust, pledge, negative pledge, security interest, hypothecation, assignment for collateral purposes, deposit arrangement, lien
(statutory or other), or other security agreement or charge of any kind or nature whatsoever of any third party (excluding any right of
setoff but including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially
the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code or comparable
Law of any jurisdiction to evidence any of the foregoing and carriers, warehousemen, mechanics and other similar inchoate liens that have
not been insured against in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent).

Loan means, with respect
to each Bank, collectively, its Ratable Loan and Bid Rate Loan(s).

Loan Commitment means,
with respect to each Bank, the obligation to make a Ratable Loan, and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit, in the principal
amount set forth in Schedule 1 (subject to change in accordance with the terms of this Agreement).

Loan Documents means
this Agreement, the Notes, the Authorization Letter, the Solvency Certificate, any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral
pursuant to Section 2.16(h), and any guaranty executed and delivered pursuant to clause (y) of the definition of Unencumbered
Assets in Section 1.01 and any amendments, modifications or supplements hereto or to any other Loan Document or waivers hereof
or to any other Loan Document.

Material Adverse Change
means an effect resulting from any circumstance or event or series of circumstances or events, of whatever nature, which does or could
reasonably be expected to, on more than an interim basis, either (1) materially and adversely impair the ability of Borrower and
its Consolidated Businesses, taken as a whole, to fulfill its material obligations under the Loan Documents or (2) cause a Default
or an Event of Default.

Maturity Date means
April 3, 2030; provided, however, that if such date is not a Banking Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Banking Day.

Minimum Request has
the meaning specified in Section 2.19(a).

Moodys means
Moodys Investors Service, Inc.

Multiemployer Plan
means a Plan defined as such in Section 3(37) of ERISA to which contributions have been made by Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and
which is covered by Title IV of ERISA.

-18-

New Bank and New
Note have the respective meanings specified in Section 2.19.

Nonrecourse Debt Guarantees
means Contingent Obligations in respect of non-Recourse Debt where liability of the guarantor is limited to customary exceptions for fraud,
misappropriation, bankruptcy filing and other bad acts, environmental liability and other similar and customary exceptions
to non-recourse liability.

Note and Notes
have the respective meanings specified in Section 2.08.

Obligations means
each and every obligation, covenant and agreement of Borrower, now or hereafter existing, contained in this Agreement, and any of the
other Loan Documents, whether for principal, reimbursement obligations, interest, fees, expenses, indemnities or otherwise, and any amendments
or supplements thereto, extensions or renewals thereof or replacements therefor, including but not limited to all indebtedness, obligations
and liabilities of Borrower to Administrative Agent and any Bank now existing or hereafter incurred under or arising out of or in connection
with the Notes, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and any documents or instruments executed in connection therewith; in each case
whether direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, now or hereafter existing, renewed or
restructured, whether or not from time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and including all indebtedness
of Borrower, under any instrument now or hereafter evidencing or securing any of the foregoing.

OFAC means the Office
of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury.

OP has the meaning
specified in Section 12.26.

Other Connection Taxes
means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction
imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations
under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced
any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).

Other Taxes means
all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under,
from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under,
or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment
(other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.07).

Outbound Investment Rules
means the regulations administered and enforced, together with any related public guidance issued, by the United States Treasury Department
under U.S. Executive Order 14105 of August 9, 2023, or any similar law or regulation; as of the date of this Agreement, and as codified
at 31 C.F.R. 850.101 et seq.

Outstanding Percentage
has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(c).

Parent means, with
respect to any Bank, any Person controlling such Bank.

-19-

Parent Entity has
the meaning specified in Section 12.26.

Participant and Participation
have the respective meanings specified in Section 12.05.

Participant Register
has the meaning specified in Section 12.05.

Patriot Act has the
meaning specified in Section 12.18.

Payor has the meaning
specified in Section 10.12(a).

PBGC means the Pension
Benefit Guaranty Corporation and any entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.

Performing
Notes means mortgage notes and notes receivable which are not more than thirty (30) days past due or otherwise in
default.

Permitted Convertible Debt
means convertible or exchangeable debt securities of the Borrower (a) that are unsecured, (b) that do not have the benefit of
any guaranty of any Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary has also provided a guaranty of the Obligations, (c) that are not subject to
any sinking fund or any prepayment, redemption or repurchase requirements prior to the maturity date of such indebtedness, whether scheduled,
triggered by specified events or at the option of the holders thereof (it being understood that none of (i) a customary change
in control, fundamental change, asset sale or event of loss put, (ii) a right to
convert such securities into or exchange such securities for common stock of the Borrower, cash or a combination thereof or (iii) an
acceleration upon an event of default will be deemed to constitute such a sinking fund or prepayment, redemption or repurchase requirement),
(d) that have the benefit of covenants and events of default customary for comparable convertible or exchangeable securities (as
determined by the Borrower in good faith), and (e) that are settled upon conversion or exchange by the holders thereof in cash or
shares of common stock of the Borrower or any combination thereof (including convertible or exchangeable securities that require payment
of the principal thereof in cash upon a conversion or exchange).

Permitted Investments
means any one or more of the following cash, cash items, or government securities within the
meaning of Section 856(c)(4)(A) of the Code: (a) direct obligations of the United States of America, or any agency thereof,
or obligations fully guaranteed as to payment of principal and interest by the United States of America, or any agency thereof, provided
such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America, and provided, however, that any such investment
must have a predetermined fixed dollar amount of principal due at maturity that cannot vary or change; (b) U.S. dollar denominated
time deposits in U.S. financial institutions that are either member banks of the Federal Reserve System or are state-chartered banks regulated
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; and (c) money market funds that are subject to regulation under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, 15 U.S.C. 80a-1 et seq., and comply with the requirements of Rule 2a-7 thereof, as amended.

Person means an individual,
partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture,
Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature.

-20-

Plan means any employee
benefit or other plan established or maintained, or to which contributions have been made, by Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and which
is covered by Title IV of ERISA or to which Section 412 of the Code applies.

Platform has the meaning
set forth in Section 6.09.

presence, when used
in connection with any Environmental Discharge or Hazardous Materials, means and includes presence, generation, manufacture, installation,
treatment, use, storage, handling, repair, encapsulation, disposal, transportation, spill, discharge and release.

Pro Rata Share means,
for purposes of this Agreement and with respect to each Bank, a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of such Banks Loan
Commitment and the denominator of which is the Total Loan Commitment.

Prohibited Transaction
means any transaction proscribed by Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and to which no statutory or administrative
exemption applies.

PTE means a prohibited
transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.

Public Lender has
the meaning specified in Section 6.09.

Ratable Loan has the
meaning specified in Section 2.01(b).

Ratable Loan Note
has the meaning specified in Section 2.08.

Ratable Loan Notice
means a notice of (a) a borrowing of Ratable Loans, (b) a Conversion of Ratable Loans, or (c) a Continuation of Term SOFR
Loans, pursuant to Section 2.04 or Section 2.14, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit K
or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission
system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower.

Recipient
means the Administrative Agent, any Bank or the Issuing Bank.

Recourse Debt means
Debt, recourse for the payment of which (other than customary exceptions for fraud, misappropriation, bankruptcy filing and other bad
acts, environmental liability and other similar and customary exceptions to non-recourse liability) is not limited to specified
collateral encumbered by Liens securing such Debt (or, in the case of a Person that is a special purpose entity, recourse
is not limited to the assets of such special purpose entity).

Register has the meaning
specified in Section 12.05.

Regulation D means
Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

Regulation T means
Regulation T of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

Regulation U means
Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

Regulation X means
Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

-21-

Regulatory
Change means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking
effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation,
implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline
or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
(a) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or
issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (b) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated
by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United
States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Regulatory Change,
regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented.

REIT means a Person
qualifying for treatment as a real estate investment trust under the Code.

REIT Entity has the
meaning specified in Section 12.26.

Related Parties means,
with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators,
managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates.

Relevant Documents
has the meaning specified in Section 11.02.

Reorganization has
the meaning specified in Section 12.26.

Replacement Bank has
the meaning specified in Section 3.07.

Replacement Notice
has the meaning specified in Section 3.07.

Reportable Event means
any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than those events as to which the thirty (30) day notice period
is waived under subsections .13, .14, .16, .18, .19 or .20 of PBGC Reg. 2615.

Requested Increase
has the meaning specified in Section 2.19.

Required Banks means
at any time the Banks having Pro Rata Shares aggregating at least 51%; provided, however, if the Loan Commitments have been terminated,
the Required Banks shall be the Banks holding at least 51% of the then aggregate unpaid principal amount of
the Loans; provided that the Loan Commitment of, and the portion of the Loans held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall
be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Banks.

Required Payment has
the meaning specified in Section 10.12(a).

Rescindable Amount
has the meaning specified in Section 10.12(b).

Resolution Authority
means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

-22-

Responsible Officer
means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, vice president, capital markets
or controller of the Borrower and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer of the Borrower
so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer of the Borrower designated
in or pursuant to an agreement between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or
other action on the part of the Borrower and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of the Borrower.

Revolving Credit Exposure
means, as to any Bank at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of its outstanding Ratable Loans and such Banks
participation in L/C Obligations at such time.

S&P means Standard
and Poors Financial Services LLC, a division of S&P Global, Inc.

Sanction(s) means
any sanctions, trade embargoes or similar restrictions administered or enforced by the United States Government (including without limitation,
OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury (HMT) or other relevant sanctions
authority.

Scheduled Unavailability Date
has the meaning specified in Section 3.02(c).

Secured Indebtedness
means that portion of Total Outstanding Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien.

SLL Principles has
the meaning specified in Section 2.21.

SOFR means the Secured
Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator).

SOFR Loan means a
Daily SOFR Loan and/or a Term SOFR Loan, as the context may require.

Solvency Certificate
means a certificate in the form of EXHIBIT D, to be delivered by Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Solvent means, when
used with respect to any Person, that the fair value of the property of such Person, on a going concern basis, is greater than the total
amount of liabilities (including, without limitation, contingent liabilities) of such Person.

SPTs has the meaning
specified in Section 2.21.

Subsidiary of a Person
means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares
of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities
or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management
of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise
specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries
of the Borrower.

Successor Rate has
the meaning specified in Section 3.02(b).

-23-

Supplemental Note
has the meaning specified in Section 2.19.

Sustainability Adjustment Limitations
has the meaning specified in Section 2.21.

Sustainability Agent Resignation
Effective Date has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 10.08(b).

Sustainability Structuring Agent
has the meaning specified in Section 2.21.

Syndication Agents
means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.

Taxes means all present
or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges
in the nature of taxes imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term SOFR means:

(a) for
any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate
is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S.
Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto; and

(b) for
any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to such date with a term of one month commencing that day; provided that if the rate is not
published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government
Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto;

provided
that if the Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise
be less than zero, the Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement.

Term SOFR Auction
means a solicitation of Bid Rate Quotes setting forth Term SOFR Bid Margins pursuant to Section 2.02.

Term SOFR Bid Margin
has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(c)(2)(iii).

Term SOFR Bid Rate
means the rate per annum equal to the sum of (1) Term SOFR for the Term SOFR Bid Rate Loan and Interest Period in question and (2) the
Term SOFR Bid Margin.

Term SOFR Bid Rate Loan
means a Bid Rate Loan bearing interest at the Term SOFR Bid Rate.

Term SOFR Loan means
a Ratable Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR.

Term SOFR Screen Rate
means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent)
and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may
be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time).

-24-

Total Loan Commitment
means an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all Loan Commitments (i.e., $2,500,000,000 as of the Closing Date, as the same may increase
pursuant to Section 2.19 or decrease pursuant to Section 2.10).

Total Outstanding Indebtedness
means, at any time, the sum, without duplication, of (1) Consolidated Outstanding Indebtedness; (2) Borrowers Share of
UJV Combined Outstanding Indebtedness; and (3) Contingent Obligations.

Type means, with respect
to a Ratable Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, a Term SOFR Loan or a Daily SOFR Loan.

UCP means the Uniform
Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof
as may be in effect at the applicable time).

UJV Combined Outstanding Indebtedness
means, as of any time, all indebtedness and liability for borrowed money, secured or unsecured, of the UJVs, on a combined basis, including
mortgage and other notes payable but excluding any indebtedness which is margin indebtedness on cash and cash equivalent securities, all
as reflected in the balance sheets of each of the UJVs, prepared in accordance with GAAP.

UJVs means the unconsolidated
joint ventures (including general and limited partnerships) in which Borrower owns a beneficial interest and which are accounted for under
the equity method in Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements.

UK Financial Institution
means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom
Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by
the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates
of such credit institutions or investment firms.

UK Resolution Authority
means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

Unanimous Bank Notices
has the meaning specified in Section 9.02.

Unencumbered means,
with respect to any asset, that such asset is not, and the direct or indirect interests of Borrower therein are not, subject to any negative
pledge or Lien to secure all or any portion of Secured Indebtedness.

-25-

Unencumbered Asset Value
means, as of the end of any calendar quarter, without duplication, (1) Unencumbered Wholly-Owned Combined EBITDA for the period of
four quarters then ended, capitalized at a rate of 5.75% per annum (i.e., divided by 5.75%), plus (2) Unencumbered Non-Wholly-Owned
Combined EBITDA for the period of four quarters then ended, capitalized at a rate of 5.75% per annum (i.e., divided by 5.75%), plus (3) the
aggregate book value (on a cost basis) of Unencumbered Land and Construction-in-Process (after taking into account any impairments
recognized in Borrowers financial statements in the immediately preceding fiscal quarter), plus (4) the aggregate book value
(on a cost basis) of Unencumbered Assets of Borrower and its Consolidated Business which are Acquisition Assets plus Borrowers
beneficial interest in the book value (on a cost basis) of Unencumbered Assets of the UJVs that are Acquisition Assets (and for which
Borrower substantially controls the financing and sale) (after taking into account any impairments recognized in Borrowers financial
statements in the immediately preceding fiscal quarter), plus (5) unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of Borrower and its Consolidated
Businesses, as of the end of such quarter, as reflected in Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements, to the extent the same
are Unencumbered; provided that no such unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents will be added to Unencumbered Asset Value if such unrestricted
Cash and Cash Equivalents have been deducted from Unsecured Indebtedness in the calculation of the financial covenant in Section 8.03,
plus (6) the value of all Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds, to the extent the same are Unencumbered, plus (7) the value (at the lower
of cost or market in accordance with GAAP) of Performing Notes and investments in minority interests (including preferred equity investments)
in other Persons held by Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses, to the extent the same are Unencumbered plus (8) the aggregate
positive amount of net cash proceeds that would be due to the Borrower from all Equity Forward Contracts that have not yet settled as
of such date, calculated as if such Equity Forward Contracts were settled by the Borrowers delivery of its common shares as of,
and such net cash proceeds were actually received on, the last day of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter; provided that
such calculation shall exclude each Equity Forward Contract, if any, with respect to which either (a) the Borrower or the counterparty
would not reasonably be expected, for any reason, to be able to fulfill its obligations thereunder or (b) the Borrower no longer
intends to issue shares sufficient to realize such proceeds; provided, further, that the amount added to Unencumbered Asset
Value pursuant to this clause (8) shall not exceed 7.5% of the total Unencumbered Asset Value; provided that the sum of clauses
(2), (3) and (7) above shall not exceed 30% of Unencumbered Asset Value.

Unencumbered Assets
are income-producing assets, reflected on Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements, owned (in whole or in part), directly or
indirectly by Borrower which (1) are Unencumbered and (2) have been improved by buildings or other improvements that have been
issued a certificate of occupancy (or its equivalent) and are fully operational. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an asset that would
otherwise qualify as an Unencumbered Asset is owned by a Consolidated Business that has any Recourse Debt, such asset shall not constitute,
and may not be treated as, an Unencumbered Asset unless and until the earlier to occur of (x) such Recourse Debt has been repaid
in full in cash and all loan documents evidencing such Recourse Debt have been terminated (other than customary provisions relating to
contingent obligations in such loan documents intended to survive such termination) and (y) such Consolidated Business executes and
delivers to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Banks, a guaranty of the Obligations in substantially
the form of Exhibit I attached hereto.

Unencumbered Land and Construction-in-Process
means all land held for future development and Construction-in-Process reflected on Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements,
which are wholly-owned, directly or indirectly, by Borrower and are Unencumbered.

Unencumbered Non-Wholly-Owned Combined
EBITDA means that portion of Combined EBITDA attributable to Unencumbered Assets that are not Unencumbered Wholly-Owned
Assets but for which the Borrower substantially controls the sale or financing of such Unencumbered Asset (assuming general and administrative
expense is allocated proportionately to Unencumbered Assets).

-26-

Unencumbered Wholly-Owned Assets
means Unencumbered Assets which are Wholly-Owned Assets.

Unencumbered Wholly-Owned Combined
EBITDA means that portion of Combined EBITDA attributable to Unencumbered Wholly-Owned Assets (assuming general and administrative
expense is allocated proportionately to Unencumbered Wholly-Owned Assets).

Unsecured Indebtedness
means that portion of Total Outstanding Indebtedness that is not secured by a Lien.

U.S. Government Securities Business
Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes
of trading in United States government securities.

U.S. Person means
any United States citizen, lawful permanent resident, entity organized under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within
the United States, including any foreign branch of any such entity, or any person in the United States.

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
has the meaning specified in Section 3.10(e)(ii)(B)(3).

WFB has the meaning
specified in the preamble.

Wholly-Owned Assets
means income-producing assets, which are reflected on Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements, and are wholly-owned, directly
or indirectly, by Borrower.

Wholly Owned Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary of a Person which all of the equity securities or other ownership interests (other than, in the case of a corporation,
directors qualifying shares or, in the case of a trust, trustees qualifying shares, or, in the case of a REIT, preferred
shares issued to comply with Section 856(a)(5) of the Code) are at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such
Person or one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person.

Withholding Agent
means the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

Write-Down and Conversion Powers
means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from
time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described
in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority
under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract
or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that
person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it
or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary
to any of those powers.

-27-

Section 1.02 Accounting
Terms. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed
in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time, and all financial data required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared in
accordance with GAAP; provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any
provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation
of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Banks request an amendment to any provision
hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof,
then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become
effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision shall have been amended in accordance herewith.

Section 1.03 Computation
of Time Periods. Except as otherwise provided herein, in this Agreement, in the computation of periods of time from a specified
date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including and words to and until
each means to but excluding.

Section 1.04 Rules of
Construction. If the Reorganization is consummated in accordance with Section 12.26, upon and following such Reorganization,
for purposes of the financial covenants set forth in Article VIII, all references to the Borrower shall mean the REIT
Entity and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Except as provided otherwise, when used in this Agreement (1) or
is not exclusive; (2) a reference to a Law includes any amendment, modification or supplement to, or replacement of, such Law; (3) a
reference to a Person includes its permitted successors and permitted assigns; (4) all terms used in the singular shall have a correlative
meaning when used in the plural and vice versa; (5) a reference to an agreement, instrument or document shall include such agreement,
instrument or document as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms and as permitted
by the Loan Documents; (6) all references to Articles, Sections or Exhibits shall be to Articles, Sections and Exhibits of this Agreement
unless otherwise indicated; (7) hereunder, herein, hereof and the like refer to this Agreement
as a whole; and (8) all Exhibits to this Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement. Any reference herein to a merger, amalgamation,
consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar terms shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability
company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as
if it were a merger, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or
with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of
any limited liability company that is a subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity).

Section 1.05 Interest
Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any
liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with
respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment)
that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component
of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates
or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative,
successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related
spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information
sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement
rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Bank or any other person or entity for damages of any kind,
including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract
or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination,
or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

-28-

Section 1.06 Letter
of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be
the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however, that with respect to any Letter of Credit that,
by its terms, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be
deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum
stated amount is in effect at such time.

Section 1.07 Times
of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight
or standard, as applicable).

Section 1.08 Rounding.
Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate
component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein
and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).

Article II

THE
LOANS

Section 2.01 Ratable
Loans; Bid Rate Loans; Purpose.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Banks agree to make loans to Borrower as provided in this Article II.

(b) Each
of the Banks severally agrees to make loans in Dollars to Borrower (each such loan by a Bank, a Ratable Loan)
in an amount up to its Loan Commitment, pursuant to which the Bank shall from time to time advance and re-advance to Borrower an amount
equal to its Pro Rata Share of the excess (the Available Total Loan Commitment) of the Total Loan Commitment
over the sum of (1) all previous advances (including Bid Rate Loans) made by the Banks which remain unpaid and (2) the outstanding
amount of all Letters of Credit and unreimbursed drawings on all Letters of Credit; provided that after giving effect to such Ratable
Loan, the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Bank shall not exceed its Loan Commitment. Within the limits set forth herein, Borrower may
borrow from time to time under this paragraph (b) and prepay from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 (subject, however, to
the restrictions on prepayment set forth in said Section), and thereafter re-borrow pursuant to this paragraph (b). The Ratable Loans
may be outstanding as (1) Base Rate Loans; (2) Term SOFR Loans; (3) Daily SOFR Loans or (4) a combination of the foregoing,
as Borrower shall elect and notify Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.14. Each Term SOFR Loan, Daily SOFR Loan, Bid
Rate Loan and Base Rate Loan of each Bank shall be maintained at such Banks Applicable Lending Office.

-29-

(c) In
addition to Ratable Loans pursuant to paragraph (b) above, so long as Borrowers Credit Rating is BBB- or higher by S&P
or Baa3 or higher by Moodys or an equivalent rating by another nationally-recognized rating agency, as reasonably approved by Administrative
Agent, one or more Banks may, at Borrowers request and in their sole discretion, make non-ratable loans which shall bear interest
at the Term SOFR Bid Rate or the Absolute Bid Rate in accordance with Section 2.02 (such loans being referred to in this Agreement
as Bid Rate Loans). Borrower may borrow Bid Rate Loans from time to time pursuant to this paragraph (c) in
an amount up to the Available Total Loan Commitment at the time of the borrowing (taking into account any repayments of the Loans made
simultaneously therewith) and shall repay such Bid Rate Loans as required by Section 2.08, and it may thereafter re-borrow pursuant
to this paragraph (c); provided, however, that the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Bid Rate Loans at any particular time shall
not exceed the Bid Borrowing Limit.

(d) The
obligations of the Banks under this Agreement are several, and no Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Bank to make
any advance of a Loan to be made by such other Bank. However, the failure of any Bank to make any advance of the Loan to be made by it
hereunder on the date specified therefor shall not relieve any other Bank of its obligation to make any advance of its Loan specified
hereby to be made on such date.

(e) Borrower
shall use the proceeds of the Loans for general capital and working capital requirements of Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses and
UJVs (which shall include, but not be limited to, Acquisitions and/or costs incurred in connection with the development, construction
or reconstruction of multi-family real estate properties). In no event shall proceeds of the Loans or Letters of Credit be used, directly
or indirectly, for purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U) or in a manner that would violate Regulation
T, Regulation U, or Regulation X, or in connection with a hostile acquisition.

Section 2.02 Bid
Rate Loans.

(a) When
Borrower wishes to request offers from the Banks to make Bid Rate Loans, it shall transmit to Administrative Agent by electronic mail
a request signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (a Bid Rate Quote Request) substantially in the
form of EXHIBIT G-1 so as to be received not later than 12:00 noon on (x) the fifth Banking Day prior to the date for
funding of the Term SOFR Bid Rate Loan(s) proposed therein in the case of a Term SOFR Auction or (y) the second Banking Day
prior to the date for funding of the Absolute Bid Rate Loan(s) proposed therein in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction, specifying:

(1) the
proposed date of funding of the Bid Rate Loan(s), which shall be a Banking Day;

-30-

(2) the
aggregate amount of the Bid Rate Loans requested, which shall be $5,000,000 or a larger integral multiple of $500,000;

(3) the
duration of the Interest Period(s) applicable thereto, subject to the provisions of the definition of Interest Period
in Section 1.01 and the provisions of Section 2.05; and

(4) whether
the Bid Rate Quotes requested are to set forth a Term SOFR Bid Margin (to be used to compute the Term SOFR Bid Rate) or an Absolute Bid
Rate.

Borrower may request offers to make Bid Rate Loans
for more than one (1) Interest Period in a single Bid Rate Quote Request; provided that no Bid Rate Quote Request shall contain a
request for (i) more than one type of Bid Rate Loan (i.e., Term SOFR Bid Rate or Absolute Bid Rate) or (ii) Bid Rate Loans having
more than three different Interest Periods. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise agrees in its sole discretion, the Borrower
may not submit a Bid Rate Quote Request if it has submitted another Bid Rate Quote Request within the prior five Banking Days.

(b) Promptly
(the same day, if possible) upon receipt of a Bid Rate Quote Request, Administrative Agent shall send to the Banks by electronic mail
an invitation (an Invitation for Bid Rate Quotes) substantially in the form of EXHIBIT G-2, which
shall constitute an invitation by Borrower to the Banks to submit Bid Rate Quotes offering to make Bid Rate Loans to which such Bid Rate
Quote Request relates in accordance with this Section.

(c) (1) Each
Bank may, but is not obligated to, submit a Bid Rate Quote containing an offer or offers to make Bid Rate Loans in response to any Invitation
for Bid Rate Quotes. Each Bid Rate Quote must comply with the requirements of this paragraph (c) and must be submitted to Administrative
Agent by electronic mail not later than (x) 2:00 p.m. on the fourth Banking Day prior to the proposed date of the Term SOFR
Bid Rate Loan(s) in the case of a Term SOFR Auction or (y) 9:30 a.m. on the Banking Day immediately preceding the proposed
date of the Absolute Bid Rate Loan(s) in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction; provided that Bid Rate Quotes submitted by Administrative
Agent (or any Affiliate of Administrative Agent) in its capacity as a Bank may be submitted, and may only be submitted, if Administrative
Agent or such Affiliate notifies Borrower of the terms of the offer or offers contained therein not later than thirty (30) minutes prior
to the deadline for the other Banks. Any Bid Rate Quote so made shall (subject to Borrowers satisfaction of the conditions precedent
set forth in this Agreement to its entitlement to an advance) be irrevocable except with the written consent of Administrative Agent given
on the instructions of Borrower. Bid Rate Loans to be funded pursuant to a Bid Rate Quote may, as provided in Section 12.16, be funded
by a Banks Designated Lender. A Bank making a Bid Rate Quote shall, if then known, specify in its Bid Rate Quote whether the related
Bid Rate Loans are intended to be funded by such Banks Designated Lender, as provided in Section 12.16, provided, however,
that whether or not the same is specified in a Banks Bid Rate Quote, such Banks Bid Rate Loan(s) may be funded by its
Designated Lender at the time of funding thereof.

-31-

(2) Each
Bid Rate Quote shall be in substantially the form of EXHIBIT G-3 and shall in any case specify:

(i) the
proposed date of funding of the Bid Rate Loan(s);

(ii) the
principal amount of the Bid Rate Loan(s) for which each such offer is being made, which principal amount (w) may be greater
than or less than the Loan Commitment of the quoting Bank, (x) must be in the aggregate $5,000,000 or a larger integral multiple
of $500,000, (y) may not exceed the principal amount of Bid Rate Loans for which offers were requested and (z) may be subject
to an aggregate limitation as to the principal amount of Bid Rate Loans for which offers being made by such quoting Bank may be accepted;

(iii) in
the case of a Term SOFR Auction, the margin above or below the applicable Term SOFR (the Term SOFR Bid Margin)
offered for each such Bid Rate Loan, expressed as a percentage per annum to be added to (or subtracted from) the applicable Term SOFR;

(iv) in
the case of an Absolute Rate Auction, the rate of interest, expressed as a percentage per annum (the Absolute Bid Rate),
offered for each such Absolute Bid Rate Loan;

(v) the
applicable Interest Period; and

(vi) the
identity of the quoting Bank.

A Bid Rate Quote may set forth up to three (3) separate
offers by the quoting Bank with respect to each Interest Period specified in the related Invitation for Bid Rate Quotes.

(3) Any
Bid Rate Quote shall be disregarded if it:

(i) is
not substantially in conformity with EXHIBIT G-3 or does not specify all of the information required by sub-paragraph (c)(2) above;

(ii) contains
qualifying, conditional or similar language (except for an aggregate limitation as provided in sub-paragraph (c)(2)(ii) above);

(iii) proposes
terms other than or in addition to those set forth in the applicable Invitation for Bid Rate Quotes; or

(iv) arrives
after the time set forth in sub-paragraph (c)(1) above.

-32-

(d) Administrative
Agent shall (x) not later than 3:00 p.m. on the fourth Banking Day prior to the proposed date of funding of the Term SOFR Bid
Rate Loan(s) in the case of a Term SOFR Auction or (y) not later than 10:30 a.m. on the Banking Day immediately preceding
the proposed date of funding of the Absolute Bid Rate Loan(s) in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction, notify Borrower in writing
of the terms of any Bid Rate Quote submitted by a Bank that is in accordance with paragraph (c). In addition, Administrative Agent shall,
on the Banking Day of its receipt thereof, notify Borrower in writing of any Bid Rate Quote that amends, modifies or is otherwise inconsistent
with a previous Bid Rate Quote submitted by such Bank with respect to the same Bid Rate Quote Request. Any such subsequent Bid Rate Quote
shall be disregarded by Administrative Agent unless such subsequent Bid Rate Quote is submitted solely to correct a manifest error in
such former Bid Rate Quote. Administrative Agents notice to Borrower shall specify (A) the aggregate principal amount of Bid
Rate Loans for which offers have been received for each Interest Period specified in the related Bid Rate Quote Request, (B) the
respective principal amounts, Term SOFR Bid Margins and Absolute Bid Rates so offered and (C) if applicable, limitations on the aggregate
principal amount of Bid Rate Loans for which offers in any single Bid Rate Quote may be accepted.

(e) Not
later than (x) 9:30 a.m. on the third Banking Day prior to the proposed date of funding of the Term SOFR Bid Rate Loan in the
case of a Term SOFR Auction or (y) 1:00 p.m. on the Banking Day immediately preceding the proposed date of funding of the Absolute
Bid Rate Loan in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction, Borrower shall notify Administrative Agent of its acceptance or non-acceptance
of the offers so notified to it pursuant to paragraph (d). If Borrower fails to notify Administrative Agent of its acceptance of such
offers, it shall be deemed to have rejected such offers. A notice of acceptance shall be substantially in the form of EXHIBIT G-4
and shall specify the aggregate principal amount of offers for each Interest Period that are accepted. Borrower may accept any Bid Rate
Quote in whole or in part; provided that:

(i) the
principal amount of each Bid Rate Loan may not exceed the applicable amount set forth in the related Bid Rate Quote Request or be less
than $500,000 per Bank and shall be an integral multiple of $100,000;

(ii) acceptance
of offers with respect to a particular Interest Period may only be made on the basis of ascending Term SOFR Bid Margins or Absolute Bid
Rates, as the case may be, offered for such Interest Period from the lowest effective cost; and

(iii) Borrower
may not accept any offer that is described in sub-paragraph (c)(3) or that otherwise fails to comply with the requirements of this
Agreement.

(f) If
offers are made by two (2) or more Banks with the same Term SOFR Bid Margins or Absolute Bid Rates, as the case may be, for a greater
aggregate principal amount than the amount in respect of which such offers are accepted for the related Interest Period, the principal
amount of Bid Rate Loans in respect of which such offers are accepted shall be allocated by Administrative Agent among such Banks as nearly
as possible (in multiples of $100,000, as Administrative Agent may deem appropriate) in proportion to the aggregate principal amounts
of such offers. Administrative Agent shall promptly (and in any event within one (1) Banking Day after such offers are accepted)
notify Borrower and each such Bank in writing of any such allocation of Bid Rate Loans. Determinations by Administrative Agent of the
allocation of Bid Rate Loans shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.

(g) In
the event that Borrower accepts the offer(s) contained in one (1) or more Bid Rate Quotes in accordance with paragraph (e),
the Bank(s) making such offer(s) shall make a Bid Rate Loan in the accepted amount (as allocated, if necessary, pursuant to
paragraph (f)) on the date specified therefor, in accordance with the procedures specified in Section 2.04, and such Bid Rate Loan
shall bear interest at the accepted Term SOFR Bid Rate or Absolute Bid Rate, as the case may be, for the applicable Interest Period.

-33-

(h) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, each Bank shall be required to fund its Pro Rata Share of the Available Total Loan Commitment
in accordance with Section 2.01(b) despite the fact that any Banks Loan Commitment may have been or may be exceeded as
a result of such Banks making Bid Rate Loans.

(i) A
Bank who is notified that it has been selected to make a Bid Rate Loan as provided above may designate its Designated Lender (if any)
to fund such Bid Rate Loan on its behalf, as described in Section 12.16. Any Designated Lender which funds a Bid Rate Loan shall
on and after the time of such funding become the obligee under such Bid Rate Loan and be entitled to receive payment thereof when due.
No Bank shall be relieved of its obligation to fund a Bid Rate Loan, and no Designated Lender shall assume such obligation, prior to the
time the applicable Bid Rate Loan is funded.

(j) Administrative
Agent shall promptly notify each Bank which submitted a Bid Rate Quote of Borrowers acceptance or non-acceptance thereof. At the
request of any Bank which submitted a Bid Rate Quote, Administrative Agent will promptly notify all Banks which submitted Bid Rate Quotes
of (a) the aggregate principal amount of, and (b) the range of Absolute Bid Rates or Term SOFR Bid Margins of, the accepted
Bid Rate Loans for each requested Interest Period.

Section 2.03 Advances,
Generally. The Initial Advance shall be in the minimum amount of $500,000 and in integral multiples of $100,000 above such
amount and shall be made upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.01. Subsequent advances shall be made upon satisfaction
of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. The amount of each advance subsequent to the Initial Advance shall be in the minimum
amount of $500,000 (unless less than $500,000 is available for disbursement pursuant to the terms hereof at the time of any subsequent
advance, in which case the amount of such subsequent advance shall be equal to such remaining availability) and in integral multiples
of $100,000 above such amount. Additional restrictions on the amounts and timing of, and conditions to the making of, advances of Bid
Rate Loans are set forth in Section 2.02.

Section 2.04 Procedures
for Advances. Advances of Ratable Loans hereunder may be requested by (A) telephone, or (B) a Ratable Loan Notice;
provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Ratable Loan Notice. Each
Ratable Loan Notice shall state the amount requested and certifying the purpose, in general terms, for which such advance is to be used,
no later than 12:00 p.m. (noon) on the date, (x) in the case of advances of Base Rate Loans and Daily SOFR Loans, which is the
same Banking Day as the advance is to be made, and (y), in the case of advances of Term SOFR Loans, which is three (3) Banking Days,
prior to the date the advance is to be made. In the case of advances of Bid Rate Loans hereunder, Borrower shall submit a Bid Rate Quote
Request at the time specified in Section 2.02, accompanied by a certification of the purpose, in general terms, for which the advance
is to be used. Administrative Agent, on the Banking Day of its receipt and approval of the request for advance, will so notify the Banks
either by telephone or by electronic mail. Not later than 11:00 a.m. (or 2:00 p.m. in the case of Base Rate Loans and Daily
SOFR Loans) on the date of each advance, each Bank (in the case of Ratable Loans) or the applicable Bank(s) (in the case of Bid Rate
Loans) shall, through its Applicable Lending Office and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, make the amount to be advanced by
it on such day available to Administrative Agent, at Administrative Agents Office and in immediately available funds for the account
of Borrower. The amount of the advance requested by the Borrower (or, if less, the portion of such requested amount that shall have been
paid to the Administrative Agent by the Banks in accordance with the terms hereof) shall, subject to the conditions of this Agreement,
be made available to Borrower, in immediately available funds, by Administrative Agents crediting an account of Borrower designated
by Borrower and maintained with Administrative Agent at Administrative Agents Office.

-34-

Unless the Administrative
Agent shall have received notice from a Bank prior to the proposed date of any Ratable Loan of Term SOFR Loans (or, in the case of any
Ratable Loan of Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Ratable Loan) that such Bank will not make
available to the Administrative Agent such Banks share of such Ratable Loan, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Bank
has made such share available on such date in accordance with the preceding paragraph (or, in the case of a Ratable Loan of Base Rate
Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, that such Bank has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by the preceding paragraph)
and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Bank has not in
fact made its share of the applicable Ratable Loan available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Bank and the Borrower severally
agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon,
for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative
Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Bank, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or
similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to
be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Bank shall pay such interest to the
Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of
such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Bank pays its share of the applicable Ratable Loan to the Administrative Agent,
then the amount so paid shall constitute such Banks Ratable Loan. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any
claim the Borrower may have against a Bank that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.

Section 2.05 Interest
Periods; Renewals. In the case of the Term SOFR Loans and Bid Rate Loans, Borrower shall select an Interest Period of any
duration in accordance with the definition of Interest Period in Section 1.01, subject to the following limitations: (1) no
Interest Period may extend beyond the Maturity Date; and (2) if an Interest Period would end on a day which is not a Banking Day,
such Interest Period shall be extended to the next Banking Day, unless such Banking Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which
event such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Banking Day. Only twenty (20) discrete segments of a Banks Ratable
Loan bearing interest at Term SOFR, for a designated Interest Period, pursuant to a particular Election, Conversion or Continuation, may
be outstanding at any one time (each such segment of each Banks Ratable Loan corresponding to a proportionate segment of each of
the other Banks Ratable Loans). Upon notice to Administrative Agent as provided in Section 2.14, Borrower may Continue any
Term SOFR Loan on the last day of the Interest Period of the same or different duration in accordance with the limitations provided above.
If Borrower shall fail to give notice to Administrative Agent of such a Continuation, such Term SOFR Loan shall automatically become a
Term SOFR Loan with an Interest Period of one (1) month on the last day of the current Interest Period. Administrative Agent shall
notify each of the Banks, either by telephone or by electronic mail, at least two (2) Banking Days prior to the termination of the
Interest Period in question in the event of such failure by Borrower to give such notice of Continuation. Any Daily SOFR Loans shall automatically
Continue as such on each successive day until the Borrower gives notice to Administrative Agent of the Conversion of such Loan to a Term
SOFR Loan or to a Base Rate Loan.

-35-

With respect to SOFR, Daily
SOFR or Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without
any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, with respect to any
such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower
and the Banks reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective.

Section 2.06 Interest.
Borrower shall pay interest to Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Bank on the outstanding and unpaid principal amount
of the Loans, at a rate per annum as follows: (1) for Base Rate Loans at a rate equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin;
(2) for Term SOFR Loans for each Interest Period at a rate equal to the applicable Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable
Margin; (3) for Daily SOFR Loans at a rate equal to Daily SOFR plus the Applicable Margin; (4) for Term SOFR Bid Rate Loans
at a rate equal to the applicable Term SOFR Bid Rate; and (5) for Absolute Bid Rate Loans at a rate equal to the applicable Absolute
Bid Rate. Any principal amount not paid when due (when scheduled, at acceleration or otherwise) shall bear interest thereafter, payable
on demand, at the Default Rate.

The interest rate on Base
Rate Loans shall change when the Base Rate changes and the interest rate on Daily SOFR Loans shall change when Daily SOFR changes. Interest
on Base Rate Loans, SOFR Loans and Bid Rate Loans shall not exceed the maximum amount permitted under applicable Law. Interest shall be
calculated for the actual number of days elapsed on the basis of, in the case of Base Rate Loans, three hundred sixty-five (365) or three
hundred sixty-six (366) days, as the case may be, and in the case of SOFR Loans and Bid Rate Loans, three hundred sixty (360) days. Interest
shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on
which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject
to Section 2.11, bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall
be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

Accrued interest shall be
due and payable in arrears upon and with respect to any payment or prepayment of principal and, (x) in the case of Base Rate Loans
and Daily SOFR Loans, on the first Banking Day of each calendar month and the Maturity Date, (y) in the case of Term SOFR Loans at
the expiration of the Interest Period applicable thereto, and if the Interest Period for such Term SOFR Loan exceeds three months, each
other date that falls every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period, and the Maturity Date and (z) in the case of
Bid Rate Loans, at the expiration of the Interest Period applicable thereto; provided, however, that interest accruing at the Default
Rate shall be due and payable on demand.

-36-

Section 2.07 Fees.

(a) Borrower
agrees to pay to and for the accounts of the parties specified therein, the fees provided for in the Fee Letters.

(b) Borrower
shall pay to Administrative Agent for the account of each Bank a facility fee computed on the daily Loan Commitment of such Bank (irrespective
of usage) at a rate per annum equal to the daily Facility Fee Rate, calculated on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty (360) days
for the actual number of days elapsed. The facility fee shall accrue for each calendar quarter (or portion thereof) and shall be due and
payable quarterly in arrears on the tenth (10th) day of October, January, April and July of each year, commencing on the first
such date after the Closing Date, and upon the Maturity Date (as stated or by acceleration or otherwise) or earlier termination of the
Loan Commitments.

Section 2.08 Notes.
At the request of such Bank, the Ratable Loan made by each Bank under this Agreement shall be evidenced by, and repaid with interest in
accordance with, a single promissory note of Borrower in the form of EXHIBIT B duly completed and executed by Borrower, in
the principal amount equal to such Banks Loan Commitment, payable to such Bank for the account of its Applicable Lending Office
(each such note, as the same may hereafter be amended, modified, extended, severed, assigned, renewed or restated from time to time, including
any new or substitute notes pursuant to Section 2.19, 3.07 or 12.05, a Ratable Loan Note). The Bid Rate
Loans of the Banks shall be evidenced by a single global promissory note of Borrower, in the form of EXHIBIT B-1, duly completed
and executed by Borrower, in the principal amount of the Bid Borrowing Limit, payable to Administrative Agent for the account of the respective
Banks making Bid Rate Loans (such note, as the same may hereafter be amended, modified, extended, severed, assigned, substituted, renewed
or restated from time to time, the Bid Rate Loan Note). A particular Banks Ratable Loan Note, together
with its interest, if any, in the Bid Rate Loan Note, are referred to collectively in this Agreement as such Banks Note;
all such Ratable Loan Notes and the Bid Rate Loan Note are referred to collectively in this Agreement as the Notes.
The Ratable Loans and the Ratable Loan Notes shall mature, and all outstanding principal of the Ratable Loans and accrued interest and
other sums thereunder shall be paid in full, on the Maturity Date, as the same may be accelerated. The outstanding principal amount of
each Bid Rate Loan evidenced by the Bid Rate Loan Note, and all accrued interest and other sums with respect thereto, shall become due
and payable to the Bank making such Bid Rate Loan at the earlier of the expiration of the Interest Period applicable thereto or the Maturity
Date, as the same may be accelerated.

Each Bank is hereby authorized
by Borrower to endorse on the schedule attached to the Ratable Loan Note held by it, the amount of each advance and each payment of principal
received by such Bank for the account of its Applicable Lending Office(s) on account of its Ratable Loan, which endorsement shall,
in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive as to the outstanding balance of the Ratable Loan made by such Bank. Administrative Agent
is hereby authorized by Borrower to endorse on the schedule attached to the Bid Rate Loan Note the amount of each Term SOFR Bid Rate Loan
and/or Absolute Bid Rate Loan, the name of the Bank making the same, the date of the advance thereof, the interest rate applicable thereto
and the expiration of the Interest Period applicable thereto (i.e., the maturity date thereof). The failure by Administrative Agent or
any Bank to make such notations with respect to the Loans or each advance or payment shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations
of Borrower under this Agreement or the Notes. In case of any loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any Banks Note, Borrower
shall, upon its receipt of an affidavit of an officer of such Bank as to such loss, theft, destruction or mutilation and an appropriate
indemnification, execute and deliver a replacement Note to such Bank in the same principal amount and otherwise of like tenor as the lost,
stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note.

-37-

Section 2.09 Prepayments.
Without prepayment premium or penalty but subject to Section 3.05, Borrower may, upon notice to Administrative Agent prior to 11:00
a.m. on the Banking Day of repayment in the case of the Base Rate Loans and Daily SOFR Loans, and at least three (3) Banking
Days notice to Administrative Agent (who shall provide such notice, promptly upon receipt, to each of the Banks) in the case of
Term SOFR Loans, prepay the Ratable Loans, provided that (1) any partial prepayment under this Section shall be in integral
multiples of $500,000; (2) a Term SOFR Loan may be prepaid at any time, subject, however, to the provisions of Section 3.05;
and (3) each prepayment under this Section shall include all interest accrued on the amount of principal prepaid through the
date of prepayment. Prepayment of Bid Rate Loans shall not be permitted.

Section 2.10 Cancellation
of Commitments.

(a) At
any time, Borrower shall have the right, without premium or penalty, to terminate any unused Loan Commitments (i.e., to terminate Loan
Commitments to the extent of the Available Total Loan Commitment), in whole or in part, from time to time, provided that: (1) Borrower
shall give notice of each such termination to Administrative Agent (who shall provide such notice, promptly upon receipt, to each of the
Banks) no later than 10:00 a.m. on the date which is fifteen (15) Banking Days prior to the effectiveness of such termination; (2) the
Loan Commitments of each of the Banks must be terminated ratably and simultaneously with those of the other Banks; (3) each partial
termination of the Loan Commitments, as a whole (and corresponding reduction of the Total Loan Commitment) shall be in an integral multiple
of $1,000,000 and (4) no partial cancellation of the Loan Commitments shall reduce the Total Loan Commitment to an amount below $200,000,000.

(b) The
Loan Commitments, to the extent terminated, may not be reinstated.

Section 2.11 Method
of Payment. All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction
for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Borrower shall make each payment under this Agreement and under the Notes not later
than 11:00 a.m. on the date when due in Dollars to Administrative Agent at Administrative Agents Office in immediately available
funds. Administrative Agent will thereafter, on the day of its receipt of each such payment, cause to be distributed to each Bank (1) such
Banks appropriate share determined pursuant to Section 10.15 of the payments of principal and interest in like funds for the
account of such Banks Applicable Lending Office; and (2) fees payable to such Bank in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
In the event Administrative Agent fails to pay funds received from Borrower to the Banks on the date on which Borrower is credited with
payment, Administrative Agent shall pay interest on such amounts at the Federal Funds Rate until such payment to the Banks is made. Borrower
hereby authorizes Administrative Agent and the Banks, if and to the extent payment by Borrower is not made when due under this Agreement
or under the Notes, to charge from time to time against any account Borrower maintains with Administrative Agent or any Bank any amount
so due to Administrative Agent and/or the Banks. Except to the extent provided in this Agreement, whenever any payment to be made under
this Agreement or under the Notes is due on any day other than a Banking Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Banking
Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of the payment of interest and other fees, as the case
may be.

-38-

Unless the Administrative
Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account
of the Banks or any Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the
Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Banks
or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due.

Section 2.12 Elections,
Conversions or Continuation of Loans. Subject to the provisions of Article III and Sections 2.05 and 2.13, Borrower
shall have the right to Elect to have all or a portion of any advance of the Ratable Loans be Base Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans or Daily
SOFR Loans, to Convert Ratable Loans of one Type to Ratable Loans of another Type, or to Continue Term SOFR Loans as Term SOFR Loans,
at any time or from time to time, provided that (1) Borrower shall give Administrative Agent notice of each such Election, Conversion
or Continuation as provided in Section 2.14; and (2) a Term SOFR Loan may be Converted or Continued only on the last day of
the applicable Interest Period for such Term SOFR Loan. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Election, Continuation and
Conversion shall be applicable to each Banks Ratable Loan in accordance with its Pro Rata Share.

Section 2.13 Minimum
Amounts. With respect to the Ratable Loans as a whole, each Election and each Conversion shall be in an amount at least
equal to $500,000 and in integral multiples of $100,000.

Section 2.14 Certain
Notices Regarding Elections, Conversions and Continuations of Loans. Notices by Borrower to Administrative Agent of Elections,
Conversions and Continuations of Ratable Loans shall be irrevocable, may be given by (A) telephone, or (B) a Ratable Loan Notice
(provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Ratable Loan Notice) and
shall be effective only if received by Administrative Agent not later than 10:30 a.m. on the number of Banking Days prior to the
date of the relevant Election, Conversion or Continuation specified below:

Number of Banking
Days Prior Notice

Conversions of Daily SOFR Loans into Base Rate Loans or Conversions of Base Rate Loans into Daily SOFR Loans same Banking Day

Conversions of Term SOFR Loans into Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans three (3)

Elections
of, Conversions into or Continuations as, Term SOFR Loans three (3)

; provided, however, that notwithstanding
the foregoing, advances of Ratable Loans shall be governed by Section 2.04. Promptly following its receipt of any such notice, and
no later than the close of business on the Banking Day of such receipt, Administrative Agent shall so advise the Banks either by telephone
or by electronic mail. Each such notice of Election shall specify the portion of the amount of the advance that is to be Term SOFR Loans
(subject to Section 2.13) and the duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto (subject to Section 2.05); each such notice
of Conversion shall specify the Term SOFR Loans, Daily SOFR Loans or Base Rate Loans to be Converted; and each such notice of Conversion
or Continuation shall specify the date of Conversion or Continuation (which shall be a Banking Day), the amount thereof (subject to Section 2.13)
and the duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto (subject to Section 2.05). In the event that Borrower fails to Elect to
have any portion of an advance of the Ratable Loans be Term SOFR Loans, the entire amount of such advance shall constitute Base Rate Loans.
In the event that Borrower fails to Continue Term SOFR Loans within the time period and as otherwise provided in this Section, such Term
SOFR Loans will automatically become Term SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one (1) month on the last day of the then current
applicable Interest Period for such Term SOFR Loans. Administrative Agent shall notify each of the Banks, either by telephone or by electronic
mail, at least two (2) Banking Days prior to the termination of the Interest Period in question in the event of such failure by Borrower.

-39-

Section 2.15 Late
Payment Premium. Borrower shall, at Administrative Agents option or if directed by the Required Banks and upon notice
to Borrower, pay to Administrative Agent for the account of the Banks a late payment premium in the amount of 4% of any payments of interest
under the Loans made more than ten (10) days after the due date thereof, which shall be due with any such late payment.

Section 2.16 Letters
of Credit.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Section 2.16, Borrower, by notice to Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, may request,
in lieu of advances of proceeds of the Ratable Loans, that the Issuing Bank issue unconditional, irrevocable standby letters of credit
or direct-pay letters of credit (each, a Letter of Credit) for the account of Borrower or its Consolidated
Businesses, payable by sight drafts, for such beneficiaries and with such other terms as Borrower shall specify and in such form as is
acceptable to Issuing Bank in its reasonable discretion. Promptly upon receipt of notice from the Issuing Bank of the issuance, amendment
or extension of a Letter of Credit, Administrative Agent shall notify each of the Banks. The letters of credit listed on Schedule 2.16
attached hereto that were issued or deemed issued under the 2022 Credit Agreement (the Existing Letters of Credit),
shall be deemed to be Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement for all purposes, and each of the Borrower and the Banks confirms
and agrees that its respective obligations with respect to the Existing Letters of Credit shall be governed by this Agreement. The Borrower
unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that, in connection with any Letter of Credit issued for the account of any Consolidated Business
as provided in the first sentence of this paragraph, it will be fully responsible for the reimbursement of drawings under such Letters
of Credit, the payment of interest thereon and the payment of fees due under Section 2.07 to the same extent as if it were the sole
account party in respect of such Letter of Credit.

(b) The
amount of any Letter of Credit shall be limited to the lesser of (x) $125,000,000 less the aggregate amount of all Letters of Credit
theretofore issued and outstanding or (y) the Available Total Loan Commitment, it being understood that the amount of each Letter
of Credit issued and outstanding shall effect a reduction, by an equal amount, of the Available Total Loan Commitment (such reduction
to be allocated to each Banks Loan Commitment ratably in accordance with the Banks respective Pro Rata Shares); provided
that no Issuing Bank shall be obligated to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit that will cause (x) the aggregate amount of
all Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank plus the aggregate amount of all unreimbursed drawings owing to such Issuing Bank to
exceed its Issuing Bank Commitment Amount or (y) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Bank to exceed its Loan Commitment.

-40-

(c) The
amount of each Letter of Credit shall be in minimum amounts of $10,000. Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the
case may be, upon the written request of the Borrower signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and delivered to the Issuing Bank
(with a copy to the Administrative Agent) (which may be transmitted by electronic communication if arrangements for doing so have been
approved by such Issuing Bank). Such request must be received by the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at
least two Banking Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank may agree in a particular instance
in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an
initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such request shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the Issuing Bank: (A) the proposed
issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Banking Day); (B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date
thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case
of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder;
(G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit; (H) the identity of the proposed Issuing Bank, it being agreed
by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks that the Letters of Credit will be issued by the Issuing Banks on a proportionate
basis to the extent practicable and (I) such other matters as the Issuing Bank may require. In the case of a request for an amendment
of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such request shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the Issuing Bank (A) the Letter
of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Banking Day); (C) the nature of the proposed
amendment; and (D) such other matters as the Issuing Bank may require. Unless the Issuing Bank has received written notice from any
Bank, the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, at least one Banking Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable
Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied, then, subject
to the terms and conditions hereof, the Issuing Bank shall, on the requested date, issue the requested Letter of Credit or the requested
amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with the Issuing Banks usual and customary business practices. Immediately
upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Bank shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase
from the Issuing Bank a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Banks Pro Rata Share
times the amount of such Letter of Credit.

(d) Each
Letter of Credit shall expire no later than fifteen (15) days prior to the Maturity Date, but may have an automatic extension clause (an
Auto-Extension Letter of Credit) allowing for the extension of the expiration date thereof if a notice of
non-extension is not given from the Issuing Bank to the Letter of Credit beneficiary by a specified date within a twelve-month period.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if requested by the Borrower, the Issuing Bank shall issue a Letter of Credit
with and/or not give notice of non-extension of an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit to Letter of Credit beneficiaries which would result
in, an expiration date that is up to one (1) year after the Maturity Date, provided that no later than forty-five (45) days prior
to the Maturity Date, the Borrower provides a cash deposit in the full amount available to be drawn under all Letters of Credit with expiration
dates after the Maturity Date and all Auto-Extension Letters of Credit for which the Issuing Bank has not given a notice of non-extension
to the Letter of Credit beneficiary. Any such additional Cash Collateral shall be held by the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of
the Banks, in accordance with the terms of Section 2.16(h).

-41-

(e) In
connection with, and as a further condition to the issuance of, each Letter of Credit, Borrower shall execute and deliver to Administrative
Agent and the Issuing Bank an application and reimbursement agreement (if applicable) for the Letter of Credit on the Issuing Banks
standard form therefor, together with such other documents, opinions and assurances as Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank shall
reasonably require. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions
of any form of letter of credit application and reimbursement agreement (if applicable) or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to,
or entered into by the Borrower with, the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, as among the parties hereto, the terms and conditions
of this Agreement shall control.

(f) In
connection with each Letter of Credit, Borrower hereby covenants to pay to Administrative Agent the following fees: (1) a fee, payable
quarterly in arrears (on the first Banking Day of each calendar quarter following the issuance of the Letter of Credit), for the account
of the Banks, computed daily on the amount of the Letter of Credit issued and outstanding at a rate per annum equal to the Banks
L/C Fee Rate (as hereinafter defined) (provided, however, any letter of credit fees otherwise payable for the account
of a Defaulting Lender with respect to any Letter of Credit as to which such Defaulting Lender has not provided Cash Collateral satisfactory
to the Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section 2.16 shall be payable, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable Law, to
the other Banks in accordance with the upward adjustments in their respective Pro Rata Shares allocable to such Letter of Credit pursuant
to Section 2.20(a)(iv), with the balance of such fee, if any, payable to the Issuing Bank for its own account), and (2) a fronting
fee, payable quarterly in arrears (on the last day of each calendar quarter following the issuance of the Letter of Credit), for the Issuing
Banks account, computed daily on the amount of the Letter of Credit issued and outstanding, at a rate per annum equal to 0.125%.
In addition to the fees described in the preceding sentence, the Borrower shall pay to the Issuing Bank such other customary letter of
credit charges when incurred. For purposes of this Agreement, the Banks L/C Fee Rate shall mean, at
any time, a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin for SOFR Loans less 0.075% per annum. It is understood and agreed that (i) the
amount of a Letter of Credit for purposes of calculating the fees in accordance with this Section 2.16(f) shall be deemed to
be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit (without regard for any increases in the stated amount thereof), and (ii) the last
installment of the fees provided for in this paragraph (f) with respect to any particular Letter of Credit shall be due and payable
on the first day of the calendar quarter following the return, undrawn, or cancellation of such Letter of Credit to the Issuing Bank,
who shall promptly provide notice to Administrative Agent of such return or cancellation, and Borrowers receipt of notice from
Administrative Agent.

-42-

(g) Upon
any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank shall immediately provide notice to the Borrower and Administrative Agent of such
drawing. The Borrower shall reimburse the Issuing Bank on the date of any drawing under a Letter of Credit. Such reimbursement shall be
made with the proceeds of an advance of Loans as set forth below unless such advance cannot for any reason be made. The parties hereto
acknowledge and agree that, immediately upon notice from Administrative Agent of any drawing under a Letter of Credit, each Bank shall,
notwithstanding the existence of a Default or Event of Default or the non-satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the making of an
advance of the Loans, advance proceeds of its Ratable Loan, in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of such drawing, which advance shall
be made to Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Bank to reimburse the Issuing Bank for such drawing. Each of the Banks
further acknowledges that its obligation to fund its Pro Rata Share of drawings under Letters of Credit as aforesaid shall survive the
Banks termination of this Agreement or enforcement of remedies hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. In the event that any
Ratable Loan cannot for any reason be made on the date otherwise required above (including, without limitation, as a result of the commencement
of a proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency Law with respect to Borrower), then (x) such unreimbursed drawing shall
bear interest at the Default Rate and shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and (y) each Bank shall purchase
(on or as of the date such Ratable Loan would otherwise have been made) from the Issuing Bank a participation interest in any unreimbursed
drawing in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of such unreimbursed drawing. Until each Bank funds its Pro Rata Share to the
Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Banks
Pro Rata Share of such amount shall be solely for the account of the Issuing Bank. Each Banks obligation to reimburse the Issuing
Bank for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this paragraph, shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be
affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Bank may have
against the Issuing Bank, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default
or an Event of Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. No purchase
by a Bank of a participation interest in an unreimbursed drawing shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse
the Issuing Bank for the amount of any payment made by the Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided
herein. If any Bank fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Bank any amount required to be
paid by such Bank pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement,
the Issuing Bank shall be entitled to recover from such Bank (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest
thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Issuing
Bank at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Issuing Bank in accordance with banking
industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Issuing
Bank in connection with the foregoing. If such Bank pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute
such Banks participation in such unreimbursed drawing. A certificate of the Issuing Bank submitted to any Bank (through the Administrative
Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this paragraph shall be conclusive absent manifest error. At any time after the Issuing
Bank has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Bank such Banks Pro Rata Share in respect of such
payment in accordance with this paragraph, if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of the Issuing Bank any payment in respect
of the related unreimbursed drawing or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral
applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Bank its Pro Rata Share thereof in the
same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent.

-43-

(h) Borrower
agrees, (x) upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and at the written request of Administrative Agent or (y) if required
by Section 2.16(d), (1) to deposit with Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Issuing Bank and the Banks cash collateral
in the amount of all the outstanding Letters of Credit as applicable to (x) or (y) above (Cash Collateral),
which Cash Collateral shall be held by Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Issuing Bank and the Banks as security for Borrowers
obligations in connection with the Letters of Credit and (2) to execute and deliver to Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank
such documents as Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank reasonably requests to confirm and perfect the assignment of such Cash Collateral
to Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Issuing Bank and the Banks. In addition, at any time that there shall exist a Defaulting
Lender, immediately upon the request of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative
Agent Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to cover all Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.20(a)(iv) and
any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender). All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject
to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, interest bearing deposit accounts at Administrative Agent and invested solely in Permitted
Investments. The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Bank, such Bank, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative
Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Banks, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security
interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto,
and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied as set forth below.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided hereunder in respect of Letters of Credit
shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided. Cash Collateral
(or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the
elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender
status of the applicable Bank) or (ii) the Administrative Agents good faith determination that there exists excess Cash Collateral;
provided, however, that such Cash Collateral furnished by the Borrower to reduce Fronting Exposure shall not be released if the
Borrower is required to deposit Cash Collateral in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 2.16(h).

(i) The
Issuing Bank shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:

(1) any
order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Issuing Bank
from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force
of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that the Issuing Bank refrain
from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank with respect
to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder)
not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable
on the Closing Date and which the Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it;

-44-

(2) the
issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally;

(3) such
Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars; or

(4) any
Bank is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless the Issuing Bank has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral,
satisfactory to the Issuing Bank (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Bank to eliminate the Issuing Banks actual
or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.20(a)(iv)) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising
from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which the Issuing
Bank has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion.

(j) The
obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the Issuing Bank for each drawing under each Letter of Credit shall be absolute, unconditional
and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following:

(i) any
lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document;

(ii) the
existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any Consolidated Business may have at any time
against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee
may be acting), the Issuing Bank or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby
or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction;

(iii) any
draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient
in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise
of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit;

(iv) waiver
by any Issuing Bank of any requirement that exists for such Issuing Banks protection and not the protection of the Borrower or
any waiver by such Issuing Bank which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrower;

-45-

(v) honor
of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit required that demand be in the form of a draft;

(vi) any
payment made by any Issuing Bank in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of,
or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC,
the ISP or the UCP, as applicable;

(vii) any
payment by the Issuing Bank under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not comply with the terms
of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the Issuing Bank under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee
in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor
to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor
Relief Law; or

(viii) any
other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might
otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower or any Consolidated Business.

The Borrower shall
promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of
noncompliance with the Borrowers instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will immediately notify the Issuing Bank. The
Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the Issuing Bank and its correspondents unless such notice
is given as aforesaid.

(k) Each
Bank and the Borrower agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank shall not have any responsibility to
obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain
or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document.
None of the Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties or any correspondent, participant or assignee
of the Issuing Bank shall be liable to any Bank for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with
the approval of the Banks or the Required Banks, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence
or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment; or (iii) the due
execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby
assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided,
however, that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrowers pursuing such rights and remedies
as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the Issuing Bank, the Administrative
Agent, any Bank, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the Issuing Bank shall be liable
or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (v) of Section 2.16(j); provided,
however, that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against the Issuing Bank,
and the Issuing Bank may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential
or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves in a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent
jurisdiction were caused by the Issuing Banks willful misconduct or gross negligence or the Issuing Banks willful failure
to pay under any Letter of Credit (other than any willful failure that is the result of any order of any court or other Governmental Authority)
after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions
of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Issuing Bank may accept documents that appear on their
face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and the
Issuing Bank shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer
or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid
or ineffective for any reason.

-46-

None of the Administrative
Agent, the Banks, the Issuing Bank, or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection
with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit by the Issuing Bank or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective
of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission
or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to
make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes
beyond the control of the Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Issuing Bank from liability
to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived
by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable Law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by the Issuing Banks failure
to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof.
The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Bank (as
finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination.

Without limiting
the foregoing, none of the Administrative Agent, the Banks, the Issuing Bank, or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability
or responsibility by reason of (i) any presentation that includes forged or fraudulent documents or that is otherwise affected by
the fraudulent, bad faith, or illegal conduct of the beneficiary or other Person, (ii) the Issuing Bank declining to take-up documents
and make payment (A) against documents that are fraudulent, forged, or for other reasons by which that it is entitled not to honor
or (B) following a Borrowers waiver of discrepancies with respect to such documents or request for honor of such documents
or (iii) the Issuing Bank retaining proceeds of a Letter of Credit based on an apparently applicable attachment order, blocking regulation,
or third-party claim notified to the Issuing Bank.

-47-

(l) Unless
otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank shall, in addition to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere
in this Section, provide the Administrative Agent a letter of credit report, as set forth below:

(i) reasonably
prior to the time that such Issuing Bank issues, amends, renews, increases or extends a Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment,
renewal, increase or extension and the stated amount of the applicable Letters of Credit after giving effect to such issuance, amendment,
renewal or extension (and whether the amounts thereof shall have changed);

(ii) on
each Banking Day on which such Issuing Bank makes a payment pursuant to a Letter of Credit, the date and amount of such payment;

(iii) on
any Banking Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse a payment made pursuant to a Letter of Credit required to be reimbursed to such
Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such payment;

(iv) on
any other Banking Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit issued
by such Issuing Bank; and

(v) for
so long as any Letter of Credit issued by an Issuing Bank is outstanding, such Issuing Bank shall deliver to the Administrative Agent
(A) on the last Banking Day of each calendar month, (B) at all other times a letter of credit report is required to be delivered
pursuant to this Agreement, and (C) on each date that (1) a Letter of Credit is issued, extended or increased, or (2) there
is any expiration, cancellation and/or disbursement, in each case, with respect to any such Letter of Credit, a letter of credit report
appropriately completed with the information for every outstanding Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank.

(m) Unless
otherwise expressly agreed by the Issuing Bank and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued by it, (i) the rules of the
ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the UCP shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuing Bank shall not be responsible to the Borrower for, and the Issuing Banks rights and
remedies against the Borrower shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of the Issuing Bank required or permitted under any law,
order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order
of a jurisdiction where the Issuing Bank or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or UCP, as applicable, or in the
decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and
Trade International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice,
whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice.

(n) The
Issuing Bank shall act on behalf of the Banks with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith,
and the Issuing Bank shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article X with
respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the Issuing Bank in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be
issued by it as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Article X included the Issuing Bank with respect
to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the Issuing Bank.

-48-

(o) Any
Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement between the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank
and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Banks of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time
any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank
pursuant to Section 2.16(f). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank
shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by it
thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to include such successor or any previous
Issuing Bank, or such successor and all previous Issuing Bank, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank
hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing
Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue
additional Letters of Credit.

(p) Notwithstanding
that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the
Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for any and all drawings under
such Letter of Credit as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Borrower. The Borrower irrevocably waives
any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary
in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries
inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrowers business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such
Subsidiaries.

Section 2.17 [Reserved].

Section 2.18 [Reserved].

Section 2.19 Additional
Loan Commitments.

(a) Borrower
may, from time to time request the Banks to increase their Loan Commitments, so as to increase the Total Loan Commitment to an amount
no greater than the sum of (1) the Accordion Amount plus (2) $2,500,000,000 less (3) the amount of any reduction of the
Total Loan Commitment pursuant to Section 2.10. The increase in the Total Loan Commitment pursuant to any such particular request
shall be at least an amount (the Minimum Request) equal to the lesser of (x) $50,000,000 or (y) the
Accordion Amount less all previous increases in the Total Loan Commitment pursuant to this Section. Borrower shall make each such request
by giving notice to Administrative Agent and Syndication Agents, which notice shall set forth the amount (which shall be no less than
the Minimum Request) of the requested increase in the Total Loan Commitment (the Requested Increase) and such
other details with respect to such increase as Administrative Agent and Syndication Agents shall reasonably request. Upon receipt of such
notice, Administrative Agent shall promptly send a copy of such notice to each Bank. Administrative Agent, Syndication Agents and/or their
Affiliates will use commercially reasonable efforts, with the assistance of Borrower, to arrange a syndicate of Banks with Loan Commitments
(including the then-existing Loan Commitments) aggregating the then existing Total Loan Commitment plus the Requested Increase. Any
Bank that is a party to this Agreement prior to such Requested Increase, at its sole discretion, may elect to increase its Loan Commitment
but shall not have any obligation to so increase its Loan Commitment. In the event that each Bank does not elect to increase its Loan
Commitment, Administrative Agent, Syndication Agents and/or their Affiliates shall use commercially reasonable efforts to locate additional
lenders willing to hold commitments for the Requested Increase, subject to the approval of any such proposed lender by the Borrower, and
the Borrower may also identify additional lenders willing to hold commitments for the Requested Increase, provided that the Administrative
Agent shall have the right to approve any such additional lender, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

-49-

(b) In
connection with increases to the Loan Commitments of some or all of the Banks as provided in paragraph (a) above, Borrower shall,
at the request of the applicable Bank, execute supplemental Ratable Loan Notes (the Supplemental Notes) evidencing
such increases, as well as such other confirmatory modifications to this Agreement as Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. In
connection with the addition of lenders as a result of solicitations by Administrative Agent and Syndication Agents pursuant to paragraph
(a) above (New Banks), Borrower, Administrative Agent and each New Bank shall execute an acceptance letter
in the form of EXHIBIT H (the Acceptance Letter), Borrower shall execute a Ratable Loan Note to
each New Bank in the amount of the New Banks Loan Commitment (a New Note) and Borrower and Administrative
Agent (with the consent of only the New Banks and those Banks increasing their Loan Commitments) shall execute such confirmatory modifications
to this Agreement as Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, whereupon the New Bank shall become, and have the rights and obligations
of, a Bank, with a Loan Commitment in the amount set forth in such Acceptance Letter. The Banks shall have no right of approval
with respect to a New Banks becoming a Bank or the amount of its Loan Commitment, provided, however, that Administrative Agent
and Syndication Agents shall have such right of approval, not to be unreasonably withheld. Each Supplemental Note and New Note shall constitute
Ratable Loan Notes for all purposes of this Agreement.

(c) If
at the time a New Bank becomes a Bank (or a Bank increases its Loan Commitment) pursuant to this Section there is any principal outstanding
under the Ratable Loan Notes of the previously admitted Banks (the Existing Banks), such New Bank (or Bank
increasing its Loan Commitment) shall remit to Administrative Agent an amount equal to the Outstanding Percentage (as defined below) multiplied
by the Loan Commitment of the New Bank (or the amount of the increase in the Loan Commitment of a Bank increasing its Loan Commitment),
which amount shall be deemed advanced under the Ratable Loan of the New Bank (or the Bank increasing its Loan Commitment). Administrative
Agent shall pay such amount to the Existing Banks in accordance with the Existing Banks respective Pro Rata Shares (as calculated
immediately prior to the admission of the New Bank (or the increase in a Banks Loan Commitment)), and such payment shall effect
an automatic reduction of the outstanding principal balance under the respective Ratable Loan Notes of the Existing Banks. For purposes
of this Section, the term Outstanding Percentage means the ratio of (i) the aggregate outstanding principal
amount under the Ratable Notes of the Existing Banks, immediately prior to the admission of the New Bank (or the increase in the Loan
Commitment of a Bank), to (ii) the aggregate of the Loan Commitments of the Existing Banks (as increased pursuant to this Section,
if applicable) and the New Bank.

-50-

(d) The
fees payable by the Borrower upon any increase of the Loan Commitments shall be agreed upon by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent,
the Syndication Agents, the New Banks and those Banks increasing their Loan Commitments. Nothing in this Section 2.19 shall constitute
or be deemed to constitute an agreement or commitment by any Bank to increase its Loan Commitment hereunder.

Section 2.20 Defaulting
Lenders. (a) Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Bank becomes a
Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Bank is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:

(i) Waivers
and Amendments. That Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this
Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Banks and Section 12.02.

(ii) Reallocation
of Payments. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that
Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article IX or otherwise, and including any amounts made
available to the Administrative Agent by that Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 12.08), shall be applied at such time or times
as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender
to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender
to the Issuing Bank hereunder; third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent or requested by the Issuing Bank, to be held
as Cash Collateral for future funding obligations of that Defaulting Lender of any participation in any Letter of Credit; fourth,
as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting
Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth,
as the Borrower may request, to the release of Cash Collateral to the Borrower to the extent permitted by the last sentence of Section 2.16(h);
sixth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and
released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement; seventh, to the payment
of any amounts owing to the Banks or the Issuing Bank as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any
Bank or the Issuing Bank against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under
this Agreement; eighth, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as
a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that
Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and ninth, to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise
directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any
Loans or participations in Letters of Credit in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and
(y) such Loans or participations in Letters of Credit were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were
satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and participations in Letters of Credit owed to, all non-Defaulting
Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or participations in Letters of Credit owed to, that
Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay
amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.20(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to
and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Bank irrevocably consents thereto.

-51-

(iii) Certain
Fees. That Defaulting Lender (x) shall be entitled to receive any facility fee pursuant to Section 2.07(b) for any
period during which that Bank is a Defaulting Lender only to extent allocable to the sum of (1) the outstanding principal amount
of the Loans funded by it and (2) its Pro Rata Share of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral
pursuant to Section 2.16 or Section 2.20(a)(ii), as applicable (and the Borrower shall (A) be required to pay to each of
the Issuing Bank, the amount of such fee allocable to its Fronting Exposure arising from that Defaulting Lender and (B) not be required
to pay the remaining amount of such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender) and (y) shall
be limited in its right to receive Letter of Credit fees as provided in Section 2.16(f).

(iv) Reallocation
of Pro Rata Shares to Reduce Fronting Exposure.

(A) During
any period in which there is a Defaulting Lender, for purposes of computing the amount of the obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender
to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit pursuant to Sections 2.16, the Pro Rata Share of each
non-Defaulting Lender shall be computed without giving effect to the Loan Commitment of that Defaulting Lender; provided, that,
(i) each such reallocation shall be given effect only if, at the date the applicable Bank becomes a Defaulting Lender, the conditions
set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower shall have otherwise notified
the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrower shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied
at such time); and (ii) the aggregate obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters
of Credit shall not exceed the positive difference, if any, of (1) the Loan Commitment of that non-Defaulting Lender minus
(2) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans of that Bank.

(B) If
such reallocation cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within five (5) Banking Days following notice by
the Administrative Agent, Cash Collateralize for the benefit of the Issuing Bank only the Borrowers obligations corresponding to
the Fronting Exposure of the Issuing Bank with respect to Letters of Credit (after giving effect to any partial reallocation described
above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.16(h) for so long as such Fronting Exposure is outstanding.

(C) So
long as such Bank is a Defaulting Lender, the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless
it is satisfied that the related Fronting Exposure will be 100% covered by the Loan Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or Cash
Collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.16(h) and/or Section 2.20(a)(iv), and participating
interests in any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with
the above provisions (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein).

-52-

(b) Defaulting
Lender Cure. If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank agree in writing in their sole discretion that a Defaulting
Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as
of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect
to any Cash Collateral), that Bank will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Banks
or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Ratable Loans and funded and unfunded
participations in Letters of Credit to be held on a pro rata basis by the Banks in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares (without giving
effect to Section 2.20(a)(iv)), whereupon that Bank will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will
be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Bank was a Defaulting Lender;
and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder
from Defaulting Lender to Bank will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Banks
having been a Defaulting Lender.

Section 2.21 Sustainability
Adjustments Amendment.

(a) Prior
to August 26, 2025 (the ESG Amendment Deadline), the Borrower, in consultation with the Sustainability
Structuring Agent (as defined below), may in its sole discretion seek to establish specified key performance indicators with respect to
certain environmental, social and governance (ESG) goals of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (such indicators
or ratings, KPI Metrics) and thresholds or targets with respect thereto (in either case, such thresholds or
targets, SPTs) for the calendar years 2025 through 2029, which the Borrower shall confirm are aligned to the
SLL Principles (as defined below). The Borrower (acting reasonably and in consultation with the Administrative Agent and the Sustainability
Structuring Agent) may propose an amendment to this Agreement (such amendment, an ESG Amendment) solely for
the purpose of incorporating the KPI Metrics, the SPTs and other related provisions (the ESG Pricing Provisions)
into this Agreement. Any such ESG Amendment shall become effective upon (i) receipt by the Banks of a lender presentation in regard
to the KPI Metrics and SPTs from the Borrower no later than five (5) Banking Days before the proposed effective date of such proposed
ESG Amendment, (ii) the posting of such proposed ESG Amendment to all Banks and the Borrower, (iii) the identification, and
engagement at the Borrowers cost and expense, of a sustainability assurance provider, which shall be a qualified external reviewer
of nationally recognized standing, independent of the Borrower and its Affiliates and (iv) the receipt by the Administrative Agent
of executed signature pages and consents to such ESG Amendment from the Borrower, the Sustainability Structuring Agent, the Administrative
Agent and Banks comprising at least the Required Banks. Upon the effectiveness of any such ESG Amendment, based on the Borrowers
performance against the KPI Metrics and SPTs, certain adjustments (increase, decrease or no adjustment) (such adjustments, the ESG
Applicable Margin Adjustments) to the otherwise applicable Applicable Margin (and/or the Facility Fee Rate) may be made;
provided that (A) the amount of any such adjustments made pursuant to an ESG Amendment shall not result in a decrease or an increase
of more than (a) 0.005% in the Facility Fee Rate and/or (b) 0.02% in the Applicable Margin for SOFR Loans or Base Rate Loans
during any calendar year, which pricing adjustments shall be applied in accordance with the terms as further described in the ESG Pricing
Provisions (the provisions of this proviso, the Sustainability Adjustment Limitations) and (B) in no
event shall the Applicable Margin or Facility Fee Rate be less than zero. For the avoidance of doubt, the ESG Applicable Margin Adjustments
shall not be cumulative year-over-year and shall only apply until the date on which the next adjustment is due to take place. The KPI
Metrics, the Borrowers performance against the KPI Metrics, and any related ESG Applicable Margin Adjustments resulting therefrom,
will be determined based on certain Borrower certificates, reports and other documents, in each case, setting forth the KPI Metrics in
a manner that is aligned with the Sustainability Linked Loan Principles (as last published in March 2025 by the Loan Market Association,
Asia Pacific Loan Market Association and Loan Syndications & Trading Association, and as further amended, revised or updated
from time to time, the SLL Principles), including with respect to the selection, setting, calculation, certification
and measurement thereof. Following the effectiveness of an ESG Amendment, any modification to the ESG Pricing Provisions shall be subject
only to the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Banks so long as such modification does not have the effect
of (1) increasing or decreasing the Sustainability Adjustment Limitations set forth in the ESG Amendment or (2) reducing the
Applicable Margin or the Facility Fee Rate to less than zero. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Borrower to provide any reports
with respect to KPI Metrics prior to the effectiveness of an ESG Amendment. As used herein, Sustainability Structuring Agent
means Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (or any successor entity appointed to such role in accordance with Section 10.08(b)) with respect
to the ESG Amendment.

-53-

(b) Each
party to this Agreement hereby agrees that the credit facility described in this Agreement shall cease to be a sustainability-linked loan
if an ESG Amendment has not become effective on or prior to the ESG Amendment Deadline. Until the ESG Amendment has become effective,
no party to this Agreement shall be entitled to represent in any internal or external communication, marketing or publication that the
credit facility described in this Agreement has been classified as a sustainability-linked credit facility, except to the extent that
sustainability-linked adjustments are in effect pursuant to Section 2.21(d).

(c) Other
than with respect to any ESG Amendment (i) increasing or decreasing the Sustainability Adjustment Limitations or (ii) reducing
the Applicable Margin or Facility Fee Rate to less than zero (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be subject to the written consent
of each Bank affected thereby in accordance with Section 12.02), this Section 2.21 shall supersede any other clause
or provision in Section 12.02 to the contrary, including any provision of Section 12.02 requiring the consent of each
Bank affected thereby for reductions in interest rates or fees payable hereunder.

(d) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the provisions of Section 2.21 of the 2022 Credit Agreement (including the definitions from the 2022 Credit Agreement
used therein) and Section 6.09(13) of the 2022 Credit Agreement shall continue to apply to this Agreement from the Closing Date through
August 26, 2025, including any Sustainability Rate Adjustment and any Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment under and as defined
in the 2022 Credit Agreement resulting from (i) the Pricing Certificate (as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement) most recently delivered
under the 2022 Credit Agreement prior to the Closing Date and (ii) any Pricing Certificate delivered under the 2022 Credit Agreement
after the Closing Date and on or prior to August 26, 2025, and the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and Sustainability Facility Fee
Adjustment pursuant to such Pricing Certificates shall be effective for the Applicable Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Period (as defined
in the 2022 Credit Agreement) for such Pricing Certificate; provided that if the Pricing Certificate described in clause (ii) above
is delivered, the provisions of Section 2.21 of the 2022 Credit Agreement (including the definitions from the 2022 Credit Agreement
used therein) shall remain effective after August 26, 2025 until the end of the Applicable Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Period
for such Pricing Certificate so long as an ESG Amendment has also become effective prior to the ESG Amendment Deadline.

-54-

Article III

YIELD
PROTECTION; ILLEGALITY, ETC.

Section 3.01 Additional
Costs. Borrower shall pay directly to each Bank and Issuing Bank from time to time on demand such amounts as may be necessary
to compensate it for any increased costs incurred by it or reduction of the amount received or receivable by it which are attributable
to its making, Converting, Continuing or maintaining any Loan, or its obligation to make, Convert, Continue or maintain a Loan, or its
obligation to issue, maintain or participate in any Letter of Credit, or any reduction in any amount receivable by such Bank hereunder
in respect of any Loan or such obligations (such increases in costs and reductions in amounts receivable being herein called Additional
Costs), in each case resulting from any Regulatory Change which:

(1) subject
any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the
definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other
obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or

(2) imposes
or modifies any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, deposit insurance or assessment, minimum capital, capital ratio or similar
requirements relating to any extensions of credit or other assets of, or any deposits with or other liabilities of, such Bank, or any
commitment of such Bank (including such Banks Loan Commitment hereunder); or

(3) imposes
any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement, the Loans or the Notes (or any of such extensions of
credit or liabilities or the London interbank market).

Without limiting the effect
of the provisions of the first paragraph of this Section, in the event that, by reason of any Regulatory Change, any Bank either (1) incurs
Additional Costs based on or measured by the excess above a specified level of the amount of a category of deposits of other liabilities
of such Bank which includes deposits by reference to which SOFR is determined as provided in this Agreement or a category of extensions
of credit or other assets of such Bank which includes loans based on SOFR or (2) becomes subject to restrictions on the amount of
such a category of liabilities or assets which it may hold, then, if such Bank so elects by notice to Borrower (with a copy to Administrative
Agent), the obligation of such Bank to permit Elections of, to Continue, or to Convert Base Rate Loans into, SOFR Loans shall be suspended
(in which case the provisions of Section 3.04 shall be applicable) until such Regulatory Change ceases to be in effect.

Determinations and allocations
by a Bank for purposes of this Section of the effect of any Regulatory Change pursuant to the first or second paragraph of this Section,
on its costs or rate of return of making or maintaining its Loan or portions thereof or on amounts receivable by it in respect of its
Loan or portions thereof, and the amounts required to compensate such Bank under this Section, shall be included in a calculation of such
amounts given to Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

-55-

Section 3.02 Inability
to Determine Rates.

(a) If
in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan, Daily SOFR Loan or Term SOFR Bid Rate Loan or a conversion of Base Rate Loans or
Daily SOFR Loans to Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans or a continuation of any Term SOFR Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative
Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate has been determined in
accordance with Section 3.02(b), and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 3.02(b) or the Scheduled
Unavailability Date has occurred, (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Term SOFR for any requested
Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan or Term SOFR Bid Rate Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base
Rate Loan or (C) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Daily SOFR in connection with an existing or
proposed Daily SOFR Loan, or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Banks determine that for any reason that Term SOFR for
any requested Interest Period or Daily SOFR with respect to a proposed Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Banks
of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Bank.

Thereafter, (x) the obligation
of the Banks to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans, Daily SOFR Loans or Term SOFR Bid Rate Loans, or to convert Base Rate Loans or Daily
SOFR Loans to Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans, Daily SOFR Loans,
Term SOFR Bid Rate Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect
to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended,
in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Banks described in clause (ii) of
this Section 3.03(a), until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Banks) revokes such notice.

Upon receipt of such notice,
(i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, or conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans, Daily SOFR
Loans, Term SOFR Bid Rate Loans (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans, Daily SOFR Loans, Term SOFR Bid Rate Loans or Interest
Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Ratable Loan of Base Rate Loans in the amount
specified therein, (ii) any outstanding Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately at
the end of their respective applicable Interest Period and (iii) any outstanding Daily SOFR Loans shall immediately be deemed to
have been converted to Base Rate Loans.

(b) Replacement
of SOFR or Successor Rate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative
Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Banks notify the Administrative
Agent (with, in the case of the Required Banks, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Banks (as applicable) have determined,
that:

(i) adequate
and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR, including, without
limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to
be temporary; or

-56-

(ii) CME
or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative
Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement
identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate
shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. dollar
denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator
that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific
date (the latest date on which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no
longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date);

then,
on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date), which
date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and,
solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and
under any Loan Document with Daily SOFR for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent,
in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document
(the Successor Rate).

If the Successor Rate is Daily
SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein, (i) if the Administrative Agent determines that Daily SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement
Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.02(b)(i) or (ii) have
occurred with respect to Daily SOFR or the Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower
may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR, Daily SOFR or any then current Successor Rate in accordance with
this Section 3.02 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated,
as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S.
dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark. and, in each case, including
any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar
U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such benchmark. For the avoidance of doubt,
any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall constitute a Successor Rate. Any such amendment shall become effective
at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Banking Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Banks and the
Borrower unless, prior to such time, Banks comprising the Required Banks have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that
such Required Banks object to such amendment.

-57-

The Administrative Agent will
promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower and each Bank of the implementation of any Successor Rate.

Any Successor Rate shall be
applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible
for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative
Agent.

Notwithstanding anything else
herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero%, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be
zero% for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

In connection with the implementation
of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without
any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected,
the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Banks reasonably
promptly after such amendment becomes effective.

Section 3.03 Illegality.
If any Bank determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any
Bank or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR, Term SOFR or
Daily SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, Term SOFR or Daily SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by such Bank
to the Borrower (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Bank to make or continue Term SOFR Loans, Daily SOFR
Loans or Term SOFR Bid Rate Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans to Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans shall be suspended,
and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Bank making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined
by reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Bank shall, if necessary
to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in
each case until such Bank notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination
no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Bank (with a copy to the Administrative
Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Term SOFR Loans and Term SOFR Bid Rate Loans of such Bank to Base Rate Loans (the interest
rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Bank shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without
reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Bank may lawfully
continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loan to such day, or immediately, if such Bank may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR
Loan, (ii) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) immediately prepay, or, if applicable,
convert all Daily SOFR Loans of such Bank to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Bank shall, if necessary
to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate) and
(iii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Bank determining or charging interest rates based upon SOFR, the Administrative
Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Bank without reference to the Term SOFR component
thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Bank that it is no longer illegal for such Bank to determine or charge
interest rates based upon SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so
prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05.

-58-

Section 3.04 Treatment
of Affected Loans. If the obligations of any Bank to make or maintain a SOFR Loan or a Term SOFR Bid Rate Loan, or to permit
an Election of a SOFR Loan, to Continue its Term SOFR Loan, or to Convert its Base Rate Loan into a SOFR Loan, are suspended pursuant
to Sections 3.01 or 3.03 (each SOFR Loan or Term SOFR Bid Rate Loan so affected being herein called an Affected Loan),
such Banks Affected Loan shall be automatically Converted into a Base Rate Loan (or, in the case of an Affected Loan that is a
Term SOFR Bid Rate Loan, the interest rate thereon shall be converted to the rate applicable to Base Rate Loans) on the last day of the
then current Interest Period for the Affected Loan (or, in the case of a Conversion (or conversion) required by Sections 3.01 or 3.03,
on such earlier date as such Bank may specify to Borrower).

To the extent that such Banks
Affected Loan has been so Converted (or the interest rate thereon so converted), all payments and prepayments of principal which would
otherwise be applied to such Banks Affected Loan shall be applied instead to its Base Rate Loan (or to its Term SOFR Bid Rate Loan
bearing interest at the converted rate) and such Bank shall have no obligation to Convert its Base Rate Loan into a SOFR Loan.

Section 3.05 Certain
Compensation. Other than in connection with a Conversion of an Affected Loan, Borrower shall pay to Administrative Agent
for the account of the applicable Bank, upon the request of such Bank through Administrative Agent which request includes a calculation
of the amount(s) due, such amount or amounts as shall be sufficient (in the reasonable opinion of such Bank) to compensate it for
any non-administrative, actual loss, cost or expense which such Bank reasonably determines is attributable to:

(1) any
payment or prepayment of a Term SOFR Loan or Bid Rate Loan made by such Bank, or any Conversion or Continuation of a Term SOFR Loan (or
conversion of the rate of interest on a Term SOFR Bid Rate Loan) made by such Bank, in any such case on a date other than the last day
of an applicable Interest Period, whether by reason of acceleration or otherwise; or

(2) any
failure by Borrower for any reason to Convert or Continue a Term SOFR Loan to be Converted or Continued by such Bank on the date specified
therefor in the relevant notice under Section 2.14; or

(3) any
failure by Borrower to borrow (or to qualify for a borrowing of) a Term SOFR Loan or Bid Rate Loan which would otherwise be made hereunder
on the date specified in the relevant Election notice under Section 2.14 or Bid Rate Quote acceptance under Section 2.02(e) given
or submitted by Borrower.

Without limiting the foregoing,
such compensation shall include any loss incurred in obtaining, liquidating or employing deposits from third parties, but excluding loss
of margin for the period after the date of such payment, prepayment, Conversion or Continuation (or failure to Convert, Continue or borrow).
A determination of any Bank as to the amounts payable pursuant to this Section shall be conclusive absent manifest error. No Bank
shall make any request pursuant to this Section 3.05 unless such amounts due to, and costs incurred by, such Bank are equal to or
greater than $100.

-59-

Section 3.06 Capital
or Liquidity Adequacy. If any Bank shall have determined that, after the date hereof, any Regulatory Change regarding capital
or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on capital of such Bank (or its Parent) as a consequence
of such Banks obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Bank (or its Parent) could have achieved but for such adoption,
change, request or directive (taking into consideration its policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by such Bank
to be material, then from time to time, within fifteen (15) days after demand by such Bank (with a copy to Administrative Agent), Borrower
shall pay to such Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Bank (or its Parent) for such reduction. A certificate
of any Bank claiming compensation under this Section, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis therefor, shall be conclusive absent
manifest error.

Section 3.07 Substitution
of Banks. If any Bank (an Affected Bank) (1) makes demand upon Borrower for (or if Borrower
is otherwise required to pay) Additional Costs pursuant to Section 3.01 or additional amounts under Section 3.06 or (2) is
unable to make or maintain a SOFR Loan or Term SOFR Bid Rate Loan as a result of a condition described in Section 3.03, or (3) if
Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Bank, any Issuing Bank or any Governmental Authority for
the account of any Bank or Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 3.10, or (4) becomes a Defaulting Lender, Borrower may, within ninety
(90) days of receipt of such demand or notice (or the occurrence of such other event causing Borrower to be required to pay Additional
Costs or causing said Section 3.03 to be applicable) or such Bank becoming a Defaulting Lender, as the case may be, give written
notice (a Replacement Notice) to Administrative Agent and to each Bank of Borrowers intention either
(x) to prepay in full the Affected Banks Note and to terminate the Affected Banks entire Loan Commitment or (y) to
replace the Affected Bank with another financial institution (the Replacement Bank) designated in such Replacement
Notice. In the event Borrower opts to give the notice provided for in clause (x) above, and if the Affected Bank shall not agree
within thirty (30) days of its receipt thereof to waive the payment of the Additional Costs in question or the effect of the circumstances
described in Section 3.03, if applicable, then, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall exist, Borrower may (notwithstanding
the provisions of clause (2) of Section 2.10(a)) terminate the Affected Banks entire Loan Commitment, provided that in
connection therewith it pays to the Affected Bank all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest under the Affected Banks
Note, together with all other amounts, if any, due from Borrower to the Affected Bank, including all amounts properly demanded and unreimbursed
under Sections 3.01 and 3.05.

-60-

In the event Borrower opts
to give the notice provided for in clause (y) above, and if (i) Administrative Agent shall, within thirty (30) days of its receipt
of the Replacement Notice, notify Borrower and each Bank in writing that the Replacement Bank is reasonably satisfactory to Administrative
Agent and (ii) the Affected Bank shall not, prior to the end of such thirty (30)-day period, agree to waive the payment of the Additional
Costs in question or the effect of the circumstances described in Section 3.03 or clause (2) of Section 3.02, if applicable,
then the Affected Bank shall, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall exist, assign its Note and all of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement to the Replacement Bank, and the Replacement Bank shall assume all of the Affected Banks rights and obligations,
pursuant to an agreement, substantially in the form of an Assignment and Acceptance, executed by the Affected Bank and the Replacement
Bank. In connection with such assignment and assumption, the Replacement Bank shall pay to the Affected Bank an amount equal to the outstanding
principal amount under the Affected Banks Note plus all interest accrued thereon, plus all other amounts, if any (other than the
Additional Costs in question), then due and payable to the Affected Bank; provided, however, that prior to or simultaneously with any
such assignment and assumption, Borrower shall have paid to such Affected Bank all amounts properly demanded and unreimbursed under Sections
3.01 and 3.05. Upon the effective date of such assignment and assumption, the Replacement Bank shall become a Bank party to this Agreement
and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Bank as set forth in such Assignment and Acceptance, and the Affected Bank shall be
released from its obligations hereunder, and no further consent or action by any party shall be required. Upon the consummation of any
assignment pursuant to this Section, a substitute Ratable Loan Note shall be issued to the Replacement Bank by Borrower, in exchange for
the return of the Affected Banks Ratable Loan Note. The obligations evidenced by such substitute note shall constitute Obligations
for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In connection with Borrowers execution of substitute notes as
aforesaid, Borrower shall deliver to Administrative Agent evidence, satisfactory to Administrative Agent, of all requisite corporate action
to authorize Borrowers execution and delivery of the substitute notes and any related documents. Each Replacement Bank shall, prior
to the first date on which interest or fees are payable hereunder for its account, deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent certification
as to a reduction in or exemption from deduction or withholding of any United States federal income or withholding taxes in accordance
with Section 3.10. Each Replacement Bank shall be deemed to have made the representations contained in, and shall be bound by the
provisions of, Section 3.10.

Borrower, Administrative Agent
and the Banks shall execute such modifications to the Loan Documents as shall be reasonably required in connection with and to effectuate
the foregoing.

Section 3.08 Applicability.
The provisions of this Article III shall be applied to Borrower so as not to discriminate against Borrower vis-a-vis similarly situated
customers of the Banks.

Section 3.09 Time
for Notices. No Bank shall be entitled to compensation under Section 3.01 or Section 3.06 for any costs incurred
or reduction suffered with respect to any date unless such Bank shall have notified the Borrower that it will demand compensation for
such costs or reduction (such notice to provide a computation of such costs or reductions) not more than one hundred twenty (120) days
after such Bank has obtained actual knowledge of an event entitling it to such compensation, except that if such event giving rise to
compensation is retroactive, then the one hundred twenty (120) day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of
retroactive effect.

-61-

Section 3.10 Taxes.

(a) Payments
Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document
shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined
in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment
by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely
pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is
an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has
been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.10) the applicable
Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.

(b) Payment
of Other Taxes by the Borrower. Without limiting or duplicating the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Borrower shall timely
pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Laws.

(c) Tax
Indemnifications.

(i) Indemnification
by Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any
Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.10)
payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses
arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the
relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Bank (with
a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Bank, shall be conclusive absent
manifest error.

(ii) Indemnification
by the Banks. Each Bank shall severally indemnify (A) the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor,
for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Bank (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the
Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable
to such Banks failure to comply with the provisions of Section 12.05 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register
and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Bank, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection
with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly
or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority and (B) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, within 10 days
after demand therefor, for any Taxes attributable to such Banks failure to comply with Section 3.10(e) that are
payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising
therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental
Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Bank by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower
shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts
at any time owing to such Bank under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Bank from any other source
against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (c)(ii).

-62-

(d) Evidence
of Payments. Upon request by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower
or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.10, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative
Agent or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower, as the case may be, the original or a copy of a receipt issued by such
Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such
payment reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be.

(e) Status
of Banks; Tax Documentation. (i) Any Bank that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect
to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested
by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, or as required by applicable law, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably
requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate
of withholding. In addition, any Bank, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation
prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent to determine whether or not such Bank is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation
set forth in Section 3.10(e)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Banks reasonable
judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Bank to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially
prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Bank.

(ii) Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the
Code,

(A) any
Bank that is a U.S. Person, as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
on or prior to the date on which such Bank becomes a Bank under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request
of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Bank is exempt from U.S. federal
backup withholding tax;

(B) any
Foreign Bank shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number
of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Bank becomes a Bank under this Agreement
(and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following
is applicable:

(1) in
the case of a Foreign Bank claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to
payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN (or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable) establishing
an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and
(y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN (or IRS Form W-8BEN-E,
as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits
or other income article of such tax treaty;

-63-

(2) executed
copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3) in
the case of a Foreign Bank claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a
certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-1 to the effect that such
Foreign Bank is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10-percent shareholder
of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described
in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed copies of
IRS Form W-8BEN (or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable); or

(4) to
the extent a Foreign Bank is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS
Form W-8BEN (or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-2
or Exhibit J-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents
from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Bank is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect
partners of such Foreign Bank are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Bank may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
substantially in the form of Exhibit J-4 on behalf of each such direct and
indirect partner;

(C) any
Foreign Bank shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number
of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Bank becomes a Bank under this Agreement
(and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other
form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed,
together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent
to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(D) if
a payment made to a Bank under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Bank were to
fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of
the Code, as applicable), such Bank shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by applicable
Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable
law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested
by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations
under FATCA and to determine that such Bank has complied with such Banks obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to
deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to
FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

-64-

(iii) Each
Bank agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall
update such form or certification or promptly notify Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

(f) Treatment
of Certain Refunds. Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for
or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Bank or the Issuing Bank, or have any obligation to pay to any Bank or the Issuing Bank, any refund
of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Bank or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be. If the Administrative
Agent, any Bank or the Issuing Bank determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes
or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant
to this Section 3.10 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.10), it shall pay to the Borrower
an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this
Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent,
such Bank or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority
with respect to such refund), provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, such Bank or the Issuing
Bank, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental
Authority) to the Administrative Agent, such Bank or the Issuing Bank in the event the Administrative Agent, such Bank or the Issuing
Bank is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (f),
in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (f) the
amount of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been
in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification
payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require the Administrative
Agent, any Bank or the Issuing Bank to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential)
to, or to file for or pursue any refund of Taxes on behalf of, the Borrower or any other Person.

(g) Defined
Terms. For purposes of this Section, the term applicable Laws shall include FATCA.

Section 3.11 Designation
of a Different Lending Office. Each Bank may make any Loan to the Borrower through any Applicable Lending Office, provided that
the exercise of such option shall not affect the Borrowers obligation to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement. If any Bank requests compensation under Section 3.01 or 3.06, or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or
additional amounts to any Bank, any Issuing Bank or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Bank or any Issuing Bank pursuant
to Section 3.10, then such Bank or Issuing Bank shall (at the request of the Borrower) use reasonable efforts to designate a different
lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices,
branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Bank or Issuing Bank, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or
reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01, 3.06 or 3.10, as the case may be, in the future, and (ii) would not subject
such Bank or Issuing Bank to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Bank or Issuing Bank.
The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Bank or any Issuing Bank in connection with any such
designation or assignment.

-65-

Article IV

CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT

Section 4.01 Conditions
Precedent to the Closing Date. The effectiveness of this Agreement and the obligation of each Bank to make the Initial Advance
are subject to the condition precedent that Administrative Agent shall have received and approved on or before the Closing Date each
of the following documents, and each of the following requirements shall have been fulfilled:

(1) Fees
and Expenses. The payment of (a) all fees and expenses incurred by Syndication Agents and Administrative Agent (including, without
limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel) and (b) those fees specified in the Fee Letters to be paid by Borrower
on or before the Closing Date;

(2) Loan
Agreement and Notes. This Agreement, the Ratable Loan Notes for each of the Banks signatory hereto which has requested such Note and
the Bid Rate Loan Note for Administrative Agent, each duly executed by Borrower;

(3) Financial
Statements. Audited Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024;

(4) Evidence
of Formation of Borrower. Certified (as of the Closing Date) copies of Borrowers certificate of incorporation and by-laws,
with all amendments thereto, and a certificate of the Secretary of State of the jurisdiction of formation as to its good standing therein;

(5) Evidence
of All Corporate Action. Certified (as of the Closing Date) copies of all documents evidencing the corporate action taken by Borrower
authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and each other document to be delivered by or on behalf of Borrower
pursuant to this Agreement;

(6) Incumbency
and Signature Certificate of Borrower. A certificate (dated as of the Closing Date) of the secretary of Borrower certifying the names
and true signatures of each person authorized to sign on behalf of Borrower;

-66-

(7) Solvency
Certificate. A duly executed Solvency Certificate;

(8) Opinion
of Counsel for Borrower. A favorable opinion, dated the Closing Date, of Goodwin Procter LLP, counsel for Borrower, as to such matters
as Administrative Agent may reasonably request;

(9) Authorization
Letter. The Authorization Letter, duly executed by Borrower;

(10) [Reserved];

(11) Certificate.
The following statements shall be true and Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate dated the Closing Date signed by a duly
authorized signatory of Borrower stating, to the best of the certifying partys knowledge, the following:

(a) All
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and in each of the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of the
Closing Date as though made on and as of such date, and

(b) No
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or could result from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents; and

(c) No
Material Adverse Change exists on and as of the Closing Date;

(12) Fee
Letters. The Fee Letters duly executed by Borrower;

(13) Covenant
Compliance. A covenant compliance certificate of the sort required by paragraph (3) of Section 6.09 for the most recent
calendar quarter for which Borrower is required to report financial results;

(14) Know-Your-Customer
Information. (x) Upon the written request of any Bank made at least ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date, the Borrower
shall have provided to such Bank the documentation and other information that such Bank reasonably determines is required by regulatory
authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without
limitation, the Patriot Act, in each case at least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date and (y) at least five (5) days
prior to the Closing Date, if the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation,
the Borrower shall have delivered, to each Bank that so requests in writing, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower
(it being acknowledged by the Administrative Agent and the Banks party hereto that, as of the Closing Date, as a publicly traded company
listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the information required to be provided in the Borrowers requisite Beneficial Ownership
Certification shall be limited to the information that such Banks are required to obtain under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation in
respect of such publicly traded companies); and

(15) Additional
Materials. Such other approvals, documents, instruments or opinions as Administrative Agent may reasonably request.

-67-

Section 4.02 Conditions
Precedent to Each Advance. The obligation of each Bank to make each advance of the Loans, and the obligation of the Issuing Bank
to issue or extend any Letter of Credit, shall be subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:

(1) All
conditions of Section 4.01 shall have been and remain satisfied as of the date of such advance or issuance or extension;

(2) No
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of the date of the advance or issuance or would result from the
making of such advance, issuance or extension; provided however, that this condition shall not apply to an Excluded Borrowing;

(3) Each
of the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement (other than in the last sentence of Section 5.13) and in each
of the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of the advance or issuance, except for
representations and warranties which are expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and
warranties were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (or in the case of any representation or warranty that
is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Change or similar language, shall be true and correct in
all respects as of the applicable date, after giving effect to such qualification); provided however, that this condition shall
not apply to an Excluded Borrowing; and

(4) Administrative
Agent shall have received a request for an advance in accordance with Section 2.04 or Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank
shall have received a request for such Letter of Credit in accordance with Section 2.16.

Section 4.03 Deemed
Representations. Each request by Borrower for, and acceptance by Borrower of, an advance of proceeds of the Loans, and each request
by Borrower for, and each issuance or extension by the Issuing Bank of, a Letter of Credit, shall constitute a representation and warranty
by Borrower as to the satisfaction of the conditions in clauses (2) and (3) of Section 4.02, as of both the date of such
request and the date of such advance or issuance.

Article V

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

Borrower represents and warrants to Administrative
Agent and each Bank as follows:

Section 5.01 Due
Organization. Borrower is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization,
has the power and authority to own its assets and to transact the business in which it is now engaged, and, if applicable, is duly qualified
for the conduct of business and in good standing under the Laws of each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required and
where the failure to be so qualified would cause a Material Adverse Change.

-68-

Section 5.02 Power
and Authority; No Conflicts; Compliance With Laws. The execution, delivery and performance of the obligations required to be
performed by Borrower of the Loan Documents are within the Borrowers corporate powers, have been authorized by all necessary corporate
action, and do not and will not (a) require the consent or approval of its shareholders or such consent or approval has been obtained,
(b) contravene either its certificate of incorporation or by-laws, (c) to the best of Borrowers knowledge, violate any
provision of, or require any filing, registration, consent or approval under, any Law (including, without limitation, Regulation U),
order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award presently in effect having applicability to it, (d) result in
a breach of or constitute a default under or require any consent under any indenture or loan or credit agreement or any other agreement,
lease or instrument to which it may be a party or by which it or its properties may be bound or affected except for consents which have
been obtained, (e) result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien, upon or with respect to any of its properties
now owned or hereafter acquired or (f) to the best of Borrowers knowledge, cause it to be in default under any such Law,
order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award or any such indenture, agreement, lease or instrument; to the best
of its knowledge, Borrower is in compliance with all Laws applicable to it and its properties where failure to be in compliance with
such Laws could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

Section 5.03 Legally
Enforceable Agreements. Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and is a legal, valid and binding
obligation of Borrower, enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that such enforcement may be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar Laws affecting creditors rights generally.

Section 5.04 Litigation.
There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against Borrower or any of its Affiliates before
any court or arbitrator or any Governmental Authority which are reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change or challenge
the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents.

Section 5.05 Good
Title to Properties. Borrower and each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries have good, marketable and legal title to all of the properties
and assets each of them purports to own (including, without limitation, those reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements referred
to in Section 5.13), only with exceptions which do not materially detract from the use thereof in Borrowers and such Consolidated
Subsidiarys business, and except to the extent that any such properties and assets have been encumbered or disposed of since the
date of such financial statements without violating any of the covenants contained in Article VII or elsewhere in this Agreement.
Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries enjoy peaceful and undisturbed possession of all ground leased property necessary in any material
respect in the conduct of their respective businesses. All such ground leases are valid and subsisting and are in full force and effect.

Section 5.06 Taxes.
Borrower has filed all income or other material tax returns (federal, state and local) required to be filed by it and has paid all taxes,
assessments and governmental charges and levies due and payable without the imposition of a penalty, including interest and penalties,
except to the extent they are the subject of a Good Faith Contest or the failure to file or pay such Taxes, individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Borrower qualifies as a real estate investment trust under the
Code.

-69-

Section 5.07 ERISA.
Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable provisions of ERISA. Neither a Reportable Event nor a Prohibited
Transaction has occurred with respect to any Plan which could result in liability of Borrower; no notice of intent to terminate a Plan
has been filed nor has any Plan been terminated within the past five (5) years; no circumstance exists which constitutes grounds
under Section 4042 of ERISA entitling the PBGC to institute proceedings to terminate, or appoint a trustee to administer, a Plan,
nor has the PBGC instituted any such proceedings; Borrower and the ERISA Affiliates have not completely or partially withdrawn under
Sections 4201 or 4204 of ERISA from a Multiemployer Plan; Borrower and the ERISA Affiliates have met the minimum funding requirements
of Section 412 of the Code and Section 302 of ERISA of each with respect to the Plans of each and there is no material Unfunded
Current Liability (as such quoted term is defined in ERISA) with respect to any Plan established or maintained by each; and Borrower
and the ERISA Affiliates have not incurred any liability to the PBGC under ERISA (other than for the payment of premiums under Section 4007
of ERISA). No part of the funds to be used by Borrower in satisfaction of its obligations under this Agreement constitute plan
assets of any employee benefit plan within the meaning of ERISA or of any plan within the meaning
of Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code, as interpreted by the IRS and the U.S. Department of Labor in rules, regulations, releases,
bulletins or as interpreted under applicable case law.

Section 5.08 No
Default on Outstanding Judgments or Orders, Etc. Borrower and each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries have satisfied all judgments
which are not being appealed or which are not fully covered by insurance, and are not in default with respect to any judgment, order,
writ, injunction, decree, rule or regulation of any court, arbitrator or federal, state, municipal or other Governmental Authority,
commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, where the failure to satisfy such judgments or any such default
thereunder (a) could reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Change or (b) could reasonably be expected to cause
an Event of Default under Article IX of this Agreement (without considering or giving effect to any grace periods applicable thereto).

Section 5.09 No
Defaults on Other Agreements. Except as disclosed to Administrative Agent in writing (who shall provide such information, promptly
upon receipt, to each of the Banks), Borrower is not a party to any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any lease or other agreement
or instrument or subject to any partnership, trust or other restriction which is likely to result in a Material Adverse Change. Borrower
is not in default in any respect in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained
in any agreement or instrument which is likely to result in a Material Adverse Change. Borrower and each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries
are in compliance in all material respects with all Laws applicable to it, except where no Material Adverse Change could reasonably be
expected to occur as a result of such non-compliance.

Section 5.10 Government
Regulation. Borrower is not subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or any statute or regulation limiting
its ability to incur indebtedness for money borrowed as contemplated hereby. The Borrower is not engaged and will not engage, principally
or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U), or
extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock.

Section 5.11 Environmental
Protection. To the best of Borrowers knowledge, none of Borrowers or its Consolidated Subsidiaries properties
contains any Hazardous Materials that, under any Environmental Law currently in effect, (1) would impose liability on Borrower that
is likely to result in a Material Adverse Change or (2) is likely to result in the imposition of a Lien on any material assets of
Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries (taken as a whole), in each case if not properly handled in accordance with applicable Law
or not covered by insurance or a bond, in either case reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. To the best of Borrowers
knowledge, neither it nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is in violation of, or subject to any existing, pending or threatened
investigation or proceeding by any Governmental Authority under any Environmental Law, in each case, that is likely to result in a Material
Adverse Change.

-70-

Section 5.12 Solvency.
Borrower is, and upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any other documents,
instruments or agreements relating thereto, will be, Solvent.

Section 5.13 Financial
Statements. The Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements most recently delivered to the Banks pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement are in all material respects complete and correct and fairly present the financial condition of the subject thereof
as of the dates of and for the periods covered by such statements, all in accordance with GAAP. There has been no Material Adverse Change
since the date of such most recently delivered Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements.

Section 5.14 Valid
Existence of Consolidated Subsidiaries. Except where no Material Adverse Change could reasonably be expected to occur, each Consolidated
Subsidiary is a corporation, partnership or limited liability company duly organized and existing in good standing under the Laws of
the jurisdiction of its formation. Except where no Material Adverse Change could reasonably be expected to occur, each Consolidated Subsidiary
has the power to own its respective properties and to carry on its respective businesses now being conducted. Each Consolidated Subsidiary
is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which the nature of the respective
businesses conducted by it or its respective properties, owned or held under lease, make such qualification necessary and where the failure
to be so qualified would cause a Material Adverse Change.

Section 5.15 Insurance.
Borrower and each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries have in force paid insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies
or associations, including customary self-insured retention amounts, in such amounts and covering such risks as are usually carried by
companies engaged in the same type of business and similarly situated.

Section 5.16 Accuracy
of Information; Full Disclosure. Neither this Agreement nor any documents, financial statements, reports, notices, schedules,
certificates, statements or other writings furnished by or on behalf of Borrower to Administrative Agent or any Bank in connection with
the negotiation of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, or required herein to be furnished by
or on behalf of Borrower (other than projections which are made by Borrower in good faith), contains any untrue or misleading statement
of a material fact or omits a material fact necessary to make the statements herein or therein not misleading. To the best of Borrowers
knowledge, there is no fact which Borrower has not disclosed to Administrative Agent and the Banks in writing which materially affects
adversely nor, so far as Borrower can now foresee, will materially affect adversely the business affairs or financial condition of Borrower
or the ability of Borrower to perform this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. As of the Closing Date, the information included in
any Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects.

-71-

Section 5.17 OFAC.
None of the Borrower, any of its Consolidated Businesses, or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower,
any director, officer, employee or affiliate thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by one or more individuals
or entities that are (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFACs List of Specially
Designated Nationals, HMTs Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List, or any similar list enforced
by any other relevant sanctions authority or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. The Borrower and
its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions and have instituted
and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such Sanctions.

Section 5.18 Anti-Corruption
Laws. The Borrower, its Consolidated Businesses and its Consolidated Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance
with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and, to the extent the same are applicable to the Borrower and/or its Consolidated
Businesses or to the extent that a Bank notifies Borrower that the same are applicable to the Loans, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other
similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and, to the extent applicable, have instituted and maintained policies and
procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.

Section 5.19 Affected
Financial Institution. The Borrower is not an Affected Financial Institution.

Section 5.20 Covered
Entities. The Borrower is not a Covered Entity.

Section 5.21 Outbound
Investment Rules. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is a covered foreign person as that term is
used in the Outbound Investment Rules. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries currently engages, or has any present intention
to engage in the future, directly or indirectly, in (i) a covered activity or a covered transaction,
as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, (ii) any activity or transaction that would constitute a covered
activity or a covered transaction, as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, if the Borrower
were a U.S. Person or (iii) any other activity that would cause the Administrative Agent or any Bank to be in violation of the Outbound
Investment Rules or cause the Administrative Agent or any Bank to be legally prohibited by the Outbound Investment Rules from
performing under this Agreement.

-72-

Article VI

AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS

So long as any of the Loans or any other Obligations
shall remain unpaid or the Loan Commitments or any Letter of Credit (other than a Letter of Credit that has been Cash Collateralized
in accordance with Section 2.16(d) and remains in effect after the Loan Commitments and the Obligations have been paid, except
that the Borrower shall continue to comply with its covenants in Sections 6.09(1) and (2) in such event) shall remain in effect,
or any other amount is owing by Borrower to any Bank Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, Borrower shall, and, in the case
of Sections 6.01 through 6.07, inclusive, and Section 6.11, shall cause each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries to:

Section 6.01 Maintenance
of Existence. Preserve and maintain its legal existence and good standing in the jurisdiction of its organization, and qualify
and remain qualified as a foreign entity in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required except to the extent that
failure to do any of the foregoing (other than the preservation and maintenance of Borrowers legal existence and good standing
in the jurisdiction of its organization) is not likely to result in a Material Adverse Change.

Section 6.02 Maintenance
of Records. Keep adequate records and books of account, in which complete entries will be made reflecting all of its financial
transactions, in accordance with GAAP.

Section 6.03 Maintenance
of Insurance. At all times, maintain and keep in force insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies or
associations, including customary self-insured retention amounts, in such amounts and covering such risks as are usually carried by companies
engaged in the same type of business and similarly situated and will provide satisfactory evidence of the same as reasonably requested
by Administrative Agent. In connection with the foregoing, it is understood that Borrowers earthquake insurance coverage in place
as of the Closing Date is acceptable to Administrative Agent.

Section 6.04 Compliance
with Laws; Payment of Taxes. Comply in all material respects with all Laws applicable to it or to any of its properties or any
part thereof, such compliance to include, without limitation, paying before the same become delinquent all material taxes, assessments
and governmental charges imposed upon it or upon its property, except to the extent they are the subject of a Good Faith Contest or the
failure to comply, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

Section 6.05 Right
of Inspection. At any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable notice, permit Administrative Agent or any Bank or
any agent or representative thereof to examine and make copies and abstracts from its records and books of account and visit its properties
and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with the independent accountants of Borrower.

Section 6.06 Compliance
With Environmental Laws. Comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws and timely pay or cause to be
paid all costs and expenses incurred in connection with such compliance, except to the extent there is a Good Faith Contest.

Section 6.07 Maintenance
of Properties. Do all things reasonably necessary to maintain, preserve, protect and keep its properties in good repair, working
order and condition except where the cost thereof is not in Borrowers best interests and the failure to do so would not result
in a Material Adverse Change.

Section 6.08 Payment
of Costs. Pay all costs and expenses required for the satisfaction of the conditions of this Agreement.

Section 6.09 Reporting
and Miscellaneous Document Requirements. Furnish directly to Administrative Agent (who shall provide, promptly upon receipt,
to each of the Banks):

(1) Annual
Financial Statements. As soon as available and in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year, Borrowers
Consolidated Financial Statements as of the end of and for such Fiscal Year, in reasonable detail and stating in comparative form the
respective figures for the corresponding date and period in the prior Fiscal Year and audited by Borrowers Accountants (without
a going concern or other extraordinary qualification or exception);

-73-

(2) Quarterly
Financial Statements. As soon as available and in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter (other
than the last quarter of the Fiscal Year), commencing with the quarter ended March 31, 2025, the unaudited Borrowers Consolidated
Financial Statements as of the end of and for such calendar quarter, in reasonable detail and stating in comparative form the respective
figures for the corresponding date and period in the prior Fiscal Year;

(3) Certificate
of No Default and Financial Compliance. Within ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year and within forty-five (45) days
after the end of each of the first, second, and third calendar quarters, a certificate of Borrowers chief financial officer or
treasurer (a) stating that, to the best of his or her knowledge, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or
if a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, specifying the nature thereof and the action which is proposed to be
taken with respect thereto; (b) stating that the covenants contained in Sections 7.03 and 7.04 and in Article VIII have been
complied with (or specifying those that have not been complied with) and including computations demonstrating such compliance (or non-compliance);
and (c) setting forth the details of all items comprising Capitalization Value, Unencumbered Asset Value, Total Outstanding Indebtedness,
Secured Indebtedness, Interest Expense and Unsecured Indebtedness (including amount, maturity, interest rate and amortization requirements
with respect to all Indebtedness);

(4) Certificate
of Borrowers Accountants. Simultaneously with the delivery of the annual financial statements required by paragraph (1) of
this Section, (a) a statement of Borrowers Accountants who audited such financial statements comparing the computations set
forth in the financial compliance certificate required by paragraph (3) of this Section to the audited financial statements
required by paragraph (1) of this Section and (b) when the audited financial statements required by paragraph (1) of
this Section have a qualified auditors opinion, a statement of Borrowers Accountants who audited such financial statements
of whether any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(5) Notice
of Litigation. Promptly after the commencement and knowledge thereof, notice of all actions, suits, and proceedings before any court
or arbitrator, affecting Borrower which, if determined adversely to Borrower is likely to result in a Material Adverse Change;

(6) Notices
of Defaults and Events of Default. As soon as possible and in any event within ten (10) days after Borrower becomes aware of
the occurrence of a material Default or any Event of Default, a written notice (which notice shall state that it is a Notice of
Default) setting forth the details of such Default or Event of Default and the action which is proposed to be taken with respect
thereto;

-74-

(7) Material
Adverse Change. As soon as is practicable and in any event within five (5) days after knowledge of the occurrence of any event
or circumstance which is likely to result in or has resulted in a Material Adverse Change, written notice thereof;

(8) Offices.
Thirty (30) days prior written notice of any change in the chief executive office or principal place of business of Borrower;

(9) Environmental
and Other Notices. As soon as possible and in any event within ten (10) days after receipt, copies of all Environmental Notices
received by Borrower which are not received in the ordinary course of business and which relate to a situation which is likely to result
in a Material Adverse Change;

(10) Insurance
Coverage. Promptly, such information concerning Borrowers insurance coverage as Administrative Agent may reasonably
request;

(11) Proxy
Statements, Etc. Promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all proxy statements, financial statements and reports which
Borrower or its Consolidated Subsidiaries sends to its shareholders, and copies of all regular, periodic and special reports, and all
registration statements which Borrower or its Consolidated Subsidiaries files with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any Governmental
Authority which may be substituted therefor, or with any national securities exchange;

(12) [Reserved];

(13) [Reserved];

(14) Beneficial
Ownership Updates. Promptly following any written request therefor, information and documentation as the Administrative Agent (or
any Bank through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request, as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and

(15) General
Information. Promptly (i) such other information respecting the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of Borrower
or any properties of Borrower as Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request in writing and (ii) such other information
and documentation reasonably requested in writing by the Administrative Agent or any Bank for purposes of compliance with requirements
under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations including the Patriot Act and the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation, if applicable.

-75-

Documents required to be delivered
pursuant to Sections 6.09(1), (2) or (11) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC)
may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower
posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrowers website on the Internet at the website address; or (ii) on
which such documents are posted on the Borrowers behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Bank and the
Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided
that: (i) the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Bank that requests the Borrower
to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Bank
and (ii) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Bank (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any
such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents.
The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and
in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request for delivery, and each Bank shall
be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents.

The Borrower hereby acknowledges
that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Syndication Agents will make available to the Banks materials and/or information provided
by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials) by posting the Borrower Materials
on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform) and (b) certain of the Banks may be
public-side Banks (i.e., Banks that do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower
or its securities) (each, a Public Lender). The Borrower hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials
that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall
mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials
PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agents, and the Banks
to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities
for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws or any confidentiality agreement entered into by any Bank; (y) all
Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public
Investor; and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Syndication Agents shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that
are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Investor.

Section 6.10 Principal
Prepayments as a Result of Reduction in Total Loan Commitment. If the outstanding principal amount under the Notes at any time
exceeds the Total Loan Commitment, Borrower shall, within ten (10) days of Administrative Agents written demand, make a payment
in the amount of such excess in reduction of such outstanding principal balance.

Section 6.11 Anti-Corruption
Laws. Conduct its businesses in compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and to the extent the
same are applicable to the Borrower and/or its Consolidated Businesses or to the extent a Bank notifies Borrower that the same are applicable
to the Loans, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and applicable Sanctions,
and, to the extent applicable, maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.

-76-

Article VII

NEGATIVE
COVENANTS

So long as any of the Loans
or any other Obligations shall remain unpaid, or the Loan Commitments or any Letter of Credit (other than a Letter of Credit that has
been Cash Collateralized in accordance with Section 2.16(d) and remains in effect after the Loan Commitments and the Obligations
have been paid) shall remain in effect, or any other amount is owing by Borrower to any Bank Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document,
Borrower shall not do any or all of the following:

Section 7.01 Mergers
Etc. Merge or consolidate with (except where Borrower is the surviving entity), or sell, assign, lease or otherwise dispose of
(whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired).

Section 7.02 [Reserved].

Section 7.03 Sale
of Assets. Effect (i) a Disposition of any of its now owned or hereafter acquired assets (including equity interests therein),
including assets in which Borrower owns a beneficial interest through its ownership of interests in joint ventures, if after giving effect
to such Disposition, a Default or Event of Default would exist, or (ii) the granting of a Lien on any Unencumbered Wholly-Owned
Assets or Unencumbered Land and Construction-In-Process, if after granting such Lien, a Default or Event of Default would exist; provided
however, that (a) the Borrower may lease or sublease its assets, as lessor or sublessor (as the case may be), in the ordinary course
of its business, and (b) the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries may sell, transfer or dispose of such assets to the Borrower or
to another subsidiary of the Borrower, as the case may be.

Section 7.04 Distributions.
During the existence of any Event of Default, make, declare or pay, directly or indirectly, any dividend or distribution to any of its
equity holders in an amount greater than the minimum dividend or distribution required under the Code to maintain the real estate investment
trust status of Borrower under the Code and to avoid the payment of U.S. federal and any applicable state and local income and excise
taxes, as evidenced by a detailed certificate of Borrowers chief financial officer or treasurer reasonably satisfactory in form
and substance to Administrative Agent.

Section 7.05 Sanctions.
Directly or knowingly indirectly use the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available
such proceeds to any Consolidated Business, joint venture partner or other Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person,
or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result
in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as Bank, Issuing Bank, Joint Lead Arranger,
Administrative Agent or otherwise) of Sanctions.

Section 7.06 Anti-Corruption
Laws. Directly or indirectly use the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit for any purpose which would breach the United States
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, or, to the extent the same are applicable to the Borrower and/or its Consolidated Businesses or
to the extent a Bank notifies Borrower that the same are applicable to the Loans, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar anti-corruption
legislation in other jurisdictions.

-77-

Section 7.07 Outbound
Investment Rules. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (a) be or become a covered
foreign person, as that term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, or (b) engage, directly or indirectly, in (i) a
covered activity or a covered transaction, as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules,
(ii) any activity or transaction that would constitute a covered activity or a covered transaction,
as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, if the Borrower were a U.S. Person or (iii) any other activity that
would cause the Administrative Agent or any Bank to be in violation of the Outbound Investment Rules or cause the Administrative
Agent or any Bank to be legally prohibited by the Outbound Investment Rules from performing under this Agreement.

Article VIII

FINANCIAL
COVENANTS

So long as any of the Loans or any other Obligations
shall remain unpaid, or the Loan Commitments or any Letter of Credit (other than a Letter of Credit that has been Cash Collateralized
in accordance with Section 2.16(d) and remains in effect after the Loan Commitments and the Obligations have been paid) shall
remain in effect, or any other amount is owing by Borrower to any Bank Party under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, Borrower
shall not permit or suffer any or all of the following:

Section 8.01 Relationship
of Total Outstanding Indebtedness to Capitalization Value. As of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio of Total Outstanding
Indebtedness (net of, as of such date of determination, the amount of unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents to the extent that there
is an equivalent amount of Total Outstanding Indebtedness that matures within twenty-four (24) months of such date of determination)
to Capitalization Value to exceed 60%; provided that such ratio may exceed 60% from time to time following an acquisition by Borrower
and its Affiliates of real property assets so long as (a) such ratio does not exceed 65%, (b) such ratio ceases to exceed 60%
within four (4) quarters after each date such ratio first exceeded 60%, and (c) the Borrower provides a certificate of its
chief financial officer or treasurer to the Administrative Agent when such ratio first exceeds 60% and when such ratio ceases to exceed
60%.

Section 8.02 Relationship
of Combined EBITDA to Combined Debt Service. As of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio of (1) Combined EBITDA
to (2) Combined Debt Service (each for the twelve (12)-month period ending on such last day of such quarter), to be less than 1.50
to 1.00.

Section 8.03 Ratio
of Unsecured Indebtedness to Unencumbered Asset Value. As of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio of (1) Unsecured
Indebtedness (net of, as of such date of determination, the amount of unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents to the extent that there
is an equivalent amount of Unsecured Indebtedness that matures within twenty-four (24) months of such date of determination) to (2) Unencumbered
Asset Value to exceed 65%.

Section 8.04 Relationship
of Secured Indebtedness to Capitalization Value. As of the last day of any fiscal quarter, Secured Indebtedness (net of, as of
such date of determination, the amount of unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents to the extent that there is an equivalent amount of
Secured Indebtedness that matures within twenty-four (24) months of such date of determination) to exceed 40% of Capitalization Value.

-78-

Article IX

EVENTS
OF DEFAULT

Section 9.01 Events
of Default. Any of the following events shall be an Event of Default:

(1) If
Borrower shall fail to pay the principal of any Loans or any reimbursement obligations with respect to a Letter of Credit as and when
due, and such failure to pay shall continue unremedied for five (5) days after the due date of such amount; or fail to pay interest
accruing on any Loans or reimbursement obligations as and when due, and such failure to pay shall continue unremedied for five (5) days
after written notice by Administrative Agent of such failure to pay; or fail to make any payment required under Section 6.10 as and
when due; or fail to pay any fee or any other amount due under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Fee Letters as and when
due and such failure to pay shall continue unremedied for two (2) Banking Days after written notice by Administrative Agent of such
failure to pay; or

(2) If
any representation or warranty made by Borrower in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document or which is contained in any certificate,
document, opinion, financial or other statement furnished at any time under or in connection with a Loan Document shall prove to have
been incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made; or

(3) If
Borrower shall fail (a) to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 2.01(e), Article VII
or Article VIII; or (b) to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than obligations
specifically referred to elsewhere in this Section 9.01) or any Loan Document, or any other document executed by Borrower and delivered
to Administrative Agent or the Banks in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and such failure under this clause (b) shall
remain unremedied for thirty (30) consecutive calendar days after notice thereof (or such shorter cure period as may be expressly prescribed
in the applicable document); provided, however, that if any such default under clause (b) above cannot by its nature be cured within
such thirty (30) day, or shorter, as the case may be, grace period and so long as Borrower shall have commenced cure within such thirty
(30) day, or shorter, as the case may be, grace period and shall, at all times thereafter, diligently prosecute the same to completion,
Borrower shall have an additional period, not to exceed sixty (60) days, to cure such default; in no event, however, is the foregoing
intended to effect an extension of the Maturity Date; or

-79-

(4) If
Borrower or any Consolidated Business shall fail (a) to pay any Recourse Debt of the Borrower or such Consolidated Business (other
than the payment obligations described in paragraph (1) of this Section and for the avoidance of doubt, the amount of any Debt
which is partial Recourse Debt shall be the actual amount to which recourse is available and not the face amount of the underlying Debt
obligation, if different, unless such Debt obligation is joint and several) in an amount equal to or greater than $150,000,000 when due
(whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) after the expiration of any applicable grace
period, or (b) to perform or observe any material term, covenant, or condition under any agreement or instrument relating to any
such Debt, when required to be performed or observed, if the effect of such failure to perform or observe is to accelerate, or to permit
the acceleration of, after the giving of notice or the lapse of time, or both (other than in cases where, in the judgment of the Required
Banks, meaningful discussions likely to result in (i) a waiver or cure of the failure to perform or observe, or (ii) otherwise
averting such acceleration are in progress between Borrower and the obligee of such Debt), the maturity of such Debt, or any such Debt
shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid or repurchased (other than by a regularly scheduled or otherwise required
prepayment), prior to the stated maturity thereof; provided that any Permitted Convertible Debt becoming due as a result of the
exercise by any holder or beneficial owner thereof of the conversion or exchange thereof shall not constitute a default, event or condition
under this Section 9.01(4), regardless of the settlement method applicable to any such conversion; or

(5) If
Borrower, or any Subsidiary of Borrower to which five percent (5%) or more of Capitalization Value is attributable, shall (a) generally
not, or be unable to, or shall admit in writing its inability to, pay its debts as such debts become due; or (b) make an assignment
for the benefit of creditors, petition or apply to any tribunal for the appointment of a custodian, receiver or trustee for it or a substantial
part of its assets; or (c) commence any proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment of debt, dissolution
or liquidation Law of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in effect; or (d) have had any such petition or application filed
or any such proceeding shall have been commenced, against it, in which an adjudication or appointment is made or order for relief is entered,
or which petition, application or proceeding remains undismissed or unstayed for a period of ninety (90) days or more; or (e) be
the subject of any proceeding under which all or a substantial part of its assets may be subject to seizure, forfeiture or divestiture;
or (f) by any act or omission indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such petition, application or proceeding
or order for relief or the appointment of a custodian, receiver or trustee for all or any substantial part of its property; or (g) suffer
any such custodianship, receivership or trusteeship for all or any substantial part of its property, to continue undischarged for a period
of ninety (90) days or more; or

(6) If
one or more judgments, decrees or orders for the payment of money in an amount in excess of 5% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth (excluding
any such judgments, decrees or orders which are fully covered by insurance) in the aggregate shall be rendered against Borrower or any
of its Consolidated Subsidiaries, and any such judgments, decrees or orders shall continue unsatisfied and in effect for a period of thirty
(30) consecutive days without being vacated, discharged, satisfied or stayed or bonded pending appeal; or

-80-

(7) If
any of the following events shall occur or exist with respect to Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate: (a) any Prohibited Transaction
involving any Plan; (b) any Reportable Event with respect to any Plan; (c) the filing under Section 4041 of ERISA of a
notice of intent to terminate any Plan or the termination of any Plan; (d) any event or circumstance which would constitute grounds
for the termination of, or for the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan under Section 4042 of ERISA, or the institution
by the PBGC of proceedings for any such termination or appointment under Section 4042 of ERISA; or (e) complete or partial withdrawal
under Section 4201 or 4204 of ERISA from a Multiemployer Plan or the reorganization, insolvency, or termination of any Multiemployer
Plan; and in each case above, if such event or conditions, if any, could in the reasonable opinion of any Bank subject Borrower to any
tax, penalty, or other liability to a Plan, Multiemployer Plan, the PBGC or otherwise (or any combination thereof) which in the aggregate
exceeds or is likely to exceed $150,000,000; or

(8) If
at any time Borrower is not a qualified real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code or is not a publicly traded
company listed on the New York Stock Exchange; or

(9) If
at any time any portion of Borrowers assets constitute plan assets for ERISA purposes (within the meaning of C.F.R. 2510.3-101);
or

(10) [reserved];
or

(11) If,
during any period of up to twelve (12) consecutive months commencing on or after the Closing Date, individuals who were directors of Borrower
at the beginning of such period (the Continuing Directors), plus any new directors whose election or appointment
was approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors then in office, shall cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board
of Directors of Borrower; or

(12) If,
through any transaction or series of related transactions, any Person (including Affiliates of such Person) shall acquire beneficial ownership,
directly or indirectly, of securities of Borrower (or of securities convertible into securities of Borrower) representing 25% or more
of the combined voting power of all securities of Borrower entitled to vote in the election of directors; or

(13) Any
material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than in accordance with
the terms hereof or thereof, or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, is revoked, terminated, cancelled or rescinded, without the
prior written approval of Administrative Agent and such number or percentage of Banks as shall be required hereunder; or the Borrower
commences any legal proceeding at law or in equity to contest, or make unenforceable, cancel, revoke or rescind any of the Loan Documents,
or any court or any other governmental or regulatory agency of competent jurisdiction shall make a determination that, or issue a judgment,
order, decree or ruling to the effect that, any one or more of the Loan Documents is illegal, invalid or unenforceable as to any material
terms thereof.

-81-

Section 9.02 Remedies.
If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (other than an Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 9.01(5)),
the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Banks, shall by notice to the Borrower take any or all of the following actions,
at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Loan Commitments, and thereupon the Loan Commitments shall terminate
immediately, (ii) declare the Loans and other Obligations then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which
case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal
of the Loans and such other Obligations so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other
obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other
notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower, (iii) require the deposit of Cash Collateral for the Letters
of Credit pursuant to Section 2.16(h) and (iv) exercise any remedies provided in any of the Loan Documents or by law;
and in case of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 9.01(5), the Loan Commitments shall automatically
terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations
of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligations to deliver Cash Collateral for the
Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.16(h) shall automatically become effective, without presentment, demand, protest or
other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default under
Section 9.01(10) shall occur and be continuing, Administrative Agent shall not be entitled to exercise the foregoing remedies
until (1) it has received a written notice from all of the Banks (the Unanimous Bank Notices) (i) requesting
Administrative Agent exercise such remedies and (ii) indicating each Banks conclusion in its reasonable judgment that a Material
Adverse Change has occurred and (2) Administrative Agent has provided notice to Borrower, together with copies of all of the Unanimous
Bank Notices.

Section 9.03 Application
of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 9.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately
due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 9.02),
any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.16(h) and 2.20, be applied by
the Administrative Agent in the following order:

First,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and
disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent
in its capacity as such;

Second,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter
of Credit fees payable pursuant to Section 2.16(f)) payable to the Banks and the Issuing Banks (including fees, charges and disbursements
of counsel to the respective Banks and the Issuing Banks and amounts payable under Article III), ratably among them in proportion
to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them;

-82-

Third,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit fees payable pursuant to Section 2.16(f) and
interest on the Loans, Letter of Credit reimbursement obligations and other Obligations, ratably among the Banks and the Issuing Banks
in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them;

Fourth,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and Letter of Credit reimbursement obligations,
ratably among the Banks and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them;

Fifth,
to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Banks, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised
of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.16(h);
and

Last,
the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law.

Subject to Section 2.16(h), amounts used
to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings
under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either
been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above.

Article X

ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT; RELATIONS AMONG BANKS

Section 10.01 Appointment,
Powers and Immunities of Administrative Agent.

(a) Each
Bank hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes Administrative Agent to act as its agent hereunder and under any other Loan Document with
such powers as are specifically delegated to Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement and any other Loan Document, together
with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative
Agent, the Banks and the Issuing Bank, and the Borrower shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions.
It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term)
with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising
under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect
only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.

-83-

(b) The
Administrative Agent and any Sustainability Structuring Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth
herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent and any Sustainability
Structuring Agent:

(i) shall
not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;

(ii) shall
not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly
contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the
Required Banks (or such other number or percentage of the Banks as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents),
provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel,
may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law; and

(iii) shall
not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the
failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person
serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties in any capacity.

The Administrative Agent and
any Sustainability Structuring Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request
of the Required Banks (or such other number or percentage of the Banks as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe
in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 12.02 and 9.02) or (ii) in the absence of its own
gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment.

The Administrative Agent and
any Sustainability Structuring Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement,
warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate,
report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance
of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the
validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or
document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt
of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.

The Administrative Agent may
perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one
or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and
all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this
Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent,
and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well
as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents
except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent
acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.

-84-

Section 10.02 Reliance
by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any Sustainability Structuring Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and
shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any certification, notice or other communication (including any thereof by telephone,
telex, telegram, cable, electronic message, or internet or intranet website posting) believed by it to be genuine and correct and to
have been signed or sent by or on behalf of the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel, independent
accountants and other experts selected by Administrative Agent. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making
of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Bank or the Issuing Bank,
the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Bank or the Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent
shall have received notice to the contrary from such Bank or the Issuing Bank prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such
Letter of Credit. Administrative Agent may deem and treat each Bank as the holder of the Loan made by it for all purposes hereof and
shall not be required to deal with any Person who has acquired a Participation in any Loan or Participation from a Bank. As to any matters
not expressly provided for by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, Administrative Agent and any Sustainability Structuring Agent
shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, hereunder in accordance with instructions signed by the
Required Banks or all Banks, as required by this Agreement, and such instructions of the Required Banks or all Banks, as the case may
be, and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto, shall be binding on all of the Banks and any other holder of all or any
portion of any Loan or Participation. The Administrative Agent and any Sustainability Structuring Agent may consult with legal counsel
(who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action
taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.

Section 10.03 Defaults.
Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default unless Administrative Agent
has received notice from a Bank or Borrower specifying such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a Notice
of Default. In the event that Administrative Agent receives such a notice of the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default,
Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Banks. Administrative Agent, following consultation with the Banks, shall
(subject to Section 10.07 and Section 12.02) take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default which is continuing
as shall be directed by the Required Banks; provided that, unless and until Administrative Agent shall have received such directions,
Administrative Agent may take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it
shall deem advisable in the best interest of the Banks; and provided further that Administrative Agent shall not send a notice of default
or acceleration to Borrower without the approval of the Required Banks. In no event shall Administrative Agent be required to take any
such action which it determines to be contrary to Law or to the Loan Documents. Each of the Banks acknowledges and agrees that no individual
Bank may separately enforce or exercise any of the provisions of any of the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Notes,
other than through Administrative Agent.

Section 10.04 Rights
of Administrative Agent as a Bank. With respect to its Loan Commitment and the Loan provided by it, Administrative Agent in its
capacity as a Bank hereunder shall have the same rights and powers hereunder as any other Bank and may exercise the same as though it
were not acting as Administrative Agent, and the term Bank or Banks shall, unless the context otherwise indicates,
include Administrative Agent in its capacity as a Bank. Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may (without having to account therefor
to any Bank) accept deposits from, lend money to (on a secured or unsecured basis), and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust
or other business with Borrower (and any Affiliates of Borrower) as if it were not acting as Administrative Agent and without any duty
to account therefor to the Banks.

-85-

Section 10.05 Indemnification
of Administrative Agent. Each Bank agrees to indemnify Administrative Agent and any Sustainability Structuring Agent (to the
extent not reimbursed under Section 12.04 or under the applicable provisions of any other Loan Document, but without limiting the
obligations of Borrower under Section 12.04 or such provisions), for its Pro Rata Share of any and all liabilities, obligations,
losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind and nature whatsoever which may be
imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Administrative Agent or any Sustainability Structuring Agent in any way relating to or arising
out of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other documents contemplated by or referred to herein or the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby (including, without limitation, the costs and expenses which Borrower is obligated to pay under Section 12.04)
or under the applicable provisions of any other Loan Document or the enforcement of any of the terms hereof or thereof or of any such
other documents or instruments; provided that no Bank shall be liable for (1) any of the foregoing to the extent they arise from
the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party to be indemnified as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final
and non-appealable judgment, (2) any loss of principal or interest with respect to Administrative Agents or any Sustainability
Structuring Agents Loan or (3) any loss suffered by Administrative Agent or any Sustainability Structuring Agent in connection
with a swap or other interest rate hedging arrangement entered into with Borrower.

Section 10.06 Non-Reliance
on Administrative Agent and Other Banks. Each Bank expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead
Arranger nor any Sustainability Structuring Agent has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative
Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger or any Sustainability Structuring Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any
assignment or review of the affairs of the Borrower of any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty
by the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger or any Sustainability Structuring Agent to any Bank as to any matter, including
whether the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger or any Sustainability Structuring Agent have disclosed material information
in their (or their Related Parties) possession. Each Bank represents to the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers and
any Sustainability Structuring Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger,
any Sustainability Structuring Agent, any other Bank or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it
has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property,
financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory
Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to
the Borrower hereunder. Each Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any
Joint Lead Arranger, any Sustainability Structuring Agent, any other Bank or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents
and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in
taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished
hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations,
property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower. Each Bank represents and warrants that (i) the Loan
Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial
loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Bank for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial
loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Bank, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring
or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each
Bank represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to
provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making
its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring
or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Except for notices, reports and other documents and information
expressly required to be furnished to the Banks by Administrative Agent hereunder, Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility
to provide any Bank with any credit or other information concerning the affairs, financial condition or business of Borrower (or any
Affiliate of Borrower) which may come into the possession of Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates. Administrative Agent shall
not be required to file this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any document or instrument referred to herein or therein, for record
or give notice of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any document or instrument referred to herein or therein, to anyone.

-86-

Section 10.07 Failure
of Administrative Agent to Act. Except for action expressly required of Administrative Agent hereunder, Administrative Agent
shall in all cases be fully justified in failing or refusing to act hereunder unless it shall have received further assurances (which
may include Cash Collateral) of the indemnification obligations of the Banks under Section 10.05 in respect of any and all liability
and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. If any indemnity furnished by the
Banks to Administrative Agent for any purpose shall, in the reasonable opinion of Administrative Agent, be insufficient or become impaired,
Administrative Agent may call for additional indemnity and cease, or not commence, to do the action indemnified against until such additional
indemnity is furnished.

Section 10.08 Resignation
or Removal of Administrative Agent. (a) Administrative Agent hereby agrees not to unilaterally resign except (1) in
the event it becomes an Affected Bank and is removed or replaced as a Bank pursuant to Section 3.07, in which event it shall have
the right to resign or (2) the Administrative Agent may resign by written notice to the Borrower, the Issuing Banks and the Banks
if a Default or Event of Default exists or if a regulator requires such resignation. Bank of America agrees that it may be replaced as
Administrative Agent by the Required Banks if its Loan Commitment is reduced to $25,000,000 or less through assignments to Assignees.
If (x) the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof or
(y) the Person serving as Administrative Agent engages in gross negligence or willful misconduct in its performance of its duties
as Administrative Agent as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment, then the Required Banks
may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Administrative
Agent. In the case of any removal of Administrative Agent, Borrower and the Banks shall be promptly notified thereof. Upon any such resignation
or removal of Administrative Agent, the Required Banks shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which successor
Administrative Agent, so long as it is reasonably acceptable to the Required Banks, shall be that Bank then having the greatest Loan
Commitment; if two (2) or more Banks have an equal greatest Loan Commitment, the Required Banks shall select between or among them.
If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Banks and shall have accepted such appointment within
thirty (30) days after the Required Banks removal of the retiring Administrative Agent, then the retiring Administrative Agent
may, on behalf of the Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be one of the Banks. The Required Banks or the retiring
Administrative Agent, as the case may be, shall upon the appointment of a successor Administrative Agent promptly so notify Borrower
and the other Banks. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent, such
successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the
retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. After
any Administrative Agents resignation or removal hereunder as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article X shall
continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as Administrative
Agent or after such resignation or removal for so long as it continues to act in such capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents.

-87-

(b) Any
Sustainability Structuring Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Administrative Agent, the Banks, the Issuing Banks
and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Borrower shall have the right, with the consent of the Required
Banks, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank or financial institution reasonably experienced in serving as a sustainability structuring
agent (or the equivalent) on syndicated bank facilities with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank or financial
institution with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Borrower and consented to by
the Required Banks and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Sustainability Structuring Agent gives notice
of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Banks) (the Sustainability Agent Resignation Effective
Date), then the retiring Sustainability Structuring Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Administrative
Agent, the Banks and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Sustainability Structuring Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above;
provided that in no event shall any such successor Sustainability Structuring Agent (or any of its Affiliates) be a Defaulting Lender.
Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Sustainability
Agent Resignation Effective Date. With effect from the Sustainability Agent Resignation Effective Date, (i) the retiring Sustainability
Structuring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (ii) except
for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring Sustainability Structuring Agent, all communications and determinations
provided to be made by, to or through the Sustainability Structuring Agent shall instead be made by or to the Administrative Agent until
such time, if any, as the Required Banks appoint and the Borrower consents to (if such consent is required hereby) a successor Sustainability
Structuring Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Sustainability Structuring Agent hereunder,
such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Sustainability
Structuring Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring Sustainability Structuring Agent
as of the Sustainability Agent Resignation Effective Date), and the retiring Sustainability Structuring Agent shall be discharged from
all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Sustainability
Structuring Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor.
After the retiring Sustainability Structuring Agents resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions
of this Article and Section 12.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Sustainability Structuring Agent,
its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring
Sustainability Structuring Agent was acting as Sustainability Structuring Agent or relating to its duties as Sustainability Structuring
Agent that are carried out following its retirement.

-88-

Section 10.09 Amendments
Concerning Agency Function. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, neither the Administrative Agent nor any
Sustainability Structuring Agent shall be bound by any waiver, amendment, supplement or modification hereof or of any other Loan Document
which affects its duties, rights, and/or function hereunder or thereunder unless it shall have given its prior written consent thereto.

Section 10.10 Liability
of Administrative Agent. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Sustainability Structuring Agent shall have any liabilities
or responsibilities to Borrower on account of the failure of any Bank to perform its obligations hereunder or to any Bank on account
of the failure of Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document.

Section 10.11 Transfer
of Agency Function. Without the consent of Borrower or any Bank, Administrative Agent may at any time or from time to time transfer
its functions as Administrative Agent hereunder to any of its offices wherever located in the United States, provided that Administrative
Agent shall promptly notify Borrower and the Banks thereof.

Section 10.12 Non-Receipt
of Funds by Administrative Agent. (a) Unless Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Bank or Borrower (either
one as appropriate being the Payor) prior to the date on which such Bank is to make payment hereunder to
Administrative Agent of the proceeds of a Loan or participation in a Letter of Credit or Borrower is to make payment to Administrative
Agent, as the case may be (either such payment being a Required Payment), which notice shall be effective
upon receipt, that the Payor will not make the Required Payment in full to Administrative Agent, Administrative Agent may assume that
the Required Payment has been made in full to Administrative Agent on such date, and Administrative Agent in its sole discretion may,
but shall not be obligated to, in reliance upon such assumption, make the amount thereof available to the intended recipient on such
date. If and to the extent the Payor shall not have in fact so made the Required Payment in full to Administrative Agent, the recipient
of such payment shall repay to Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such amount made available to it together with interest thereon,
for each day from the date such amount was so made available by Administrative Agent until the date Administrative Agent recovers such
amount, at the customary rate set by Administrative Agent for the correction of errors among Banks for three (3) Banking Days and
thereafter at the Base Rate.

(b) With
respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Banks or any Issuing Bank hereunder as to which the
Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such
payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount): (1) the Borrower has not in fact
made such payment; (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not
then owed); or (3) the Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the Banks
or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable
Amount so distributed to such Bank or such Issuing Bank, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including
the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal
Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.
A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Bank or Issuing Bank with respect to any amount owing under this clause (b) shall
be conclusive, absent manifest error.

-89-

(c) If,
after Administrative Agent has paid each Banks share of any payment received or applied by Administrative Agent in respect of the
Loan or participation in a Letter of Credit, that payment is rescinded or must otherwise be returned or paid over by Administrative Agent,
whether pursuant to any bankruptcy or insolvency Law, sharing of payments clause of any loan agreement or otherwise, such Bank shall,
at Administrative Agents request, promptly return its share of such payment or application to Administrative Agent, together with
such Banks proportionate share of any interest or other amount required to be paid by Administrative Agent with respect to such
payment or application. In addition, if a court of competent jurisdiction shall adjudge that any amount received and distributed by Administrative
Agent is to be repaid, each Person to whom any such distribution shall have been made shall either repay to Administrative Agent its share
of the amount so adjudged to be repaid or shall pay over to the same in such manner and to such Persons as shall be determined by such
court. The provisions of this Section 10.12(c) shall survive payment in full of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement.

Section 10.13 [Reserved].

Section 10.14 [Reserved].

Section 10.15 Pro
Rata Treatment. Except to the extent otherwise provided, (1) each advance of proceeds of the Ratable Loans and participation
in a Letter of Credit shall be made by the Banks; (2) each reduction of the amount of the Total Loan Commitment under Section 2.10
shall be applied to the Loan Commitments of the Banks; and (3) each payment of the fee accruing under paragraph (b) of Section 2.07
and clause (1) of Section 2.16(f) shall be made for the account of the Banks, ratably according to the amounts of their
respective Loan Commitments. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each payment in respect of principal or interest
under the Loans shall be applied to such obligations owing to the Banks pro rata according to the respective amounts then due and owing
to the Banks.

Section 10.16 Sharing
of Payments Among Banks. If a Bank shall obtain payment of any principal of or interest on any Loan or other Obligation made
by it through the exercise of any right of setoff, bankers lien, counterclaim, or by any other means (including direct payment),
and such payment results in such Bank receiving a greater payment than it would have been entitled to had such payment been paid directly
to Administrative Agent for disbursement to the Banks, then such Bank shall promptly purchase for cash from the other Banks Participations
in the Loans made by or other Obligations owed to the other Banks in such amounts, and make such other adjustments from time to time
as shall be equitable to the end that all the Banks shall share ratably the benefit of such payment; provided that the provisions of
this Section 10.16 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to and
in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting
Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for herein, or (z) any payment obtained by a Bank as consideration
for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment to the
Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section 10.16 shall apply). To such end the Banks shall make
appropriate adjustments among themselves (by the resale of Participations sold or otherwise) if such payment is rescinded or must otherwise
be restored. Borrower agrees that any Bank so purchasing a Participation in the Loans made by or other Obligations owed to other Banks
may exercise all rights of setoff, bankers lien, counterclaim or similar rights with respect to such Participation. Nothing contained
herein shall require any Bank to exercise any such right or shall affect the right of any Bank to exercise, and retain the benefits of
exercising, any such right with respect to any other indebtedness of Borrower.

-90-

Section 10.17 Possession
of Documents. Each Bank shall keep possession of its own Ratable Loan Note. Administrative Agent shall hold all the other Loan
Documents and related documents in its possession and maintain separate records and accounts with respect thereto, and shall permit the
Banks and their representatives access at all reasonable times to inspect such Loan Documents, related documents, records and accounts.

Section 10.18 No
Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Bookrunners, Arrangers, any Sustainability
Structuring Agent, Syndication Agents, Documentation Agents, Co-Documentation Agents, Managing Agents or Co-Agents listed on the cover
page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in
its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Bank or the Issuing Bank hereunder.

Section 10.19 Administrative
Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial
proceeding relative to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or reimbursement obligation
shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent
shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:

(a) to
file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, reimbursement obligations
and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have
the claims of the Banks, the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Banks and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due
the Banks, the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent under this Agreement) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and

(b) to
collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee,
liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Bank and the Issuing Bank
to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such
payments directly to the Banks and the Issuing Bank, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation,
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative
Agent under Sections 2.07 and 12.04.

-91-

Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Bank or the Issuing Bank
any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Bank or the Issuing
Bank to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Bank or the Issuing Bank in any such proceeding.

Section 10.20 Certain
ERISA Matters.(a) Each Bank (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such
Person became a Bank party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Bank party hereto to the date such Person
ceases being a Bank party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers and not, for the avoidance
of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i) such
Bank is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans
with respect to such Banks entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit,
the Loan Commitments or this Agreement,

(ii) the
transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent
qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption
for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Banks entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance
of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Loan Commitments and this Agreement,

(iii) (A) such
Bank is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE
84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Bank to enter into, participate
in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Loan Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation
in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Loan Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements
of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Bank, the requirements
of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Banks entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Loan Commitments and this Agreement, or

(iv) such
other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and
such Bank.

-92-

(b) In
addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Bank or (2) a
Bank has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause
(a), such Bank further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Bank party hereto, to, and (y) covenants,
from the date such Person became a Bank party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Bank party hereto, for the benefit of, the
Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that none
of the Administrative Agent or the Joint Lead Arrangers is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Bank involved in such Banks
entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Loan Commitments and this
Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any
Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto).

Section 10.21 Recovery
of Erroneous Payments. Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes
a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrower
at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Recipient Party receiving a Rescindable
Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent within two (2) Banking Days after demand the Rescindable Amount received
by such Lender Recipient Party in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and
including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the
greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on
interbank compensation. Each Lender Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value
(under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another)
or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Recipient
Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount.

Article XI

NATURE
OF OBLIGATIONS

Section 11.01 Absolute
and Unconditional Obligations. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that its obligations and liabilities under this Agreement and
under the other Loan Documents shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of (1) any lack of validity or enforceability of
any of the Obligations, any Loan Documents, or any agreement or instrument relating thereto; (2) any change in the time, manner
or place of payment of, or in any other term in respect of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or consent
to any departure from any Loan Documents or any other documents or instruments executed in connection with or related to the Obligations;
(3) any exchange or release of any collateral, if any, or of any other Person from all or any of the Obligations; or (4) any
other circumstances which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, Borrower or any other Person in respect
of the Obligations.

The obligations and liabilities
of Borrower under this Agreement and other Loan Documents shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by any Bank or any
other Person at any time of any right or remedy against Borrower or any other Person which may be or become liable in respect of all
or any part of the Obligations or against any collateral or security or guarantee therefor or right of setoff with respect thereto.

-93-

Section 11.02 Non-Recourse
to Borrowers Principals. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in any of the other Loan Documents,
or in any other instruments, certificates, documents or agreements executed in connection with the Loans (all of the foregoing, for purposes
of this Section, hereinafter referred to, individually and collectively, as the Relevant Documents), no recourse
under or upon any Obligation, representation, warranty, promise or other matter whatsoever shall be had against any of Borrowers
Principals and each Bank expressly waives and releases, on behalf of itself and its successors and assigns, all right to assert any liability
whatsoever under or with respect to the Relevant Documents against, or to satisfy any claim or obligation arising thereunder against,
any of Borrowers Principals or out of any assets of Borrowers Principals, provided, however, that nothing in this Section shall
be deemed to (1) release Borrower from any personal liability pursuant to, or from any of its respective obligations under, the
Relevant Documents, or from personal liability for its fraudulent actions or fraudulent omissions; (2) release any of Borrowers
Principals from personal liability for its or his own fraudulent actions or fraudulent omissions; (3) constitute a waiver of any
obligation evidenced or secured by, or contained in, the Relevant Documents or affect in any way the validity or enforceability of the
Relevant Documents; or (4) limit the right of Administrative Agent and/or the Banks to proceed against or realize upon any collateral
hereafter given for the Loans or other Obligations or any and all of the assets of Borrower (notwithstanding the fact that any or all
of Borrowers Principals have an ownership interest in Borrower and, thereby, an interest in the assets of Borrower) or to name
Borrower (or, to the extent that the same are required by applicable Law or are determined by a court to be necessary parties in connection
with an action or suit against Borrower or any collateral hereafter given for the Loans or other Obligations, any of Borrowers
Principals) as a party defendant in, and to enforce against any collateral hereafter given for the Loans or other Obligations and/or
assets of Borrower any judgment obtained by Administrative Agent and/or the Banks with respect to, any action or suit under the Relevant
Documents so long as no judgment shall be taken (except to the extent taking a judgment is required by applicable Law or determined by
a court to be necessary to preserve Administrative Agents and/or Banks rights against any collateral hereafter given for
the Loans or other Obligations or Borrower, but not otherwise) or shall be enforced against Borrowers Principals or their assets.

Article XII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 12.01 Binding
Effect of Request for Advance. Borrower agrees that, by its acceptance of any advance of proceeds of the Loans under this Agreement,
it shall be bound in all respects by the request for advance submitted on its behalf in connection therewith with the same force and
effect as if Borrower had itself executed and submitted the request for advance and whether or not the request for advance is executed
and/or submitted by an authorized person.

-94-

Section 12.02 Amendments
and Waivers. Except as provided in Section 3.02, no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other
Loan Document nor consent to any departure by Borrower (or, in the case of any guaranty executed and delivered pursuant to clause (y) of
the definition of Unencumbered Assets in Section 1.01, the Subsidiary Guarantor referred to therein) therefrom, shall
in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Required Banks and, solely for purposes of its acknowledgment
thereof, Administrative Agent, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific
purpose for which given; provided, however, that no amendment, waiver or consent shall (1) increase or extend the Loan Commitment
of any Bank without the written consent of such Bank; (2) reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Loans or reimbursement obligations
or any fees due hereunder or any other amount due hereunder or under any Loan Document, without the written consent of each Bank affected
thereby, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.21; (3) postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest
on, the Loans or reimbursement obligations or any fees due hereunder or under any Loan Document without the written consent of each Bank
affected thereby; (4) change the definition of Required Banks, without the written consent of each Bank; (5) amend
Section 9.03, Section 10.15, Section 10.16, this Section or any other provision requiring the consent of all the
Banks, without the written consent of each Bank; (6) waive any default under paragraph (5) of Section 9.01, without the
written consent of each Bank, (7) release all or substantially all of the guaranties executed and delivered pursuant to clause (y) of
the definition of Unencumbered Assets in Section 1.01 or release any guaranties provided by a Parent Entity pursuant
to Section 12.26(c), in each case without the written consent of each Bank, or (8) extend the expiration date of any Letter
of Credit to a date more than one year after the Maturity Date, without the written consent of each Bank; provided further that
no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring
Agent, or the Issuing Bank hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring Agent,
or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to
approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the
consent of all Banks or each affected Bank may be effected with the consent of the applicable Banks other than Defaulting Lenders), except
that (x) the Loan Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Bank and (y) any
waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Banks or each affected Bank that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender
more adversely than other affected Banks shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. Any advance of proceeds of the Loans made,
or any Letter of Credit issued, prior to or without the fulfillment by Borrower of all of the conditions precedent thereto, whether or
not known to Administrative Agent and the Banks, shall not constitute a waiver of any Default or Event of Default or a waiver of the
requirement that all conditions, including the non-performed conditions, shall be required with respect to all future advances and issuances
of Letters of Credit. Neither any failure or delay on the part of Administrative Agent or any Bank to exercise any right hereunder nor
any single or partial exercise of any right or power hereunder or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or
power shall operate as a waiver thereof or preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies
herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. All communications from Administrative Agent to the
Banks requesting the Banks determination, consent, approval or disapproval (i) shall be given in the form of a written notice
to each Bank, (ii) shall be accompanied by a description of the matter or thing as to which such determination, approval, consent
or disapproval is requested and (iii) shall include Administrative Agents recommended course of action or determination in
respect thereof. Each Bank shall reply promptly, but in any event within ten (10) Banking Days (or five (5) Banking Days with
respect to any decision to accelerate or stop acceleration of the Loans and other Obligations) after receipt of the request therefor
by Administrative Agent (the Bank Reply Period). Unless a Bank shall give written notice to Administrative
Agent that it objects to the recommendation or determination of Administrative Agent (together with a written explanation of the reasons
behind such objection) within the Bank Reply Period, such Bank shall be deemed to have approved or consented to such recommendation or
determination.

-95-

Section 12.03 Usury.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents
shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by Applicable Law (the Maximum Rate).
If the Administrative Agent or any Bank shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall
be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower.

Section 12.04 Expenses;
Indemnification; Limitation of Liability. Borrower agrees (i) to reimburse Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring
Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, and Syndication Agents on demand for all reasonable costs, expenses, and charges (including, without
limitation, all reasonable fees and charges of engineers, appraisers and legal counsel) incurred by it in connection with the Loans and
Letters of Credit and the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of the Loan Documents and any amendment or waiver with
respect thereto, (ii) to reimburse each of the Issuing Banks for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such
Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder
and (iii) to reimburse each of the Banks for reasonable legal costs, expenses and charges incurred by each of the Banks in connection
with the performance or enforcement of this Agreement, the Notes, or any other Loan Documents (including such costs, expenses and charges
incurred during any work-out or restructuring of the Loans); provided, however, that Borrower is not responsible for costs, expenses
and charges incurred by the Bank Parties in connection with the administration or syndication of the Loans (other than the fees required
by the Fee Letters). Borrower agrees to indemnify Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring Agent, each Joint Lead Arranger,
and each Bank and their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, advisors and agents (each such Person, an Indemnitee)
from, and hold each of them harmless against, any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, except for Taxes (the indemnification
for which is addressed in Section 3.10), incurred by any of them arising out of or by reason of (x) any claims by brokers due
to acts or omissions by Borrower, (y) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including,
without limitation, the Indemnitees reliance on any Communications executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an
Electronic Record), the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder (including, in the case of the Administrative
Agent and its Related Parties, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) or the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby or (z) any investigation or litigation or other proceedings (including any threatened investigation or litigation or
other proceedings) relating to any actual or proposed use by Borrower of the proceeds of the Loans or the Letters of Credit, including
without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel incurred in connection with any such investigation or litigation
or other proceedings; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment
to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower
or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitees obligations hereunder or under any other
Loan Document, if the Borrower or such Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction.

-96-

None of the Administrative
Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, any Sustainability Structuring Agent, any Bank, and any Related Parties of the foregoing Persons (each
such Person, a Lender-Related Person) shall be liable for any damages, and the Borrower agrees not to assert
any claim, arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications,
electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct and actual damages resulting from such Indemnitees breach of Section 12.20.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Lender-Related
Person, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages)
arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any transaction, agreement or instrument contemplated hereby,
any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof.

The obligations of Borrower
under this Section and under Article III shall survive the repayment of all amounts due under or in connection with any of the
Loan Documents and the termination of the Loans and Letters of Credit, provided, however, that in the case of Article III, such obligations
shall survive only for a period of ninety (90) days after such repayment and termination.

Section 12.05 Assignment;
Participation. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, Borrower, Administrative Agent, the Banks
and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Borrower may not assign or transfer its rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of each Bank (and any attempted assignment or transfer without such consent shall be null and void). Nothing
in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective
successors and assigns permitted hereby, Indemnitees, Participants to the extent provided in this Section 12.05 and, to the
extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Banks) any legal
or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

Any Bank may, without the
consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring Agent, or the Issuing Bank, at any time grant to one
or more banks or other institutions (other than a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and
operated for the primary benefit of a natural person), a Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or
Consolidated Businesses) (each a Participant) participating interests in its Loan (each a Participation).
In the event of any such grant by a Bank of a Participation to a Participant, whether or not Borrower or Administrative Agent was given
notice, such Bank shall remain responsible for the performance of its obligations hereunder, and Borrower and Administrative Agent shall
continue to deal solely and directly with such Bank in connection with such Banks rights and obligations hereunder. Any agreement
pursuant to which any Bank may grant such a participating interest shall provide that such Bank shall retain the sole right and responsibility
to enforce the obligations of Borrower hereunder and under any other Loan Document including, without limitation, the right to approve
any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that such participation
agreement may provide that such Bank will not agree to any modification, amendment or waiver of this Agreement described in the first
proviso to Section 12.02 without the consent of the Participant. Any Participant hereunder shall have the same benefits as any Bank
with respect to the yield protection, increased cost and tax provisions of Article III (subject to the requirements and limitations
therein, including the requirements under Section 3.10(e) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.10(e) shall
be delivered to the participating Bank)), but a Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment than the Bank granting
such Participation would have been entitled to receive. Each Bank that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as
a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal
amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant
Register); provided that no Bank shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register
(including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters
of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish
that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United
States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Bank shall treat
each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding
any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have
no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

-97-

Subject to the conditions
set forth below, any Bank may assign to one or more assignees (each such assignee, an Assignee) all or a portion
of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Loan Commitment and the Loans at the time owing
to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) of:

(i) the
Borrower, provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Bank, an Affiliate of a Bank, an Approved
Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other Assignee; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed
to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Banking
Days after having received written notice thereof requesting the Borrowers approval and containing a legend that states REQUEST
FOR APPROVAL - FAILURE TO OBJECT TO THIS REQUEST WITHIN TEN (10) BANKING DAYS SHALL BE DEEMED APPROVAL;

(ii) the
Administrative Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of any Loan Commitment
to an Assignee that is a Bank with a Loan Commitment immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment; and

(iii) the
Issuing Bank, provided that no consent of the Issuing Bank shall be required for an assignment of any Loan Commitment to an Assignee
that is a Bank with a Loan Commitment immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment.

Such assignments shall be subject to
the following additional conditions:

(1) except
in the case of an assignment to a Bank or an Affiliate of a Bank or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Banks
Loan Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Loan Commitment or Loans of the assigning Bank subject to each such assignment (determined
as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less
than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the
Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

-98-

(2) each
partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Banks rights and obligations under
this Agreement;

(3) the
parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing
and recordation fee of $3,500;

(4) the
Assignee, if it shall not be a Bank, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the Assignee designates
one or more contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and
its related parties or its securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignees
compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws; and

(5) no
such assignment shall be made (A) to the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or (B) to any Defaulting
Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Bank hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described
in this clause (B), or (C) to a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for
the primary benefit of, a natural person).

For the purposes of this Section 12.05,
the term Approved Fund has the following meaning:

Approved
Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in
bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Bank,
(b) an Affiliate of a Bank or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Bank.

Subject to acceptance and
recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the last paragraph of this Section 12.05, from and after the effective
date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, upon (i) execution and delivery of such Assignment and Acceptance, (ii) payment
by such Assignee to the Bank of an amount equal to the purchase price agreed between the Bank and such Assignee and (iii) payment
of the fee described in paragraph (3) above, such Assignee shall be a Bank Party to this Agreement and shall have all the rights
and obligations of a Bank as set forth in such Assignment and Acceptance, and the assigning Bank shall be released from its obligations
hereunder to a corresponding extent (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Banks rights
and obligations under this Agreement, such Bank shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of
Sections 3.01, 3.05, 3.10, and 12.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment;
provided that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will
constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender, and
no further consent or action by any party shall be required. Upon the consummation of any assignment pursuant to this paragraph, substitute
Ratable Loan Notes shall be issued to the assigning Bank and Assignee by Borrower, in exchange for the return of the original Ratable
Loan Note. The obligations evidenced by such substitute notes shall constitute Obligations for all purposes of this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents. In connection with Borrowers execution of substitute notes as aforesaid, Borrower shall deliver to
Administrative Agent evidence, satisfactory to Administrative Agent, of all requisite corporate action to authorize Borrowers execution
and delivery of the substitute notes and any related documents. The Assignee shall, prior to the first date on which interest or fees
are payable hereunder for its account, deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent certification as to exemption from deduction or withholding
of any Taxes in accordance with Section 3.10. Each Assignee shall be deemed to have made the representations contained in, and shall
be bound by the provisions of, Section 3.10.

-99-

In connection with any assignment
of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the
other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent
in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee
of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable
assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting
Lender to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Bank hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund
as appropriate) its full Pro Rata Share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event
that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance
with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of
this Agreement until such compliance occurs.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
any Designated Lender may assign at any time to its Designating Lender, without the consents required by or other limitations set forth
in the first sentence of this paragraph, any or all of the Loans it may have funded hereunder and pursuant to its Designation Agreement.

Any Bank may at any time pledge
or assign or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Bank, including
without limitation any pledge or assignment or grant to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section 12.05 shall
not apply to any such pledge or assignment or grant of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment or grant
of a security interest shall release a Bank from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee or grantee
for such Bank as a party hereto.

-100-

Borrower recognizes that in
connection with a Banks selling of Participations or making of assignments, any or all documentation, financial statements, appraisals
and other data, or copies thereof, relevant to Borrower or the Loans may be exhibited to and retained by any such Participant or Assignee
or prospective Participant or Assignee. In connection with a Banks delivery of any financial statements and appraisals to any such
Participant or Assignee or prospective Participant or Assignee, such Bank shall also indicate that the same are delivered on a confidential
basis. Borrower agrees to provide all assistance reasonably requested by a Bank to enable such Bank to sell Participations or make assignments
of its Loan as permitted by this Section. Each Bank agrees to provide Borrower with notice of all Participations sold by such Bank to
other than its Affiliates. Any Bank or Participant may pledge its Loans or Participations as collateral in accordance with applicable
law.

The Administrative Agent,
acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative
Agents Office a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register
for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Banks, and the Loan Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans and L/C
Obligations and any stated interest, accrued and unpaid interest and any other amounts thereon, owing to, each Bank pursuant to the terms
hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest
error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Banks may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant
to the terms hereof as a Bank hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary and no transfer of
an interest in the Loans or L/C Obligations shall be effective unless and until recorded in the Register. In addition, the Administrative
Agent shall maintain on the Register information regarding the designation, and revocation of designation, of any Bank as a Defaulting
Lender. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Bank, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon
reasonable prior notice. This paragraph shall be construed so that the Loans are at all times maintained in registered form
for purposes of the Code and any applicable regulations (and any other relevant or successor provisions of the Code or such regulations).

Section 12.06 Documentation
Satisfactory. All documentation required from or to be submitted on behalf of Borrower in connection with this Agreement and
the documents relating hereto shall be subject to the prior approval of, and be satisfactory in form and substance to, Administrative
Agent, its counsel and, where specifically provided herein, the Banks. In addition, the persons or parties responsible for the execution
and delivery of, and signatories to, all of such documentation, shall be acceptable to, and subject to the approval of, Administrative
Agent and its counsel and the Banks.

Section 12.07 Notices.

(a) Unless
the party to be notified otherwise notifies the other party in writing as provided in this Section, and except as otherwise provided
in this Agreement, notices shall be given to Administrative Agent by telephone (to the extent permitted hereby), confirmed by writing,
and to the Banks and to Borrower by electronic mail, ordinary mail or overnight courier, receipt confirmed, addressed to such party at
(x) its address on the signature page of this Agreement, in the case of the Administrative Agent, an Issuing Bank or the Borrower
or (y) the address, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire, in the case of a
Bank. Notices shall be effective (1) if by telephone, at the time of such telephone conversation, (2) if given by mail, three
(3) days after mailing; and (3) if given by overnight courier, upon receipt. Notices delivered through electronic communications
to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b).

-101-

(b) Electronic
Communications. Notices and other communications to the Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication
(including e-mail and internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that
the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Bank pursuant to Section 2 if such Bank, has notified the Administrative Agent that
it is incapable of receiving notices under such section by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in
its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved
by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.

Unless
the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received
upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested
function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is
not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening
of business on the next Banking Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website
shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of
notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that,
for both clauses (i) and (ii), if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business
hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business
day for the recipient.

(c) The
Platform. THE PLATFORM (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 6.09) IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE
AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 6.09)
OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT
OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS
OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring Agent, the Syndication Agents or any of their
Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to Borrower, any Bank or any other Person
for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of Borrowers
or the Administrative Agents or any Sustainability Structuring Agents or the Syndication Agents transmission of Borrower
Materials through the internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court
of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such
Agent Party; provided, however, that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to Borrower, any Bank or any other
Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages).

-102-

(d) Change
of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and each Issuing Bank may change its address, electronic mail address,
telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by written notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Bank may change
its address, electronic mail address, telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent. In addition, each Bank agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative
Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number and electronic mail address to which notices and other
communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Bank.

(e) Reliance
by Administrative Agent, Issuing Banks and Banks. Absent its gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court
of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Banks shall be entitled
to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic notices and Ratable Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower
even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other
form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof.
The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, each Bank and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses,
costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower,
except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that such Person acted with
gross negligence or willful misconduct. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may
be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.

Section 12.08 Setoff.
Borrower agrees that, in addition to (and without limitation of) any right of setoff, bankers lien or counterclaim a Bank may
otherwise have, each Bank and its Affiliates shall be entitled, at its option, to offset balances (general or special, time or demand,
provisional or final) held by it for the account of Borrower at any of such Banks or such Affiliates offices, in Dollars
or in any other currency, against any amount payable by Borrower to such Bank or such Affiliate under this Agreement or such Banks
Note, or any other Loan Document which is not paid when due (regardless of whether such balances are then due to Borrower), in which
case it shall promptly notify Borrower and Administrative Agent thereof; provided that such Banks or such Affiliates failure
to give such notice shall not affect the validity thereof, and provided further, that in the event that any Defaulting Lender
shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for
further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.20 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting
Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Banks, and (y) the Defaulting
Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting
Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff.

-103-

Payments by Borrower hereunder
or under the other Loan Documents shall be made without setoff or counterclaim.

Section 12.09 Table
of Contents; Headings. Any table of contents and the headings and captions hereunder are for convenience only and shall not affect
the interpretation or construction of this Agreement.

Section 12.10 Severability.
The provisions of this Agreement are intended to be severable. If for any reason any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid
or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent
of such invalidity or unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction
or the remaining provisions hereof in any jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 12.10, if and
to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief
Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed
to be in effect only to the extent not so limited.

Section 12.11 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument,
and any party hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of
this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this
Agreement.

Section 12.12 Integration.
The Loan Documents and the Fee Letters set forth the entire agreement among the parties hereto relating to the transactions contemplated
thereby and supersede any prior oral or written statements or agreements with respect to such transactions.

Section 12.13 Governing
Law. This Agreement and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based
upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set
forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with,
the Laws of the State of New York (without giving effect to New Yorks principles of conflicts of Laws).

Section 12.14 Waivers.
In connection with the obligations and liabilities as aforesaid, Borrower hereby waives (1) promptness and diligence; (2) notice
of any actions taken by any Bank Party under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto
except to the extent otherwise provided herein; (3) all other notices, demands and protests, and all other formalities of every
kind in connection with the enforcement of the Obligations, the omission of or delay in which, but for the provisions of this Section,
might constitute grounds for relieving Borrower of its obligations hereunder; (4) any requirement that any Bank Party protect, secure,
perfect or insure any Lien on any collateral or exhaust any right or take any action against Borrower or any other Person or any collateral;
(5) any right or claim of right to cause a marshalling of the assets of Borrower; and (6) all rights of subrogation or contribution,
whether arising by contract or operation of law (including, without limitation, any such right arising under the Federal Bankruptcy Code)
or otherwise by reason of payment by Borrower, either jointly or severally, pursuant to this Agreement or other Loan Documents.

-104-

Section 12.15 Jurisdiction;
Immunities. Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Bank hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York
State court sitting in New York County or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in New York
County, and any appellate court from any thereof, over any action or proceeding (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) arising out
of or relating to this Agreement, the Notes or any other Loan Document. Borrower, Administrative Agent, and each Bank irrevocably agree
that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or United States Federal court.
Borrower, Administrative Agent, and each Bank irrevocably consent to the service of any and all process in any such action or proceeding
by the mailing of copies of such process to Borrower, Administrative Agent or each Bank, as the case may be, at the addresses specified
herein. Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Bank agree that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive
and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. Borrower, Administrative Agent
and each Bank further waive any objection to venue in the State of New York and any objection to an action or proceeding in the State
of New York on the basis of forum non conveniens. Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Bank agree that any action or proceeding brought
against Borrower, Administrative Agent or any Bank, as the case may be, shall be brought only in a New York State court sitting in New
York County or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York court sitting in New York County, to the extent
permitted or not expressly prohibited by applicable Law.

Nothing in this Section shall
affect the right of Borrower, Administrative Agent or any Bank to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by Law.

To the extent that Borrower,
Administrative Agent or any Bank have or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether
from service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) with respect to itself or
its property, Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Bank hereby irrevocably waive such immunity in respect of its obligations under
this Agreement, the Notes and any other Loan Document.

BORROWER, ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
AND EACH BANK WAIVE ANY RIGHT EACH SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING (WHETHER IN
CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BROUGHT WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTES, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE LOANS, THE LETTERS OF
CREDIT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY
OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE
THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

-105-

Section 12.16 Designated
Lender. Any Bank (other than a Bank who is such solely because it is a Designated Lender) (each, a Designating Lender)
may at any time designate one (1) Designated Lender to fund Bid Rate Loans on behalf of such Designating Lender subject to the terms
of this Section and the provisions in Section 12.05 shall not apply to such designation. No Bank may designate more than one
(1) Designated Lender. The parties to each such designation shall execute and deliver to Administrative Agent for its acceptance
a Designation Agreement. Upon such receipt of an appropriately completed Designation Agreement executed by a Designating Lender and a
designee representing that it is a Designated Lender, Administrative Agent will accept such Designation Agreement and give prompt notice
thereto to Borrower, whereupon, (i) from and after the Effective Date specified in the Designation Agreement, the
Designated Lender shall become a party to this Agreement with a right to make Bid Rate Loans on behalf of its Designating Lender pursuant
to Section 2.02 after Borrower has accepted the Bid Rate Quote of the Designating Lender and (ii) the Designated Lender shall
not be required to make payments with respect to any obligations in this Agreement except to the extent of excess cash flow of such Designated
Lender which is not otherwise required to repay obligations of such Designated Lender which are then due and payable; provided, however,
that regardless of such designation and assumption by the Designated Lender, the Designating Lender shall be and remain obligated to
Borrower, Administrative Agent and the Banks for each and every of the obligations of the Designating Lender and its related Designated
Lender with respect to this Agreement, including, without limitation, any indemnification obligations under Section 10.05. Each
Designating Lender shall serve as the administrative agent of its Designated Lender and shall on behalf of, and to the exclusion of,
the Designated Lender: (i) receive any and all payments made for the benefit of the Designated Lender and (ii) give and receive
all communications and notices and take all actions hereunder, including, without limitation, votes, approvals, waivers and consents
under or relating to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Any such notice, communication, vote, approval, waiver or consent shall
be signed by the Designating Lender as administrative agent for the Designated Lender and shall not be signed by the Designated Lender
on its own behalf, but shall be binding on the Designated Lender to the same extent as if actually signed by the Designated Lender. Borrower,
Administrative Agent and the Banks may rely thereon without any requirement that the Designated Lender sign or acknowledge the same.
No Designated Lender may assign or transfer all or any portion of its interest hereunder or under any other Loan Document, other than
assignments to the Designating Lender which originally designated such Designated Lender.

Section 12.17 No
Bankruptcy Proceedings. Each of Borrower, the Banks and Administrative Agent hereby agrees that it will not institute against
any Designated Lender or join any other Person in instituting against any Designated Lender any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
insolvency or liquidation proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar Law, for one (1) year and one (1) day
after the payment in full of the latest maturing commercial paper note issued by such Designated Lender.

Section 12.18 USA
Patriot Act, Etc. Each Bank hereby notifies Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub.L.107-56
(signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act) and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is
required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Borrower, which information includes the name and address of Borrower
and other information that will allow such Bank to identify Borrower in accordance with the Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

-106-

Section 12.19 Transitional
Arrangements.

(a) 2022
Credit Agreement Superseded. This Agreement shall supersede the 2022 Credit Agreement in its entirety, except as provided in this
Section 12.19. On the Closing Date, the rights and obligations of the parties under the 2022 Credit Agreement and the Notes
defined therein shall be subsumed within and be governed by this Agreement and the Notes and continue as Obligations hereunder
(except to the extent repaid on the Closing Date). The Banks interests in such Obligations, including participations in Existing
Letters of Credit, shall be reallocated on the Closing Date in accordance with each Banks applicable Pro Rata Share. On the Closing
Date, (A) the loan commitment of each Bank that is a party to the 2022 Credit Agreement but is not a party to this Agreement (an
Exiting Bank) shall be terminated, all outstanding obligations owing to such Exiting Banks under the 2022
Credit Agreement on the Closing Date shall be paid in full, and each Exiting Bank shall cease to be a Bank under this Agreement; provided,
however, that, notwithstanding anything else provided herein or otherwise, any rights of an Exiting Bank under the Loan Documents that
are intended by their express terms to survive termination of the Loan Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of
obligations under any Loan Document shall survive for such Exiting Bank hereunder, and (B) each Person listed on Schedule 1
attached to this Agreement shall be a Bank under this Agreement with the Loan Commitment set forth opposite its name on such Schedule 1.

(b) Return
and Cancellation of Notes. Upon its receipt of the Notes to be delivered hereunder on the Closing Date, each Bank will promptly return
to Borrower, marked Cancelled or Replaced, the notes of Borrower held by such Bank pursuant to the 2022 Credit
Agreement.

(c) Interest
and Fees Under 2022 Credit Agreement. All interest and all commitment, facility and other fees and expenses owing or accruing under
or in respect of the 2022 Credit Agreement shall be calculated as of the Closing Date (prorated in the case of any fractional periods),
and shall be paid on the Closing Date in accordance with the methods specified in the 2022 Credit Agreement as if such agreement was still
in effect.

Section 12.20 Treatment
of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Banks and the Issuing Bank agrees to maintain
the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to
its and its Affiliates respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants, trustees, advisors and representatives
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made
will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the
extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority), (c) to
the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto,
(e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing
provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Assignee
of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its
advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower
or (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or
(y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Bank, the Issuing Bank or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential
basis from a source other than the Borrower.

-107-

In addition, the Administrative
Agent and the Banks may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar
service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Banks in connection with the administration
of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Loan Commitments.

For purposes of this Section,
Information means all information received from the Borrower or any Consolidated Business relating to the Borrower or any
Consolidated Business or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative
Agent, any Bank or the Issuing Bank on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any Consolidated Business, provided
that, in the case of information received from the Borrower or any Consolidated Business after the date hereof, such information is clearly
identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in
this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care
to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.

Each of the Administrative
Agent, the Banks and the Issuing Bank acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning
the Borrower or a Consolidated Business, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material
non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including
United States Federal and state securities Laws.

For the avoidance of doubt,
nothing herein prohibits any individual from communicating or disclosing information regarding suspected violations of laws, rules, or
regulations to a governmental, regulatory, or self-regulatory authority without any notification of any person.

Section 12.21 Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other
document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof
and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Bank, regardless
of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Bank or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent
or any Bank may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any credit extension, and shall continue in full force and
effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain
outstanding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any representation or warranty made hereunder and specified to be made as of a certain date
shall continue to be interpreted as having been made only as of such date.

-108-

Section 12.22 No
Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection
with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges
its Affiliates understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the
Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring Agent, the Arrangers, and the Banks are arms-length commercial transactions
between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring Agent, the Arrangers,
and the Banks, on the other hand, (B) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent
it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions
of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability
Structuring Agent, each Arranger and each Bank is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing
by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of its
Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring Agent, any Arranger nor
any Bank has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those
obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring
Agent, the Arrangers and the Banks and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests
that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring Agent,
any Arranger, nor any Bank has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability
Structuring Agent, any Arranger or any Bank with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with
any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.

Section 12.23 Electronic
Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications
required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Borrower and
each of the Administrative Agent and the Bank Parties agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall
be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic
Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with
the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be
executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts
are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation,
use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format),
or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative
Agent and each of the Bank Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic
Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business,
and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy,
shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Issuing Bank is under any obligation
to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved
by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent and/or Issuing Bank has agreed
to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Bank Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic
Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower and/or any Bank Party without further verification and (b) upon the
request of the Administrative Agent or any Bank Party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed
counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have
the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time.

-109-

Neither the Administrative
Agent nor any Issuing Bank shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability,
effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
in connection with the Administrative Agents or Issuing Banks reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy,
emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur
no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be
a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature)
or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether
or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof).

The Borrower and each Bank
Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement
and/or any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and (ii) waives
any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Bank Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative
Agents and/or any Bank Partys reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result
of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of
any Electronic Signature.

Section 12.24Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Solely to the extent any Bank or Issuing Bank that is an Affected
Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other
agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Bank or Issuing
Bank that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject
to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees
to be bound by:

(a) the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder
which may be payable to it by any Bank or Issuing Bank that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b) the
effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(A) a
reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

-110-

(B) a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other
instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any
other Loan Document; or

(C) the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority.

Section 12.25 Acknowledgement
Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any
swap contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support, and each such
QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect
of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported
QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United
States):

(a) In
the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest
and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such
QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special
Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed
by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party
becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply
to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater
extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood
and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered
Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

(b) As
used in this Section 12.25, the following terms have the following meanings:

BHC Act Affiliate
of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of
such party.

Covered Entity
means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
382.2(b).

-111-

Default Right
has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as
applicable.

QFC
has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C.
5390(c)(8)(D).

Section 12.26 UPREIT
Reorganization.

(a) The
Borrower may elect to reorganize its corporate organizational structure to implement an umbrella partnership real estate
investment trust structure (the Reorganization) whereby upon the consummation of the Reorganization, (i) the
Borrower under this Agreement shall become a subsidiary of a REIT whose shares have trading privileges on the New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE American or which is subject to price quotations on The NASDAQ Stock Markets National Market System (the REIT
Entity) and (ii) the REIT Entity shall own substantially all of its assets and conduct substantially all of its operations
through a limited partnership, limited liability company or other registered business organization (other than a general partnership)
under the laws of any state of the United States or the District of Columbia (the OP) of which the REIT Entity
(or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the REIT Entity) is the general partner, manager, or managing member, as applicable. The Reorganization
may be effectuated, among other options, by (1) the Borrower forming an OP and contributing all or substantially all of its assets
to the OP (and/or Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of the OP) (a Drop-Down Conversion) or (2) the Borrower merging
with a direct or indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower, with the Borrower surviving as the OP (or a direct or indirect Wholly
Owned Subsidiary of the OP) of the REIT Entity (an Inversion Conversion).

(b) In
the event of a Drop-Down Conversion, the OP may assume all of the liabilities and obligations under, and the entity constituting the Borrower
immediately prior to the Reorganization (the Former Borrower Entity) may transfer and assign to the OP all
of its rights and benefits under, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party (and the Former Borrower Entity shall
be released from all liabilities and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Former Borrower Entity
is a party (including, without limitation, any obligations arising as general partner of the OP under applicable state law)) (collectively,
the Assumption Transaction), in each case, subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

(i) the
Borrower shall have given the Administrative Agent and the Banks prior written notice of the Borrowers intent to exercise a Drop-Down
Conversion at least 60 days (or such shorter period as may be permitted by the Administrative Agent) prior to the proposed effective date
of the Assumption Transaction (the Assumption Date);

(ii) the
Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent:

(A) an
assignment and assumption agreement executed by the Borrower and the OP, providing for the OPs assumption of all of the Borrowers
liabilities and obligations under, and the Borrowers transfer and assignment to the OP of all of the Borrowers rights and
benefits under, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party, and, except as set forth in the first sentence
of Section 1.04 hereof or as otherwise expressly set forth herein, the term Borrower shall thereafter refer to the
OP);

-112-

(B) amendments
to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents executed by the Borrower and the OP, as appropriate, as requested by the Administrative
Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, no Banks consent shall be required to effectuate any amendment entered into in reliance on this
Section 12.26;

(C) where
applicable, replacement Notes executed by the OP, payable to each applicable Bank and complying with the terms of Section 2.08;

(D) an
opinion of counsel to the OP, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Banks and covering such matters as the Administrative Agent
may reasonably request in relation to matters covered in opinions concerning the Borrower on the Closing Date;

(E) the
certificates, agreements and other items that would have been delivered under Sections 4.01 (4), (5), (6), (7) and (14) of this Agreement
on behalf of the OP if the OP had been the Borrower on the Closing Date;

(F) An
Authorization Letter executed by the OP effective as of the Assumption Date; and

(G) such
other documents and instruments as the Administrative Agent, or any Bank through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably request;

(iii) no
Default or Event of Default shall exist as of the date the Reorganization or will exist immediately after giving effect thereto;

(iv) the
representations and warranties made or deemed made by the Borrower or the OP in any Loan Document (as amended to incorporate any revisions
associated with the Reorganization) to which the Borrower or the OP is a party shall be true and correct in all material respects (except
in the case of a representation or warranty qualified by materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and
correct in all respects) on the Assumption Date except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely
to an earlier date (in which case such representation and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (except
in the case of a representation or warranty qualified by materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true
in all respects) on and as of such earlier date) and except for changes in factual circumstances not prohibited hereunder;

(v) the
Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from the chief executive officer or chief financial officer of the OP certifying
as to the matters set forth in clauses (iii) and (iv) above; and

(vi) the
Borrower shall have transferred all of its assets to the OP other than those assets the Borrower is permitted to retain in accordance
with Section 12.26(c).

-113-

(c) Immediately
upon the effectiveness of the Reorganization and continuing at all times thereafter:

(i) the
REIT Entitys assets shall consist solely of Equity Interests in the OP or any Wholly Owned Subsidiaries whose assets consist solely
of direct or indirect Equity Interests in the OP (provided, that the REIT Entity may (A) have cash and other assets of nominal value
incidental to its ownership of such Equity Interests, (B) maintain assets on a temporary or pass-through basis that are held for
subsequent payment of dividends or other distributions or for contribution to any Subsidiary, in each case, not otherwise prohibited by
this Agreement, (C) have contract rights related to REIT Entitys status as a public company, (D) have immaterial intercompany
liabilities owing to any Parent Entity (as defined below) by the OP or any Subsidiary thereof and (E) have other assets the aggregate
book value of which does not exceed $30,000,000; and

(ii) neither
the REIT Entity nor any Wholly Owned Subsidiaries thereof whose assets consist solely of direct or indirect Equity Interests in the OP
(each, a Parent Entity) shall have any liabilities other than liabilities that would be reflected in consolidated financial
statements of the OP (provided, that any Parent Entity may have (A) other liabilities incidental to its status as a publicly traded
REIT and not constituting liabilities in respect of indebtedness for borrowed money, including liabilities associated with employment
contracts, employee benefit matters, indemnification obligations pursuant to purchase and sale agreements, and other legacy liabilities
arising pursuant to contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business prior to (and not in contemplation of) the Reorganization,
(B) nonconsensual obligations imposed by operation of applicable Law, (C) obligations in the form of (1) Nonrecourse Debt
Guarantees and (2) contingent obligations in relation to ground leases, (D) obligations in respect of acquisition or merger
transactions (provided that substantially all assets acquired in such transaction are contributed to the OP), disposition or capital markets
transactions (other than the incurrence of debt securities by any Parent Entity in respect of with the Parent Entity is an obligor), (E) obligations
in respect of preferred equity issued by any Parent Entity, (F) obligations of any Parent Entity that may be satisfied solely by
the issuance of any common equity or preferred equity and (G) other immaterial obligations, immaterial intercompany obligations or
other intercompany obligations owing by any Parent Entity to the OP or any Subsidiary of the OP).

If at any time the requirements set forth in this
Section 12.26(c) are not satisfied for a period of more than thirty (30) days (or such longer period as Administrative Agent
may determine with the consent of the Required Banks), the REIT Entity (and, if applicable, each other Parent Entity) shall be required
to provide a guaranty of all of the Borrowers Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents pursuant to a guaranty
agreement, accompanied by customary certificates, opinions and other materials as requested by the Administrative Agent, in each case
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, no breach or failure of condition
precedent to the Reorganization or Default shall be deemed to have occurred as a result of such failure to satisfy the requirements set
forth in this Section 12.26(c) if the Borrower takes the actions required by this paragraph within the time periods set forth
herein.

-114-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC.

By: /s/ Michael Simel

Name: Michael Simel

Title: Senior Vice President, Capital Markets

Address for Notices:

4040 Wilson Blvd, Suite 1000

Arlington, VA 22203

Attention:

Email:

Address of principal place of business, if different than above: n/a

Taxpayer Identification Number: 77-0404318

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Seventh Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (as Administrative Agent)

By: /s/ Jeanmarie Curtis

Name: Jeanmarie Curtis

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Seventh Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (as Bank and Issuing Bank)

By: /s/
Thomas W. Nowak

Name: Thomas W. Nowak

Title: Senior Vice President

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Seventh Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

JPMORGAN
CHASE BANK, N.A. (as Bank, Issuing Bank and Syndication Agent)

By: /s/
Cody A. Canafax

Name: Cody
A. Canafax

Title: Executive
Director

Signature
Page to AvalonBay

Seventh Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

WELLS
FARGO BANK, N.A. (as Bank, Issuing Bank and Syndication Agent)

By:
/s/
Oliver Woodruff

Name:
Oliver
Woodruff

Title:
Vice
President

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Seventh
Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

DEUTSCHE
BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH

By:
/s/
Alison Lugo

Name: Alison
Lugo

Title:
Vice
President

By:
/s/
Marko Lukin

Name:
Marko
Lukin

Title:
Vice
President

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Seventh
Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

MORGAN
STANLEY BANK, N.A.

By:
/s/
Michael King

Name: Michael
King

Title:
Authorized
Signatory

Signature
Page to AvalonBay

Seventh Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

BARCLAYS
BANK PLC

By:
/s/
Craig J. Malloy

Name: Craig
J. Malloy

Title:
Director

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Seventh Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

GOLDMAN
SACHS BANK USA

By:
/s/
Jonathan Dworkin

Name:
Jonathan
Dworkin

Title:
Authorized
Signatory

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Seventh Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

TRUIST
BANK

By:
/s/
C. Vincent Hughes, Jr.

Name:
C.
Vincent Hughes, Jr.

Title: Director

Signature
Page to AvalonBay

Seventh Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

ROYAL
BANK OF CANADA

By:
/s/
Brian Gross

Name:
Brian
Gross

Title: Authorized
Signatory

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Seventh Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

U.S.
BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By:
/s/
Germaine R. Korhone

Name:
Germaine
R. Korhone

Title: Senior
Vice President

Signature
Page to AvalonBay

Seventh
Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

PNC
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By:
/s/
Shari L. Reams-Henofer

Name: Shari
L. Reams-Henofer

Title: Senior
Vice President

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Seventh
Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

THE
BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA

By:
/s/
David Dewar

Name:
David
Dewar

Title:
Director

Signature
Page to AvalonBay

Seventh
Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

MIZUHO
BANK, LTD.

By:
/s/
Donna DeMagistris

Name:
Donna
DeMagistris

Title: Managing
Director

Signature
Page to AvalonBay

Seventh Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

ASSOCIATED
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By:
/s/
Mitchell Vega

Name:
Mitchell
Vega

Title:
Senior
Vice President

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Seventh
Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

BNP
PARIBAS

By:
/s/
James Goodall

Name: James
Goodall

Title:
Managing
Director

By:
/s/
Kyle Fitzpatrick

Name: Kyle
Fitzpatrick

Title: Director

Signature
Page to AvalonBay

Seventh Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

REGIONS
BANK

By:
/s/
William Chalmers

Name: William
Chalmers

Title:
Senior
Vice President

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Seventh Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement

TD
BANK, N.A.

By:
/s/
Willliam M. Brandt, Jr.

Name:
William
M. Brandt, Jr.

Title:
Vice
President

Signature
Page to AvalonBay

Seventh
Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2511411d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Execution Version

DEAL CUSIP #05348JAQ1

REVOLVER CUSIP #05348JAR9

TERM LOAN AGREEMENT

dated as of April 3, 2025

among

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC.,

as Borrower,

TRUIST BANK,

as Administrative Agent and a Bank

TD BANK, N.A. and MIZUHO BANK, LTD.,

as Banks and Syndication Agents,

THE OTHER BANKS SIGNATORY HERETO,

each as a Bank,

and

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC., TD BANK, N.A.,

and MIZUHO BANK, LTD.,

as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers,

Table
of Contents

Page

Article IDEFINITIONS; ETC. 1

Section 1.01 Definitions 1

Section 1.02 Accounting Terms 25

Section 1.03 Computation of Time Periods 25

Section 1.04 Rules of Construction 25

Section 1.05 Interest Rates 25

Section 1.06 [Reserved] 26

Section 1.07 Times of Day 26

Section 1.08 Rounding 26

Article IITHE LOANS 26

Section 2.01 Loans; Purpose 26

Section 2.02 [Reserved] 27

Section 2.03 Advances, Generally 27

Section 2.04 Procedures for Advances 27

Section 2.05 Interest Periods; Renewals 28

Section 2.06 Interest 29

Section 2.07 Fees 29

Section 2.08 Notes 29

Section 2.09 Prepayments 30

Section 2.10 Cancellation of Commitments 30

Section 2.11 Method of Payment 31

Section 2.12 Elections, Conversions or Continuation of Loans 31

Section 2.13 Minimum Amounts 31

Section 2.14 Certain Notices Regarding Elections, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 31

Section 2.15 Late Payment Premium 32

Section 2.16 [Reserved] 32

Section 2.17 [Reserved] 32

Section 2.18 [Reserved] 32

Section 2.19 Additional Loan Commitments 32

Section 2.20 Defaulting Lenders 34

Section 2.21 Sustainability Adjustments Amendment 35

i

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

Article IIIYIELD PROTECTION; ILLEGALITY, ETC. 36

Section 3.01 Additional Costs 36

Section 3.02 Inability to Determine Rates 37

Section 3.03 Illegality 40

Section 3.04 Treatment of Affected Loans 40

Section 3.05 Certain Compensation 41

Section 3.06 Capital or Liquidity Adequacy 41

Section 3.07 Substitution of Banks 42

Section 3.08 Applicability 43

Section 3.09 Time for Notices 43

Section 3.10 Taxes 43

Section 3.11 Designation of a Different Lending Office 47

Article IVCONDITIONS PRECEDENT 47

Section 4.01 Conditions Precedent to the Closing Date 47

Section 4.02 Conditions Precedent to Each Advance 49

Section 4.03 Deemed Representations 49

Article VREPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 50

Section 5.01 Due Organization 50

Section 5.02 Power and Authority; No Conflicts; Compliance With Laws 50

Section 5.03 Legally Enforceable Agreements 50

Section 5.04 Litigation 50

Section 5.05 Good Title to Properties 51

Section 5.06 Taxes 51

Section 5.07 ERISA 51

Section 5.08 No Default on Outstanding Judgments or Orders, Etc. 51

Section 5.09 No Defaults on Other Agreements 52

Section 5.10 Government Regulation 52

Section 5.11 Environmental Protection 52

Section 5.12 Solvency 52

ii

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

Section 5.13 Financial Statements 52

Section 5.14 Valid Existence of Consolidated Subsidiaries 52

Section 5.15 Insurance 52

Section 5.16 Accuracy of Information; Full Disclosure 53

Section 5.17 OFAC 53

Section 5.18 Anti-Corruption Laws 53

Section 5.19 Affected Financial Institution 53

Section 5.20 Covered Entities 53

Section 5.21 Outbound Investment Rules 53

Article VIAFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 54

Section 6.01 Maintenance of Existence 54

Section 6.02 Maintenance of Records 54

Section 6.03 Maintenance of Insurance 54

Section 6.04 Compliance with Laws; Payment of Taxes 54

Section 6.05 Right of Inspection 54

Section 6.06 Compliance With Environmental Laws 54

Section 6.07 Maintenance of Properties 54

Section 6.08 Payment of Costs 55

Section 6.09 Reporting and Miscellaneous Document Requirements 55

Section 6.10 Anti-Corruption Laws 57

Article VIINEGATIVE COVENANTS 58

Section 7.01 Mergers Etc. 58

Section 7.02 [Reserved] 58

Section 7.03 Sale of Assets 58

Section 7.04 Distributions 58

Section 7.05 Sanctions 58

Section 7.06 Anti-Corruption Laws 58

Section 7.07 Outbound Investment Rules 59

iii

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

Article VIIIFINANCIAL COVENANTS 59

Section 8.01 Relationship of Total Outstanding Indebtedness to Capitalization Value 59

Section 8.02 Relationship of Combined EBITDA to Combined Debt Service 59

Section 8.03 Ratio of Unsecured Indebtedness to Unencumbered Asset Value 59

Section 8.04 Relationship of Secured Indebtedness to Capitalization Value 59

Article IXEVENTS OF DEFAULT 60

Section 9.01 Events of Default 60

Section 9.02 Remedies 63

Section 9.03 Application of Funds 63

Article XADMINISTRATIVE AGENT; RELATIONS AMONG BANKS 64

Section 10.01 Appointment, Powers and Immunities of Administrative Agent 64

Section 10.02 Reliance by Administrative Agent 65

Section 10.03 Defaults 65

Section 10.04 Rights of Administrative Agent as a Bank 66

Section 10.05 Indemnification of Administrative Agent 66

Section 10.06 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Banks 66

Section 10.07 Failure of Administrative Agent to Act 67

Section 10.08 Resignation or Removal of Administrative Agent 67

Section 10.09 Amendments Concerning Agency Function 68

Section 10.10 Liability of Administrative Agent 68

Section 10.11 Transfer of Agency Function 68

Section 10.12 Non-Receipt of Funds by Administrative Agent 68

Section 10.13 [Reserved] 69

Section 10.14 [Reserved] 69

Section 10.15 Pro Rata Treatment 69

Section 10.16 Sharing of Payments Among Banks 70

Section 10.17 Possession of Documents 70

Section 10.18 No Other Duties, Etc. 70

Section 10.19 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 70

Section 10.20 Certain ERISA Matters 71

Section 10.21 Recovery of Erroneous Payments 72

iv

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

Article XINATURE OF OBLIGATIONS 72

Section 11.01 Absolute and Unconditional Obligations 72

Section 11.02 Non-Recourse to Borrowers Principals 73

Article XIIMISCELLANEOUS 74

Section 12.01 Binding Effect of Request for Advance 74

Section 12.02 Amendments and Waivers 74

Section 12.03 Usury 75

Section 12.04 Expenses; Indemnification; Limitation of Liability 75

Section 12.05 Assignment; Participation 76

Section 12.06 Documentation Satisfactory 80

Section 12.07 Notices 81

Section 12.08 Setoff 82

Section 12.09 Table of Contents; Headings 83

Section 12.10 Severability 83

Section 12.11 Counterparts 83

Section 12.12 Integration 83

Section 12.13 Governing Law 83

Section 12.14 Waivers 83

Section 12.15 Jurisdiction; Immunities 84

Section 12.16 [Reserved] 85

Section 12.17 [Reserved] 85

Section 12.18 USA Patriot Act, Etc. 85

Section 12.19 [Reserved] 85

Section 12.20 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 85

Section 12.21 Survival of Representations and Warranties 86

Section 12.22 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 86

Section 12.23 Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts 87

Section 12.24 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 88

Section 12.25 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 89

Section 12.26 UPREIT Reorganization 89

v

EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT A - Authorization Letter

EXHIBIT B - Note

EXHIBIT C - [Reserved]

EXHIBIT D - Solvency Certificate

EXHIBIT E - Assignment and Acceptance

EXHIBIT F - [Reserved]

EXHIBIT G - [Reserved]

EXHIBIT H - Acceptance Letter

EXHIBIT I - Form of Guaranty

EXHIBIT J-1 - Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT J-2 - Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT J-3 - Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT J-4 - Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT K - Loan Notice

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 - Loan Commitments

vi

TERM LOAN AGREEMENT dated
as of April 3, 2025 (this Agreement) among AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC., a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the State of Maryland (Borrower); TRUIST BANK or any successor thereto (in
its individual capacity and not as Administrative Agent, Truist), TD BANK, N.A., MIZUHO BANK, LTD., and
the other lenders signatory hereto, as Banks; and TRUIST BANK, as administrative agent for the Banks (in such capacity, together with
its successors in such capacity, Administrative Agent; Truist, TD Bank, N.A., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., the
other lenders signatory hereto, such other lenders who from time to time become Banks pursuant to Section 2.19, 3.07 or 12.05, each
a Bank and collectively, the Banks).

The Borrower has requested
that the Banks provide it with a term loan facility in the original principal amount of $450 million, and the Banks are willing to provide
such term loan facility on the terms and conditions set forth herein. Accordingly, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements,
covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth, Borrower, Administrative Agent and each of the Banks agree as follows:

Article I

DEFINITIONS;
ETC.

Section 1.01 Definitions.
As used in this Agreement the following terms have the following meanings:

Acceptance Letter
has the meaning specified in Section 2.19.

Accordion Amount
means, at any time, $100,000,000.

Acquisition means
the acquisition by Borrower, directly or indirectly, of an interest in multi-family real estate.

Acquisition Asset
means any improved real property asset that has been owned by any of the Borrower, its Consolidated Businesses or any UJV for fewer than
eighteen (18) months, unless the Borrower has made a one-time election (by written notice to the Administrative Agent) to no longer treat
such asset as an Acquisition Asset for purposes of this Agreement.

Additional Costs has
the meaning specified in Section 3.01.

Administrative Agent
has the meaning specified in the preamble.

Administrative Agents Office
means Administrative Agents address located at Truist Bank, Agency Services, 303 Peachtree Street, NE / 25th Floor, Atlanta, GA
30308, or such other address in the United States as Administrative Agent may designate by written notice to Borrower and the Banks.

Administrative Questionnaire
means an administrative questionnaire in a form approved by the Administrative Agent.

Affected Bank has
the meaning specified in Section 3.07.

Affected Financial Institution
means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affected Loan has
the meaning specified in Section 3.04.

Affiliate means, with
respect to any Person (the first Person), any other Person (1) which directly or indirectly controls, or is controlled
by, or is under common control with the first Person; or (2) 10% or more of the beneficial interest in which is directly or indirectly
owned or held by the first Person. The term control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power, alone, to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract,
or otherwise.

Agent Parties has
the meaning specified in Section 12.07(c).

Agreement has the
meaning specified in the preamble.

Applicable Lending Office
means, for each Bank and for its SOFR Loan or Base Rate Loan, as applicable, the lending office of such Bank (or of an Affiliate of such
Bank) designated as such on its signature page hereof or in the applicable Assignment and Acceptance, or such other office of such
Bank (or of an Affiliate of such Bank) as such Bank may from time to time specify to Administrative Agent and Borrower as the office by
which its SOFR Loan or Base Rate Loan, as applicable, is to be made and maintained.

Applicable Margin
means, with respect to Base Rate Loans and SOFR Loans, the respective rates per annum determined at any time, based on the range into
which Borrowers Credit Rating then falls, in accordance with the following table (any change in Borrowers Credit Rating
causing it to move to a different range on the table shall effect an immediate change in the Applicable Margin) and subject to adjustment
pursuant to Section 2.21(d):

Range of Borrowers Credit 

Rating (S&P/Moodys or other

agency equivalent) Applicable Margin for 

Base Rate Loans

(% per annum) Applicable Margin

for SOFR Loans

(% per annum)

A+/A1 or higher 0.00 0.70

A/A2 0.00 0.75

A-/A3 0.00 0.80

BBB+/Baa1 0.00 0.85

BBB/Baa2 0.00 0.95

BBB-/Baa3 0.20 1.20

Below BBB- or unrated/

Below Baa3 or unrated 0.60 1.60

Approved Fund has
the meaning specified in Section 12.05.

Assignee has the meaning
specified in Section 12.05.

Assignment and Acceptance
means an Assignment and Acceptance, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT E, or any other form (including electronic documentation
generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent pursuant to which a Bank assigns and an Assignee assumes
rights and obligations in accordance with Section 12.05.

-2-

Assumption Date has
the meaning specified in Section 12.26.

Assumption Transaction
has the meaning specified in Section 12.26.

Authorization Letter
means a letter agreement executed by Borrower in the form of EXHIBIT A.

Bail-In Action means
the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected
Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation
means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament
and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time
to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the
United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom
relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than
through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

Bank and Banks
have the respective meanings specified in the preamble.

Bank Parties means
Administrative Agent and the Banks.

Bank Reply Period
has the meaning specified in Section 12.02.

Banking
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under
the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agents Office is located.

Base
Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus
1/2 of 1%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Truist as its prime
rate, (c) Term SOFR plus 1.00% and (d) 1.00%. The prime rate is a rate set by Truist based upon various
factors including Truists costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point
for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Truist
shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being
used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.02 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a), (b) and
(d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above.

Base Rate Loan means
all or any portion (as the context requires) of a Banks Loan which shall accrue interest at a rate determined in relation to the
Base Rate.

Beneficial Ownership Certification
means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership Regulation
means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Benefit Plan means
any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan
as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42)
or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan
or plan.

-3-

Borrower has the meaning
specified in the preamble.

Borrower Material
has the meaning in Section 6.09.

Borrowers Accountants
means Ernst & Young, or such other accounting firm(s) of nationally-recognized standing selected by Borrower and reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

Borrowers Credit Rating
means the rating assigned from time to time to Borrowers unsecured and unsubordinated long-term indebtedness by, respectively,
S&P, Moodys and/or one or more other nationally-recognized rating agencies reasonably approved by Administrative Agent. If
such a rating is assigned by only one (1) such rating agency, it must be either S&P or Moodys. If such a rating is assigned
by two (2) such rating agencies, at least one (1) must be S&P or Moodys, and Borrowers Credit Rating
shall be the higher of said ratings, except if the aforesaid ratings are greater than one (1) rating level apart, in which case Borrowers
Credit Rating shall be the rating one level below the higher rating. If such a rating is obtained from more than two (2) such
rating agencies, Borrowers Credit Rating shall be the higher of the lowest two (2) ratings, if at least one
(1) of such two (2) is either S&P or Moodys; if neither of the two (2) lowest ratings is from S&P or Moodys,
then Borrowers Credit Rating shall be the lower of the ratings from S&P and Moodys. Unless such indebtedness
of Borrower is rated by either S&P or Moodys, Borrowers Credit Rating shall be considered unrated for
purposes of this Agreement.

Borrowers Principals
means the officers and directors of Borrower at any applicable time.

Borrowers Share of UJV Combined
Outstanding Indebtedness means the sum of the indebtedness of each of the UJVs contributing to UJV Combined Outstanding
Indebtedness multiplied by Borrowers respective beneficial fractional interests in each such UJV.

-4-

Capitalization Value
means, as of the end of any calendar quarter, the sum, without double-counting, of (1) Combined EBITDA attributable to Wholly-Owned
Assets (other than Acquisition Assets and Construction-in-Process) (less all leasing commissions and management and development fees,
net of any expenses applicable thereto, contributing to such Combined EBITDA) for the period of four quarters then ended, capitalized
at a rate of 5.75% per annum (i.e., divided by 5.75%), (2) Combined EBITDA attributable to Borrowers beneficial interest in
the UJVs (other than with respect to Acquisition Assets or Construction-in-Process) (less all leasing commissions and management and development
fees, net of any expenses applicable thereto, contributing to such Combined EBITDA) for the period of four quarters then ended, capitalized
at a rate of 5.75% per annum (i.e., divided by 5.75%), (3) such leasing commissions and management and development fees for such
period of four quarters as were subtracted from Combined EBITDA pursuant to clauses (1) and (2) above, capitalized at a rate
of 15% per annum (i.e., divided by 15%), (4) unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses,
as of the end of such quarter, as reflected in Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements; provided that no such unrestricted
Cash and Cash Equivalents will be added to Capitalization Value if such unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents have been deducted from
Total Outstanding Indebtedness or Secured Indebtedness in the calculation of the financial covenants in Section 8.01 or Section 8.04,
(5) the aggregate book value (on a cost basis) of land held for future development and Construction-in-Process of Borrower and its
Consolidated Businesses plus Borrowers beneficial interest in the book value (on a cost basis) of land held for future development
and Construction-in-Process of the UJVs (after taking into account any impairments recognized in Borrowers financial statements
in the immediately preceding fiscal quarter), (6) the aggregate book value (on a cost basis) of Acquisition Assets of Borrower and
its Consolidated Businesses plus Borrowers beneficial interest in the book value (on a cost basis) of Acquisition Assets of the
UJVs (after taking into account any impairments recognized in Borrowers financial statements in the immediately preceding fiscal
quarter), (7) the value (at the lower of cost or market in accordance with GAAP) of Performing Notes held by Borrower and its Consolidated
Businesses, (8) Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds, plus (9) without duplication of amounts included in items (2), (3), (6) and
(7) that are attributable to UJVs, the aggregate book value of the Borrowers and its Consolidated Businesses loans
to and investments in minority interests (including preferred equity investments) in other Persons (after taking into account any impairments
recognized in the Borrowers financial statements in the immediately preceding fiscal quarter) plus (10) the aggregate positive
amount of net cash proceeds that would be due to the Borrower from all Equity Forward Contracts that have not yet settled as of such date,
calculated as if such Equity Forward Contracts were settled by the Borrower delivery of its common shares as of, and such net cash proceeds
were actually received on, the last day of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter; provided that such calculation shall exclude
each Equity Forward Contract, if any, with respect to which either (a) the Borrower or the counterparty would not reasonably be expected,
for any reason, to be able to fulfill its obligations thereunder or (b) the Borrower no longer intends to issue shares sufficient
to realize such proceeds; provided that the sum of items (2), (5), (7) and (9) above shall not exceed 40% of Capitalization
Value.

Cash and Cash Equivalents
means (1) cash, (2) direct obligations of the United States Government, including, without limitation, treasury bills, notes
and bonds, (3) interest-bearing or discounted obligations of federal agencies and government-sponsored entities or pools of such
instruments offered by Approved Banks and dealers, including, without limitation, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation participation
sale certificates, Government National Mortgage Association modified pass through certificates, Federal National Mortgage Association
bonds and notes, and Federal Farm Credit System securities, (4) time deposits, domestic and eurodollar certificates of deposit, bankers
acceptances, commercial paper rated at least A-1 by S&P and P-1 by Moodys and/or guaranteed by an Aa rating by Moodys,
an AA rating by S&P or better rated credit, floating rate notes, other money market instruments and letters of credit each issued
by Approved Banks, (5) obligations of domestic corporations, including, without limitation, commercial paper, bonds, debentures and
loan participations, each of which is rated at least AA by S&P and/or Aa2 by Moodys and/or guaranteed by an Aa rating by Moodys,
an AA rating by S&P or better rated credit, (6) obligations issued by states and local governments or their agencies, rated at
least MIG-1 by Moodys and/or SP-1 by S&P and/or guaranteed by an irrevocable letter of credit of an Approved Bank, (7) repurchase
agreements with major banks and primary government security dealers fully secured by the United States Government or agency collateral
equal to or exceeding the principal amount on a daily basis and held in safekeeping and (8) real estate loan pool participations,
guaranteed by an AA rating given by S&P or an Aa2 rating given by Moodys or better rated credit. For purposes of this definition,
Approved Bank means a financial institution which has (x) (A) a minimum net worth of $500,000,000 and/or (B) total
assets of at least $10,000,000,000 and (y) a minimum long-term debt rating of A+ by S&P or A1 by Moodys.

-5-

Closing Date means
the date this Agreement has been executed by all parties and becomes effective pursuant to Section 4.01.

CME means CME Group
Benchmark Administration Limited.

Code means the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Combined Debt Service
means, for any period of time, (1) Borrowers share of total debt service (including principal) paid or payable by Borrower
and its Consolidated Businesses during such period (other than (x) debt service on construction loans until completion of the relevant
construction and other capitalized interest and (y) the amortization of financing fees paid in a prior period) plus a deemed annual
capital expense charge of $150 per apartment unit owned by Borrower or its Consolidated Businesses plus (2) Borrowers beneficial
interest in total debt service (including principal) paid or payable by the UJVs during such period (other than (x) debt service
on construction loans until completion of the relevant construction and other capitalized interest and (y) the amortization of financing
fees paid in a prior period) plus a deemed annual capital expense charge of $150 per apartment unit owned by the UJVs plus (3) preferred
dividends and distributions paid or payable by Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses during such period plus (4) non-cash interest
expense with respect to convertible debt of the Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses during such period. For the avoidance of doubt,
Combined Debt Service shall not include (1) principal repayment at maturity of existing financings, (2) principal payments resulting
from refinancing, condemnation, hazard insurance or other loan payoffs, (3) imposition deposits, real estate taxes, insurance or
other lender-held escrow amounts, (4) swap settlements, or (5) prepayment penalties for prepayment of financings prior to maturity.

Combined EBITDA means,
for any period of time, the sum, without duplication, of (1) Borrowers share of revenues less operating expenses, general
and administrative expenses and property taxes before Interest Expense, income taxes, gains or losses on the sale of real estate and/or
marketable securities and depreciation and amortization for Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses, and adjusted to exclude gains and
losses from extraordinary or non-recurring items, extinguishment or forgiveness of debt, write-ups or write-downs, acquisition costs
for consummated acquisitions, non-cash revenue and non-cash expense attributable to straight lining of rents and (2) Borrowers
beneficial interest in revenues less operating expenses, general and administrative expenses and property taxes before Interest Expense,
income taxes, gains or losses on the sale of real estate and/or marketable securities and depreciation and amortization (after eliminating
appropriate intercompany amounts) applicable to each of the UJVs, and adjusted to exclude gains and losses from extraordinary or non-recurring
items, extinguishment or forgiveness of debt, write-ups or write-downs, acquisition costs for consummated acquisitions, non-cash revenue
and non-cash expense attributable to straight lining of rents, in all cases as reflected in Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements.

Communication means
this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, any amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement,
disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document.

-6-

Conforming Changes
means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR or any proposed Successor Rate, Daily SOFR,
or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate, Daily SOFR, SOFR,
Term SOFR and Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and
other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Banking Day
and U.S. Government Securities Business Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices
and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation
of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent
with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively
feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative
Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document).

Connection Income Taxes
means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch
profits Taxes.

Consolidated Business
means, individually, each Affiliate of Borrower who is or should be included in Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements in
accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Subsidiary
means, individually, each Subsidiary of Borrower who is or should be included in Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements in
accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Financial Statements
means, with respect to any Person, the consolidated balance sheet and related consolidated statement of operations, accumulated deficiency
in assets and cash flows, and footnotes thereto, of such Person, prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Outstanding Indebtedness
means, as of any time, Borrowers share of all indebtedness and liability for borrowed money, secured or unsecured, of Borrower
and its Consolidated Businesses, including mortgage and other notes payable but excluding any indebtedness which is margin indebtedness
on cash and cash equivalent securities, all as reflected in Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements.

Consolidated Tangible Net Worth
means, at any date, Borrowers share of the consolidated stockholders equity of Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses
less their consolidated Intangible Assets, all determined as of such date. For purposes of this definition, Intangible Assets
means with respect to any such intangible assets, the amount (to the extent reflected in determining such consolidated stockholders
equity) of (1) all write-ups (other than write-ups resulting from foreign currency translations and write-ups of assets of a going
concern business made within twelve (12) months after the acquisition of such business) subsequent to September 30, 1994 in the book
value of any asset (other than real property assets) owned by Borrower or a Consolidated Business and (2) all debt discount and expense,
deferred charges, goodwill, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, anticipated future benefit of tax loss carry-forwards, copyrights,
organization or developmental expenses and other intangible assets (in each case, not adjusted for depreciation).

Construction-in-Process
means a property on which construction of improvements (excluding non-revenue generating capital expenditures and excluding costs incurred
prior to construction, all as set forth in the Consolidated Financial Statements) has commenced and is proceeding to completion in the
ordinary course but has not yet been completed (as such completion shall be evidenced by a temporary or permanent certificate of occupancy
permitting use of the entirety of such property). Any such property shall be treated as Construction-in-Process until 24 months from the
date of completion (as evidenced by a certificate of occupancy or its equivalent permitting use of such property by the general public),
unless the Borrower has made a one-time election (by written notice to the Administrative Agent) to no longer treat such property as Construction-in-Process
for purposes of this Agreement.

-7-

Contingent Obligations
means, without duplication, Borrowers share of (1) any contingent obligations of Borrower or its Consolidated Businesses required
to be shown on the balance sheet of Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses in accordance with GAAP and (2) any obligation required
to be disclosed in the footnotes to Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements, guaranteeing partially or in whole any non-Recourse
Debt, lease, dividend or other obligation, exclusive of contractual indemnities (including, without limitation, any indemnity or price-adjustment
provision relating to the purchase or sale of securities or other assets) and guarantees of non-monetary obligations (other than guarantees
of completion) which have not yet been called on or quantified, of Borrower or any of its Consolidated Businesses or of any other Person.
The amount of any Contingent Obligation described in clause (2) shall be deemed to be (a) with respect to a guaranty of interest
or interest and principal, or operating income guaranty, the net present value (using the Base Rate as a discount rate) of the sum of
all payments required to be made thereunder (which in the case of an operating income guaranty shall be deemed to be equal to the debt
service for the note secured thereby), through (i) in the case of an interest or interest and principal guaranty, the stated date
of maturity of the obligation (and commencing on the date interest could first be payable thereunder) or (ii) in the case of an operating
income guaranty, the date through which such guaranty will remain in effect and (b) with respect to all guarantees not covered by
the preceding clause (a), an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such guaranty
is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming Borrower and/or one
or more of its Consolidated Businesses is required to perform thereunder) as recorded on the balance sheet and on the footnotes to the
most recent Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything
contained herein to the contrary, guarantees of completion, of environmental indemnities and relating to fraud, misappropriation, bankruptcy
filings and other bad act indemnities shall not be deemed to be Contingent Obligations unless and until a claim for payment
or performance has been made thereunder, at which time any such guaranty shall be deemed to be a Contingent Obligation in an amount equal
to any such claim. Subject to the preceding sentence, (1) in the case of a joint and several guaranty given by Borrower or one of
its Consolidated Businesses and another Person (but only to the extent such guaranty is recourse, directly or indirectly to Borrower),
the amount of the guaranty shall be deemed to be 100% thereof unless and only to the extent that such other Person has delivered Cash
and Cash Equivalents to secure all or any part of such Persons guaranteed obligations and (2) in the case of joint and several
guarantees given by a Person in which Borrower owns an interest (which guarantees are non-recourse to Borrower), to the extent the guarantees,
in the aggregate, exceed 10% of Capitalization Value, the amount in excess of 10% shall be deemed to be a Contingent Obligation of Borrower.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Contingent Obligations shall be deemed not to include
guarantees of unadvanced funds under any indebtedness of Borrower or its Consolidated Businesses or of construction loans to the extent
the same have not been drawn. All matters constituting Contingent Obligations shall be calculated without duplication.

Continue, Continuation
and Continued refer to the continuation pursuant to Section 2.12 of a Term SOFR Loan as a Term SOFR Loan
from one Interest Period to the next Interest Period.

-8-

Continuing Directors
has the meaning specified in Section 9.01(11).

Convert, Conversion
and Converted refer to a conversion pursuant to Section 2.12 of a Loan of one Type into a Loan of another
Type, each of which may be accompanied by the transfer by a Bank (at its sole discretion) of all or a portion of its Loan from one Applicable
Lending Office to another.

Covenant Finance Lease
means a Finance Lease for which the Borrower determines (a) it is reasonably certain in the future to exercise any purchase option
(if applicable) set forth in such Finance Lease or (b) such Finance Lease will transfer ownership of the underlying asset to lessee
by the end of the lease term.

Covered Entity has
the meaning specified in Section 12.25.

Daily Simple SOFR
with respect to any applicable determination date means the SOFR published on such date on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks
website (or any successor source).

Daily
SOFR means the rate per annum equal to Daily Simple SOFR determined five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business
Days prior to such day pursuant to the definition thereof. Any change in Daily SOFR shall be effective from and including the date of
such change without further notice. If the rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes
of this Agreement.

Daily SOFR Loan means
a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily SOFR.

Debt means (1) indebtedness
or liability for borrowed money, or for the deferred purchase price of property or services (including trade obligations); (2) obligations
as lessee under Covenant Finance Leases; (3) current liabilities in respect of unfunded vested benefits under any Plan; (4) obligations
in respect of letters of credit issued for the account of any Person; (5) all obligations arising under bankers or trade acceptance
facilities; (6) all guarantees, endorsements (other than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), and other
contingent obligations to purchase any of the items included in this definition, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to invest
in any Person, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss; (7) all obligations secured by any Lien on property owned by the Person
whose Debt is being measured, whether or not the obligations have been assumed; and (8) all obligations under any agreement providing
for contingent participation or other hedging mechanisms with respect to interest payable on any of the items described above in this
definition.

Debtor Relief Laws
means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of
creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or
other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.

Default means any
event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become an Event of Default.

Default Rate means
a rate per annum equal to: (1) with respect to Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, a variable rate 2% above the rate of interest
then in effect thereon (including the Applicable Margin); and (2) with respect to Term SOFR Loans, a fixed rate 2% above the rate(s) of
interest in effect thereon (including the Applicable Margin) at the time of Default until the end of the then current Interest Period
therefor and, thereafter, a variable rate 2% above the rate of interest for a Base Rate Loan.

-9-

Defaulting Lender
means, subject to Section 2.20(b), any Bank that, as determined by the Administrative Agent, (a) has failed to perform any of
its funding obligations hereunder, including in respect of its Loans, within three Banking Days of the date required to be funded by it
hereunder unless such Bank notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Banks
reasonable determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable
default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower, or the Administrative
Agent that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to its
funding obligations hereunder (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Banks obligation to fund a Loan hereunder
and states that such position is based on such Banks reasonable determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition
precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied),
(c) has failed, within three Banking Days after request by the Administrative Agent, to confirm in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent that it will comply with its funding obligations (provided that such Bank shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant
to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has
a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or the subject of
a Bail-In Action, (ii) had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person
charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or a custodian appointed for it, or (iii) taken any action in furtherance
of, or indicated its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment; provided that a Bank shall not be
a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Bank or any direct or indirect parent
company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such equity interest does not result in or provide such Bank with immunity from
the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit
such Bank (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Bank.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in clauses (a) through (d) above, any determination by the Administrative Agent that
a Bank is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent
manifest error, and such Bank shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.20(b) upon delivery of written
notice of such determination to the Borrower and each Bank.

Designated Jurisdiction
means any country, region or territory to the extent that such country, region or territory itself is the subject of any Sanction (including,
as of the Closing Date, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea region of Ukraine, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic,
the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic and the non-government controlled Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions of Ukraine).

Disposition means
a sale (whether by assignment, transfer, Division, or Finance Lease) of an asset.

Dividing Person has the meaning assigned
to it in the definition of Division.

-10-

Division means the
division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person) among two or more
Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person
and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive.

Dollars and the sign
$ mean lawful money of the United States of America.

Drop-Down Conversion
has the meaning specified in Section 12.26.

EEA Financial Institution
means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of
an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in
clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of
an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority
means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Elect and Election
refer to election, if any, by Borrower pursuant to Section 2.12 to have all or a portion of an advance of the Loans be outstanding
as SOFR Loans.

Electronic Record
and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as
it may be amended from time to time.

Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds
means the cash proceeds held by a qualified intermediary from the sale of real property of Borrower and its Consolidated
Businesses, which proceeds are intended to be used by such qualified intermediary to acquire one or more replacement properties
that are of like-kind to such real property in an exchange that qualifies as a tax-free exchange under Section 1031
of the Code, and no portion of which proceeds Borrower or any Affiliate has the right to receive, pledge, borrow or otherwise obtain the
benefits of until such time as provided under the applicable exchange agreement (as such terms in quotations are defined
in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1031(k)-1(g)(4) (the Regulations)) or until such exchange is terminated.
Upon the cash proceeds no longer being held by such qualified intermediary pursuant to the Regulations or otherwise no longer qualifying
under the Regulations for like-kind exchange treatment, such proceeds shall cease being Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds.

Environmental Discharge
means any discharge or release of any Hazardous Materials in violation of any applicable Environmental Law.

Environmental Law
means any applicable Law relating to pollution or the environment, including Laws relating to noise or to emissions, discharges, releases
or threatened releases of Hazardous Materials into the work place, the community or the environment, or otherwise relating to the generation,
manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials.

-11-

Environmental Notice
means any written complaint, order, citation or notice from any Person (1) affecting or relating to Borrowers compliance with
any Environmental Law in connection with any activity or operations at any time conducted by Borrower, (2) relating to (a) the
existence of any Hazardous Materials contamination or Environmental Discharges or threatened Hazardous Materials contamination or Environmental
Discharges at any of Borrowers locations or facilities or (b) remediation of any Environmental Discharge or Hazardous
Materials at any such location or facility or any part thereof; or (3) relating to any violation or alleged violation by Borrower
of any relevant Environmental Law.

Equity Forward Contract
means a forward equity contract entered into by the Borrower and a Person that is not a Subsidiary of the Borrower with respect to common
Equity Interests of the Borrower.

Equity Interest means,
with respect to any Person, any share of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, any warrant, option
or other right for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of any share of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests
in) such Person, any security convertible into or exchangeable for any share of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests
in) such Person or warrant, right or option for the purchase or other acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests),
and any other ownership or profit interest in such Person (including, without limitation, partnership, member or trust interests therein),
whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such share, warrant, option, right or other interest is authorized or otherwise existing
on any date of determination.

ERISA means the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate means
any corporation which is a member of the same controlled group of corporations (within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the
Code) as Borrower, or any trade or business which is under common control (within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code)
with Borrower, or any organization which is required to be treated as a single employer with Borrower under Section 414(m) or
414(o) of the Code.

ESG has the meaning
specified in Section 2.21.

ESG Amendment has
the meaning specified in Section 2.21.

ESG Amendment Deadline
has the meaning specified in Section 2.21.

ESG Applicable Margin Adjustments
has the meaning specified in Section 2.21.

ESG Pricing Provisions
has the meaning specified in Section 2.21.

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule
means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to
time.

Event of Default has
the meaning specified in Section 9.01.

-12-

Excluded
Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or
deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and
branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal
office or, in the case of any Bank, its Applicable Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision
thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Bank, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts
payable to or for the account of such Bank with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Loan Commitment pursuant to a law in effect
on the date on which (i) such Bank acquires such interest in the Loan or Loan Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request
by the Borrower under Section 3.07) or (ii) such Bank changes its Applicable Lending Office, except in each case to the
extent that, pursuant to Section 3.10(a) or (c), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such
Banks assignor immediately before such Bank became a party hereto or to such Bank immediately before it changed its Applicable
Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 3.10(e) and (d) any
U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA.

FATCA means Sections
1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor provisions thereof that are substantially
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations (whether temporary or proposed) that
are issued thereunder and official governmental interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of
the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty
or convention among Governmental Authorities entered into in connection with the implementation of the foregoing.

Federal
Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such
days federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York
shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Banking Day by the Federal Reserve Bank
of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero,
such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.

Fee Letters means,
collectively, (i) the letter agreement, dated as of March 26, 2025, among the Borrower, Truist and Truist Securities, Inc.,
(ii) the letter agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025, between Borrower and TD Bank, N.A. and (iii) the letter agreement,
dated as of April 2, 2025, between Borrower and Mizuho Bank, Ltd.

Finance Lease means
any lease which is capitalized on the books of the lessee in accordance with GAAP.

Fiscal Year means
each period from January 1 to December 31.

Foreign Bank means
any Bank that is organized under the Laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or any State thereof.

Former Borrower Entity
has the meaning specified in Section 12.26.

GAAP means generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time, applied on a basis consistent with those
used in the preparation of the financial statements referred to in Section 5.13 (except for changes concurred in by Borrowers
Accountants).

-13-

Good Faith Contest
means the contest of an item if: (1) the item is diligently contested in good faith, and, if appropriate, by proceedings timely instituted;
(2) reserves that are adequate based on reasonably foreseeable likely outcomes are established with respect to the contested item;
(3) during the period of such contest, the enforcement of any contested item is effectively stayed, delayed or postponed; and (4) the
failure to pay or comply with the contested item during the period of the contest is not likely to result in a Material Adverse Change.

Governmental Authority
means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, and any agency, authority, central bank, regulatory
body, court or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government
(including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

Hazardous Materials
means any pollutant, effluents, emissions, contaminants, toxic or hazardous wastes or substances, as any of those terms are defined from
time to time in or for the purposes of any relevant Environmental Law, including asbestos fibers and friable asbestos, polychlorinated
biphenyls, and any petroleum or hydrocarbon-based products or derivatives.

Impacted Loans has
the meaning specified in Section 3.02(a).

Indemnified Taxes
means (a) Taxes other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of Borrower
under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a) above, Other Taxes.

Indemnitee has the
meaning specified in Section 12.04.

Information has the
meaning specified in Section 12.20.

Initial Advance means
the first advance of proceeds of the Loans.

Interest Expense means,
for any period of time, Borrowers share of the consolidated interest expense (without deduction of consolidated interest income,
and excluding (x) interest expense on construction loans and (y) other capitalized interest expense in respect of either construction
activity or construction loans, in any such case under clauses (x) or (y), only until completion of the relevant construction, and
(z) any costs, fees, unamortized deferred financing costs and/or prepayment penalties incurred in connection with the prepayment
of financings) of Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses, including, without limitation or duplication (or, to the extent not so included,
with the addition of), (1) the portion of any rental obligation in respect of any Covenant Finance Lease obligation allocable to
interest expense in accordance with GAAP; (2) the amortization of Debt discounts; (3) the amortization of interest rate swap
agreements; and (4) the interest expense and items listed in clauses (1) through (3) above applicable to each of the UJVs
multiplied by Borrowers respective beneficial interests in the UJVs, in all cases as reflected in Borrowers Consolidated
Financial Statements.

-14-

Interest
Period means, with respect to any Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Term SOFR Loan is disbursed
or converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower
in its Loan Notice (in the case of each requested Interest Period, subject to availability); provided that (i) any such Interest
Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Banking Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Banking Day unless, in the
case of a Term SOFR Loan, such Banking Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding
Banking Day; (ii) any such Interest Period pertaining to a Term SOFR Loan that begins on the last Banking Day of a calendar month
(or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on
the last Banking Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and (iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the
Maturity Date.

Inversion Conversion
has the meaning specified in Section 12.26.

IRS means the Internal
Revenue Service.

Joint Lead Arrangers
or Arrangers means the financial institutions listed on the cover page hereto as Joint Lead Arrangers.

KPI Metrics has the
meaning specified in Section 2.21.

Law means any federal,
state or local statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, order, code, or rule of common law, now or hereafter in effect, and in
each case as amended, and any judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment.

Lender Recipient Party
means, collectively, the Banks.

Lien means any mortgage,
deed of trust, pledge, negative pledge, security interest, hypothecation, assignment for collateral purposes, deposit arrangement, lien
(statutory or other), or other security agreement or charge of any kind or nature whatsoever of any third party (excluding any right of
setoff but including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially
the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code or comparable
Law of any jurisdiction to evidence any of the foregoing and carriers, warehousemen, mechanics and other similar inchoate liens that have
not been insured against in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent).

Loan has the meaning
specified in Section 2.01(b).

Loan Availability Period
means the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the Loan Availability Termination Date.

Loan Availability Termination Date
means the first to occur of (a) the six (6) month anniversary of the Closing Date; (b) the date on which the Loan Commitments
have been fully utilized; and (c) the date on which the Loan Commitments are terminated or reduced to zero in accordance with this
Agreement.

Loan Commitment means,
with respect to each Bank, the obligation to make a Loan in the principal amount set forth in Schedule 1 (subject to change in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement).

-15-

Loan Documents means
this Agreement, the Notes, the Authorization Letter, the Solvency Certificate and any guaranty executed and delivered pursuant to clause
(y) of the definition of Unencumbered Assets in Section 1.01 and any amendments, modifications or supplements
hereto or to any other Loan Document or waivers hereof or to any other Loan Document.

Loan Notice means
a notice of (a) a borrowing of Loans, (b) a Conversion of Loans, or (c) a Continuation of Term SOFR Loans, pursuant to
Section 2.04 or Section 2.14, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit K
or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission
system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower.

Material Adverse Change
means an effect resulting from any circumstance or event or series of circumstances or events, of whatever nature, which does or could
reasonably be expected to, on more than an interim basis, either (1) materially and adversely impair the ability of Borrower and
its Consolidated Businesses, taken as a whole, to fulfill its material obligations under the Loan Documents or (2) cause a Default
or an Event of Default.

Maturity Date means
April 3, 2029; provided, however, that if such date is not a Banking Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Banking Day.

Minimum Request has
the meaning specified in Section 2.19(a).

Moodys means
Moodys Investors Service, Inc.

Multiemployer Plan
means a Plan defined as such in Section 3(37) of ERISA to which contributions have been made by Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and
which is covered by Title IV of ERISA.

New Bank and New
Note have the respective meanings specified in Section 2.19.

Nonrecourse Debt Guarantees
means Contingent Obligations in respect of non-Recourse Debt where liability of the guarantor is limited to customary exceptions for fraud,
misappropriation, bankruptcy filing and other bad acts, environmental liability and other similar and customary exceptions
to non-recourse liability.

Note and Notes
have the respective meanings specified in Section 2.08.

Obligations means
each and every obligation, covenant and agreement of Borrower, now or hereafter existing, contained in this Agreement, and any of the
other Loan Documents, whether for principal, interest, fees, expenses, indemnities or otherwise, and any amendments or supplements thereto,
extensions or renewals thereof or replacements therefor, including but not limited to all indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of
Borrower to Administrative Agent and any Bank now existing or hereafter incurred under or arising out of or in connection with the Notes,
this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and any documents or instruments executed in connection therewith; in each case whether direct
or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, now or hereafter existing, renewed or restructured,
whether or not from time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and including all indebtedness of
Borrower, under any instrument now or hereafter evidencing or securing any of the foregoing.

-16-

OFAC means the Office
of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury.

OP has the meaning
specified in Section 12.26.

Other Connection Taxes
means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction
imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations
under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced
any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).

Other Taxes means
all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under,
from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under,
or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment
(other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.07).

Outbound Investment Rules
means the regulations administered and enforced, together with any related public guidance issued, by the United States Treasury Department
under U.S. Executive Order 14105 of August 9, 2023, or any similar law or regulation; as of the date of this Agreement, and as codified
at 31 C.F.R. 850.101 et seq.

Parent means, with
respect to any Bank, any Person controlling such Bank.

Parent Entity has
the meaning specified in Section 12.26.

Participant and Participation
have the respective meanings specified in Section 12.05.

Participant Register
has the meaning specified in Section 12.05.

Patriot Act has the
meaning specified in Section 12.18.

Payor has the meaning
specified in Section 10.12(a).

PBGC means the Pension
Benefit Guaranty Corporation and any entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.

Performing
Notes means mortgage notes and notes receivable which are not more than thirty (30) days past due or otherwise in
default.

Permitted Convertible Debt
means convertible or exchangeable debt securities of the Borrower (a) that are unsecured, (b) that do not have the benefit of
any guaranty of any Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary has also provided a guaranty of the Obligations, (c) that are not subject to
any sinking fund or any prepayment, redemption or repurchase requirements prior to the maturity date of such indebtedness, whether scheduled,
triggered by specified events or at the option of the holders thereof (it being understood that none of (i) a customary change
in control, fundamental change, asset sale or event of loss put, (ii) a right to
convert such securities into or exchange such securities for common stock of the Borrower, cash or a combination thereof or (iii) an
acceleration upon an event of default will be deemed to constitute such a sinking fund or prepayment, redemption or repurchase requirement),
(d) that have the benefit of covenants and events of default customary for comparable convertible or exchangeable securities (as
determined by the Borrower in good faith), and (e) that are settled upon conversion or exchange by the holders thereof in cash or
shares of common stock of the Borrower or any combination thereof (including convertible or exchangeable securities that require payment
of the principal thereof in cash upon a conversion or exchange).

-17-

Permitted Investments
means any one or more of the following cash, cash items, or government securities within the
meaning of Section 856(c)(4)(A) of the Code: (a) direct obligations of the United States of America, or any agency thereof,
or obligations fully guaranteed as to payment of principal and interest by the United States of America, or any agency thereof, provided
such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America, and provided, however, that any such investment
must have a predetermined fixed dollar amount of principal due at maturity that cannot vary or change; (b) U.S. dollar denominated
time deposits in U.S. financial institutions that are either member banks of the Federal Reserve System or are state-chartered banks regulated
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; and (c) money market funds that are subject to regulation under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, 15 U.S.C. 80a-1 et seq., and comply with the requirements of Rule 2a-7 thereof, as amended.

Person means an individual,
partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture,
Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature.

Plan means any employee
benefit or other plan established or maintained, or to which contributions have been made, by Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and which
is covered by Title IV of ERISA or to which Section 412 of the Code applies.

Platform has the meaning
set forth in Section 6.09.

presence, when used
in connection with any Environmental Discharge or Hazardous Materials, means and includes presence, generation, manufacture, installation,
treatment, use, storage, handling, repair, encapsulation, disposal, transportation, spill, discharge and release.

Pro Rata Share means,
for purposes of this Agreement and with respect to each Bank, (a) prior to the Loan Availability Termination Date, a fraction, the
numerator of which is the amount of such Banks Loan Commitment and the denominator of which is the Total Loan Commitment and (b) from
and after the Loan Availability Termination Date, a fraction, the numerator of which is the outstanding principal amount of such Banks
Loans and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Loans.

Prohibited Transaction
means any transaction proscribed by Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and to which no statutory or administrative
exemption applies.

PTE means a prohibited
transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.

Public Lender has
the meaning specified in Section 6.09.

Recipient
means the Administrative Agent or any Bank.

-18-

Recourse Debt means
Debt, recourse for the payment of which (other than customary exceptions for fraud, misappropriation, bankruptcy filing and other bad
acts, environmental liability and other similar and customary exceptions to non-recourse liability) is not limited to specified
collateral encumbered by Liens securing such Debt (or, in the case of a Person that is a special purpose entity, recourse
is not limited to the assets of such special purpose entity).

Register has the meaning
specified in Section 12.05.

Regulation D means
Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

Regulation T means
Regulation T of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

Regulation U means
Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

Regulation X means
Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

Regulatory
Change means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking
effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation,
implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline
or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
(a) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or
issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (b) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated
by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United
States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Regulatory Change,
regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented.

REIT means a Person
qualifying for treatment as a real estate investment trust under the Code.

REIT Entity has the
meaning specified in Section 12.26.

Related Parties means,
with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators,
managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates.

Relevant Documents
has the meaning specified in Section 11.02.

Reorganization has
the meaning specified in Section 12.26.

Replacement Bank has
the meaning specified in Section 3.07.

Replacement Notice
has the meaning specified in Section 3.07.

Reportable Event means
any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than those events as to which the thirty (30) day notice period
is waived under subsections .13, .14, .16, .18, .19 or .20 of PBGC Reg. 2615.

Requested Increase
has the meaning specified in Section 2.19.

-19-

Required Banks means
at any time the Banks having Pro Rata Shares aggregating at least 51%; provided that the Loan Commitment of, and the portion of
the Loans held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Banks; and
provided further that, at all times when two or more Banks are party to this Agreement, the term Required Banks shall
mean at least two unaffiliated Banks.

Required Payment has
the meaning specified in Section 10.12(a).

Rescindable Amount
has the meaning specified in Section 10.12(b).

Resolution Authority
means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Responsible Officer
means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, vice president, capital markets
or controller of the Borrower and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer of the Borrower
so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer of the Borrower designated
in or pursuant to an agreement between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or
other action on the part of the Borrower and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of the Borrower.

S&P means Standard
and Poors Financial Services LLC, a division of S&P Global, Inc.

Sanction(s) means
any sanctions, trade embargoes or similar restrictions administered or enforced by the United States Government (including without limitation,
OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury (HMT) or other relevant sanctions
authority.

Scheduled Unavailability Date
has the meaning specified in Section 3.02(c).

Secured Indebtedness
means that portion of Total Outstanding Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien.

SLL Principles has
the meaning specified in Section 2.21.

SOFR means the Secured
Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator).

SOFR Loan means a
Daily SOFR Loan and/or a Term SOFR Loan, as the context may require.

Solvency Certificate
means a certificate in the form of EXHIBIT D, to be delivered by Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Solvent means, when
used with respect to any Person, that the fair value of the property of such Person, on a going concern basis, is greater than the total
amount of liabilities (including, without limitation, contingent liabilities) of such Person.

SPTs has the meaning
specified in Section 2.21.

-20-

Subsidiary of a Person
means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares
of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities
or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management
of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise
specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries
of the Borrower.

Successor Rate has
the meaning specified in Section 3.02(b).

Supplemental Note
has the meaning specified in Section 2.19.

Sustainability Adjustment Limitations
has the meaning specified in Section 2.21.

Sustainability Agent Resignation
Effective Date has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 10.08(b).

Sustainability Structuring Agent
has the meaning specified in Section 2.21.

Syndication Agents
means TD Bank, N.A. and Mizuho Bank, Ltd.

Taxes means all present
or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges
in the nature of taxes imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term SOFR means:

(a) for
any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate
is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S.
Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto; and

(b) for
any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to such date with a term of one month commencing that day; provided that if the rate is not
published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government
Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto;

provided
that if the Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise
be less than zero, the Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement.

Term SOFR Loan means
a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR.

-21-

Term SOFR Screen Rate
means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent)
and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may
be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time).

Total Loan Commitment
means an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all Loan Commitments (i.e., $450,000,000 as of the Closing Date, as the same may increase
pursuant to Section 2.19 or decrease pursuant to Section 2.10).

Total Outstanding Indebtedness
means, at any time, the sum, without duplication, of (1) Consolidated Outstanding Indebtedness; (2) Borrowers Share of
UJV Combined Outstanding Indebtedness; and (3) Contingent Obligations.

Truist has the meaning
specified in the preamble.

Type means, with respect
to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, a Term SOFR Loan or a Daily SOFR Loan.

UJV Combined Outstanding Indebtedness
means, as of any time, all indebtedness and liability for borrowed money, secured or unsecured, of the UJVs, on a combined basis, including
mortgage and other notes payable but excluding any indebtedness which is margin indebtedness on cash and cash equivalent securities, all
as reflected in the balance sheets of each of the UJVs, prepared in accordance with GAAP.

UJVs means the unconsolidated
joint ventures (including general and limited partnerships) in which Borrower owns a beneficial interest and which are accounted for under
the equity method in Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements.

UK Financial Institution
means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom
Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by
the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates
of such credit institutions or investment firms.

UK Resolution Authority
means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

Unanimous Bank Notices
has the meaning specified in Section 9.02.

Unencumbered means,
with respect to any asset, that such asset is not, and the direct or indirect interests of Borrower therein are not, subject to any negative
pledge or Lien to secure all or any portion of Secured Indebtedness.

-22-

Unencumbered Asset Value
means, as of the end of any calendar quarter, without duplication, (1) Unencumbered Wholly-Owned Combined EBITDA for the period
of four quarters then ended, capitalized at a rate of 5.75% per annum (i.e., divided by 5.75%), plus (2) Unencumbered Non-Wholly-Owned
Combined EBITDA for the period of four quarters then ended, capitalized at a rate of 5.75% per annum (i.e., divided by 5.75%), plus (3) the
aggregate book value (on a cost basis) of Unencumbered Land and Construction-in-Process (after taking into account any impairments
recognized in Borrowers financial statements in the immediately preceding fiscal quarter), plus (4) the aggregate book value
(on a cost basis) of Unencumbered Assets of Borrower and its Consolidated Business which are Acquisition Assets plus Borrowers
beneficial interest in the book value (on a cost basis) of Unencumbered Assets of the UJVs that are Acquisition Assets (and for which
Borrower substantially controls the financing and sale) (after taking into account any impairments recognized in Borrowers financial
statements in the immediately preceding fiscal quarter), plus (5) unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of Borrower and its Consolidated
Businesses, as of the end of such quarter, as reflected in Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements, to the extent the same
are Unencumbered; provided that no such unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents will be added to Unencumbered Asset Value if such unrestricted
Cash and Cash Equivalents have been deducted from Unsecured Indebtedness in the calculation of the financial covenant in Section 8.03,
plus (6) the value of all Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds, to the extent the same are Unencumbered, plus (7) the value (at the
lower of cost or market in accordance with GAAP) of Performing Notes and investments in minority interests (including preferred equity
investments) in other Persons held by Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses, to the extent the same are Unencumbered plus (8) the
aggregate positive amount of net cash proceeds that would be due to the Borrower from all Equity Forward Contracts that have not yet
settled as of such date, calculated as if such Equity Forward Contracts were settled by the Borrowers delivery of its common shares
as of, and such net cash proceeds were actually received on, the last day of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter; provided
that such calculation shall exclude each Equity Forward Contract, if any, with respect to which either (a) the Borrower or the counterparty
would not reasonably be expected, for any reason, to be able to fulfill its obligations thereunder or (b) the Borrower no longer
intends to issue shares sufficient to realize such proceeds; provided, further, that the amount added to Unencumbered Asset
Value pursuant to this clause (8) shall not exceed 7.5% of the total Unencumbered Asset Value; provided that the sum of clauses
(2), (3) and (7) above shall not exceed 30% of Unencumbered Asset Value.

Unencumbered Assets
are income-producing assets, reflected on Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements, owned (in whole or in part), directly or
indirectly by Borrower which (1) are Unencumbered and (2) have been improved by buildings or other improvements that have been
issued a certificate of occupancy (or its equivalent) and are fully operational. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an asset that would
otherwise qualify as an Unencumbered Asset is owned by a Consolidated Business that has any Recourse Debt, such asset shall not constitute,
and may not be treated as, an Unencumbered Asset unless and until the earlier to occur of (x) such Recourse Debt has been repaid
in full in cash and all loan documents evidencing such Recourse Debt have been terminated (other than customary provisions relating to
contingent obligations in such loan documents intended to survive such termination) and (y) such Consolidated Business executes and
delivers to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Banks, a guaranty of the Obligations in substantially
the form of Exhibit I attached hereto.

Unencumbered Land and Construction-in-Process
means all land held for future development and Construction-in-Process reflected on Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements,
which are wholly-owned, directly or indirectly, by Borrower and are Unencumbered.

Unencumbered Non-Wholly-Owned Combined
EBITDA means that portion of Combined EBITDA attributable to Unencumbered Assets that are not Unencumbered Wholly-Owned
Assets but for which the Borrower substantially controls the sale or financing of such Unencumbered Asset (assuming general and administrative
expense is allocated proportionately to Unencumbered Assets).

-23-

Unencumbered Wholly-Owned Assets
means Unencumbered Assets which are Wholly-Owned Assets.

Unencumbered Wholly-Owned Combined
EBITDA means that portion of Combined EBITDA attributable to Unencumbered Wholly-Owned Assets (assuming general and administrative
expense is allocated proportionately to Unencumbered Wholly-Owned Assets).

Unsecured Indebtedness
means that portion of Total Outstanding Indebtedness that is not secured by a Lien.

U.S. Government Securities Business
Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes
of trading in United States government securities.

U.S. Person means
any United States citizen, lawful permanent resident, entity organized under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within
the United States, including any foreign branch of any such entity, or any person in the United States.

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
has the meaning specified in Section 3.10(e)(ii)(B)(3).

Wholly-Owned Assets
means income-producing assets, which are reflected on Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements, and are wholly-owned, directly
or indirectly, by Borrower.

Wholly Owned Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary of a Person which all of the equity securities or other ownership interests (other than, in the case of a corporation,
directors qualifying shares or, in the case of a trust, trustees qualifying shares, or, in the case of a REIT, preferred
shares issued to comply with Section 856(a)(5) of the Code) are at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such
Person or one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person.

Withholding Agent
means the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

Write-Down and Conversion Powers
means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from
time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described
in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority
under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract
or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that
person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it
or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary
to any of those powers.

-24-

Section 1.02 Accounting
Terms. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance
with GAAP, as in effect from time to time, and all financial data required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared in accordance with
GAAP; provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof
to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision
(or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Banks request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose),
regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision
shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such
notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision shall have been amended in accordance herewith.

Section 1.03 Computation
of Time Periods. Except as otherwise provided herein, in this Agreement, in the computation of periods of time from a specified
date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including and words to and until
each means to but excluding.

Section 1.04 Rules of
Construction. If the Reorganization is consummated in accordance with Section 12.26, upon and following such Reorganization,
for purposes of the financial covenants set forth in Article VIII, all references to the Borrower shall mean the REIT
Entity and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Except as provided otherwise, when used in this Agreement (1) or
is not exclusive; (2) a reference to a Law includes any amendment, modification or supplement to, or replacement of, such Law; (3) a
reference to a Person includes its permitted successors and permitted assigns; (4) all terms used in the singular shall have a correlative
meaning when used in the plural and vice versa; (5) a reference to an agreement, instrument or document shall include such agreement,
instrument or document as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms and as permitted
by the Loan Documents; (6) all references to Articles, Sections or Exhibits shall be to Articles, Sections and Exhibits of this
Agreement unless otherwise indicated; (7) hereunder, herein, hereof and the like refer
to this Agreement as a whole; and (8) all Exhibits to this Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement. Any reference herein
to a merger, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar terms shall be deemed to apply to a division
of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such
a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar
term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person
hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute
such a Person or entity).

Section 1.05 Interest
Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability
with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to
any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is
an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component
of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates
or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative,
successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related
spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information
sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or
replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Bank or any other person or entity for damages
of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether
in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the
selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

-25-

Section 1.06 [Reserved].

Section 1.07 Times
of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard,
as applicable).

Section 1.08 Rounding.
Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate
component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein
and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).

Article II

THE
LOANS

Section 2.01 Loans;
Purpose.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Banks agree to make loans to Borrower as provided in this Article II.

(b) Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Bank severally and not jointly agrees to make term loans in Dollars to the
Borrower (each such loan by a Bank, a Loan) during the Loan Availability Period, upon a request from the Borrower
pursuant to Section 2.04, in an aggregate principal amount up to, but not exceeding such Banks Loan Commitment. The Loans
may be outstanding as (1) Base Rate Loans; (2) Term SOFR Loans; (3) Daily SOFR Loans or (4) a combination of the foregoing,
as Borrower shall elect and notify Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.14. Each Term SOFR Loan, Daily SOFR Loan, and
Base Rate Loan of each Bank shall be maintained at such Banks Applicable Lending Office. Each borrowing of Loans shall be in an
aggregate minimum amount required by Section 2.03. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding three sentences, a borrowing of Loans
may be in the aggregate amount of the unused Loan Commitments. The Borrower shall not request, and the Banks shall not be obligated to
fund, more than four (4) advances of Loans during the Loan Availability Period. Upon a Banks funding of a Loan, such Banks
Loan Commitment shall be permanently reduced by the principal amount of such Loan. All Loan Commitments of the Banks shall terminate on
the Loan Availability Termination Date if not previously terminated pursuant hereto. Any Loans that are repaid may not be reborrowed.

(c) The
obligations of the Banks under this Agreement are several, and no Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Bank to make
any advance of a Loan to be made by such other Bank. However, the failure of any Bank to make any advance of the Loan to be made by it
hereunder on the date specified therefor shall not relieve any other Bank of its obligation to make any advance of its Loan specified
hereby to be made on such date.

-26-

(d) Borrower
shall use the proceeds of the Loans for general capital and working capital requirements of Borrower and its Consolidated Businesses and
UJVs (which shall include, but not be limited to, Acquisitions and/or costs incurred in connection with the development, construction
or reconstruction of multi-family real estate properties). In no event shall proceeds of the Loans be used, directly or indirectly, for
purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U) or in a manner that would violate Regulation T, Regulation U,
or Regulation X, or in connection with a hostile acquisition.

Section 2.02 [Reserved].

Section 2.03 Advances,
Generally. The Initial Advance shall be in the minimum amount of $25,000,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000,000 above such
amount and shall be made upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.01. Subsequent advances shall be made upon satisfaction
of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. The amount of each advance subsequent to the Initial Advance shall be in the minimum
amount of $25,000,000 (unless less than $25,000,000 is available for disbursement pursuant to the terms hereof at the time of any subsequent
advance, in which case the amount of such subsequent advance shall be equal to such remaining availability) and in integral multiples
of $1,000,000 above such amount.

Section 2.04 Procedures
for Advances. Advances of Loans hereunder may be requested by (A) telephone, or (B) a Loan Notice; provided that any
telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Loan Notice. Each Loan Notice shall state
the amount requested and certifying the purpose, in general terms, for which such advance is to be used, no later than 12:00 p.m. (noon)
on the date, (x) in the case of advances of Base Rate Loans and Daily SOFR Loans, which is the same Banking Day as the advance is
to be made, and (y), in the case of advances of Term SOFR Loans, which is three (3) Banking Days, prior to the date the advance
is to be made. Administrative Agent, on the Banking Day of its receipt and approval of the request for advance, will so notify the Banks
either by telephone or by electronic mail. Not later than 11:00 a.m. (or 2:00 p.m. in the case of Base Rate Loans and Daily
SOFR Loans) on the date of each advance, each Bank shall, through its Applicable Lending Office and subject to the conditions of this
Agreement, make the amount to be advanced by it on such day available to Administrative Agent, at Administrative Agents Office
and in immediately available funds for the account of Borrower. The amount of the advance requested by the Borrower (or, if less, the
portion of such requested amount that shall have been paid to the Administrative Agent by the Banks in accordance with the terms hereof)
shall, subject to the conditions of this Agreement, be made available to Borrower, in immediately available funds, by Administrative
Agents crediting an account of Borrower designated by Borrower and maintained with Administrative Agent at Administrative Agents
Office.

-27-

Unless the Administrative
Agent shall have received notice from a Bank prior to the proposed date of any Loan of Term SOFR Loans (or, in the case of any Loan of
Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Loan) that such Bank will not make available to the Administrative
Agent such Banks share of such Loan, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Bank has made such share available on such
date in accordance with the preceding paragraph (or, in the case of a Loan of Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, that such Bank has
made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by the preceding paragraph) and may, in reliance upon such assumption,
make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Bank has not in fact made its share of the applicable Loan
available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Bank and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith
on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such
amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of
a payment to be made by such Bank, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance
with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by
the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest
rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Bank shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or
an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower
for such period. If such Bank pays its share of the applicable Loan to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute
such Banks Loan. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Bank that
shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.

Section 2.05 Interest
Periods; Renewals. In the case of the Term SOFR Loans, Borrower shall select an Interest Period of any duration in accordance
with the definition of Interest Period in Section 1.01, subject to the following limitations: (1) no Interest Period may extend
beyond the Maturity Date; and (2) if an Interest Period would end on a day which is not a Banking Day, such Interest Period shall
be extended to the next Banking Day, unless such Banking Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Period
shall end on the immediately preceding Banking Day. Only eight (8) discrete segments of a Banks Loan bearing interest at
Term SOFR, for a designated Interest Period, pursuant to a particular Election, Conversion or Continuation, may be outstanding at any
one time (each such segment of each Banks Loan corresponding to a proportionate segment of each of the other Banks Loans).
Upon notice to Administrative Agent as provided in Section 2.14, Borrower may Continue any Term SOFR Loan on the last day of the
Interest Period of the same or different duration in accordance with the limitations provided above. If Borrower shall fail to give notice
to Administrative Agent of such a Continuation, such Term SOFR Loan shall automatically become a Term SOFR Loan with an Interest Period
of one (1) month on the last day of the current Interest Period. Administrative Agent shall notify each of the Banks, either by
telephone or by electronic mail, at least two (2) Banking Days prior to the termination of the Interest Period in question in the
event of such failure by Borrower to give such notice of Continuation. Any Daily SOFR Loans shall automatically Continue as such on each
successive day until the Borrower gives notice to Administrative Agent of the Conversion of such Loan to a Term SOFR Loan or to a Base
Rate Loan.

With respect to SOFR, Daily
SOFR or Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without
any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, with respect to any
such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower
and the Banks reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective.

-28-

Section 2.06 Interest.
Borrower shall pay interest to Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Bank on the outstanding and unpaid principal amount
of the Loans, at a rate per annum as follows: (1) for Base Rate Loans at a rate equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin;
(2) for Term SOFR Loans for each Interest Period at a rate equal to the applicable Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable
Margin; and (3) for Daily SOFR Loans at a rate equal to Daily SOFR plus the Applicable Margin. Any principal amount not paid when
due (when scheduled, at acceleration or otherwise) shall bear interest thereafter, payable on demand, at the Default Rate.

The interest rate on Base
Rate Loans shall change when the Base Rate changes and the interest rate on Daily SOFR Loans shall change when Daily SOFR changes. Interest
on Base Rate Loans and SOFR Loans shall not exceed the maximum amount permitted under applicable Law. Interest shall be calculated for
the actual number of days elapsed on the basis of, in the case of Base Rate Loans, three hundred sixty-five (365) or three hundred sixty-six
(366) days, as the case may be, and in the case of SOFR Loans, three hundred sixty (360) days. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for
the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion
is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.11, bear interest
for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all
purposes, absent manifest error.

Accrued interest shall be
due and payable in arrears upon and with respect to any payment or prepayment of principal and, (x) in the case of Base Rate Loans
and Daily SOFR Loans, on the first Banking Day of each calendar month and the Maturity Date and (y) in the case of Term SOFR Loans
at the expiration of the Interest Period applicable thereto, and if the Interest Period for such Term SOFR Loan exceeds three months,
each other date that falls every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period, and the Maturity Date; provided, however, that
interest accruing at the Default Rate shall be due and payable on demand.

Section 2.07 Fees.

(a) Borrower
agrees to pay to and for the accounts of the parties specified therein, the fees provided for in the Fee Letters.

(b) From
and after the 90th day after the Closing Date, Borrower shall pay to Administrative Agent for the account of each Bank a ticking fee computed
on the daily unused Loan Commitment of such Bank at a rate equal to 0.15% per annum, calculated on the basis of a year of three hundred
sixty (360) days for the actual number of days elapsed. The ticking fee shall accrue for each calendar quarter (or portion thereof) and
shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the tenth (10th) day of October, January, April and July of each year, commencing
on the 90th day after the Closing Date, and upon the Loan Availability Termination Date.

Section 2.08 Notes.
At the request of such Bank, the Loan made by each Bank under this Agreement shall be evidenced by, and repaid with interest in accordance
with, a single promissory note of Borrower in the form of EXHIBIT B duly completed and executed by Borrower, in the principal
amount equal to such Banks Loan Commitment, payable to such Bank for the account of its Applicable Lending Office (each such note,
as the same may hereafter be amended, modified, extended, severed, assigned, renewed or restated from time to time, including any new
or substitute notes pursuant to Section 2.19, 3.07 or 12.05, a Note). The Loans and Notes shall mature,
and all outstanding principal of the Loans and accrued interest and other sums thereunder shall be paid in full, on the Maturity Date,
as the same may be accelerated.

-29-

Each Bank is hereby authorized
by Borrower to endorse on the schedule attached to the Note held by it, the amount of each advance and each payment of principal received
by such Bank for the account of its Applicable Lending Office(s) on account of its Loan, which endorsement shall, in the absence
of manifest error, be conclusive as to the outstanding balance of the Loan made by such Bank. The failure by any Bank to make such notations
with respect to the Loans or each advance or payment shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement
or the Notes. In case of any loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any Banks Note, Borrower shall, upon its receipt of an affidavit
of an officer of such Bank as to such loss, theft, destruction or mutilation and an appropriate indemnification, execute and deliver a
replacement Note to such Bank in the same principal amount and otherwise of like tenor as the lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note.

Section 2.09 Prepayments.
Without prepayment premium or penalty but subject to Section 3.05, Borrower may, upon notice to Administrative Agent prior to 11:00
a.m. on the Banking Day of repayment in the case of the Base Rate Loans and Daily SOFR Loans, and at least three (3) Banking
Days notice to Administrative Agent (who shall provide such notice, promptly upon receipt, to each of the Banks) in the case of
Term SOFR Loans, prepay the Loans, provided that (1) any partial prepayment under this Section shall be in integral multiples
of $1,000,000; (2) a Term SOFR Loan may be prepaid at any time, subject, however, to the provisions of Section 3.05; and (3) each
prepayment under this Section shall include all interest accrued on the amount of principal prepaid through the date of prepayment.
Any Loans that are prepaid may not be reborrowed.

Section 2.10 Cancellation
of Commitments.

(a) At
any time, Borrower shall have the right, without premium or penalty, to terminate any unused Loan Commitments, in whole or in part, from
time to time, provided that: (1) Borrower shall give notice of each such termination to Administrative Agent (who shall provide such
notice, promptly upon receipt, to each of the Banks) no later than 10:00 a.m. on the date which is fifteen (15) Banking Days prior
to the effectiveness of such termination; (2) the Loan Commitments of each of the Banks must be terminated ratably and simultaneously
with those of the other Banks; and (3) each partial termination of the Loan Commitments, as a whole (and corresponding reduction
of the Total Loan Commitment) shall be in an integral multiple of $1,000,000.

(b) The
Loan Commitments, to the extent terminated, may not be reinstated.

-30-

Section 2.11 Method
of Payment. All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any
counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Borrower shall make each payment under this Agreement and under the Notes not later than
11:00 a.m. on the date when due in Dollars to Administrative Agent at Administrative Agents Office in immediately available
funds. Administrative Agent will thereafter, on the day of its receipt of each such payment, cause to be distributed to each Bank (1) such
Banks appropriate share determined pursuant to Section 10.15 of the payments of principal and interest in like funds for
the account of such Banks Applicable Lending Office; and (2) fees payable to such Bank in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement. In the event Administrative Agent fails to pay funds received from Borrower to the Banks on the date on which Borrower is
credited with payment, Administrative Agent shall pay interest on such amounts at the Federal Funds Rate until such payment to the Banks
is made. Borrower hereby authorizes Administrative Agent and the Banks, if and to the extent payment by Borrower is not made when due
under this Agreement or under the Notes, to charge from time to time against any account Borrower maintains with Administrative Agent
or any Bank any amount so due to Administrative Agent and/or the Banks. Except to the extent provided in this Agreement, whenever any
payment to be made under this Agreement or under the Notes is due on any day other than a Banking Day, such payment shall be made on
the next succeeding Banking Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of the payment of interest
and other fees, as the case may be.

Unless the Administrative
Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the
account of the Banks hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has
made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Banks the amount due.

Section 2.12 Elections,
Conversions or Continuation of Loans. Subject to the provisions of Article III and Sections 2.05 and 2.13, Borrower shall
have the right to Elect to have all or a portion of any advance of the Loans be Base Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans,
to Convert Loans of one Type to Loans of another Type, or to Continue Term SOFR Loans as Term SOFR Loans, at any time or from time to
time, provided that (1) Borrower shall give Administrative Agent notice of each such Election, Conversion or Continuation as provided
in Section 2.14; and (2) a Term SOFR Loan may be Converted or Continued only on the last day of the applicable Interest Period
for such Term SOFR Loan. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Election, Continuation and Conversion shall be applicable
to each Banks Loan in accordance with its Pro Rata Share.

Section 2.13 Minimum
Amounts. With respect to the Loans as a whole, each Election and each Conversion shall be in an amount at least equal to $1,000,000
and in integral multiples of $250,000.

Section 2.14 Certain
Notices Regarding Elections, Conversions and Continuations of Loans. Notices by Borrower to Administrative Agent of Elections,
Conversions and Continuations of Loans shall be irrevocable, may be given by (A) telephone, or (B) a Loan Notice (provided
that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Loan Notice) and shall be effective
only if received by Administrative Agent not later than 10:30 a.m. on the number of Banking Days prior to the date of the relevant
Election, Conversion or Continuation specified below:

Number of Banking
Days Prior Notice

Conversions of Daily SOFR Loans into Base Rate Loans or Conversions of Base Rate Loans into Daily SOFR Loans same Banking Day

Conversions of Term SOFR Loans into Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans three (3)

Elections
of, Conversions into or Continuations as, Term SOFR Loans three (3)

-31-

; provided, however, that notwithstanding
the foregoing, advances of Loans shall be governed by Section 2.04. Promptly following its receipt of any such notice, and no later
than the close of business on the Banking Day of such receipt, Administrative Agent shall so advise the Banks either by telephone or
by electronic mail. Each such notice of Election shall specify the portion of the amount of the advance that is to be Term SOFR Loans
(subject to Section 2.13) and the duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto (subject to Section 2.05); each such notice
of Conversion shall specify the Term SOFR Loans, Daily SOFR Loans or Base Rate Loans to be Converted; and each such notice of Conversion
or Continuation shall specify the date of Conversion or Continuation (which shall be a Banking Day), the amount thereof (subject to Section 2.13)
and the duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto (subject to Section 2.05). In the event that Borrower fails to Elect
to have any portion of an advance of the Loans be Term SOFR Loans, the entire amount of such advance shall constitute Base Rate Loans.
In the event that Borrower fails to Continue Term SOFR Loans within the time period and as otherwise provided in this Section, such Term
SOFR Loans will automatically become Term SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one (1) month on the last day of the then current
applicable Interest Period for such Term SOFR Loans. Administrative Agent shall notify each of the Banks, either by telephone or by electronic
mail, at least two (2) Banking Days prior to the termination of the Interest Period in question in the event of such failure by
Borrower.

Section 2.15 Late
Payment Premium. Borrower shall, at Administrative Agents option or if directed by the Required Banks and upon notice
to Borrower, pay to Administrative Agent for the account of the Banks a late payment premium in the amount of 4% of any payments of interest
under the Loans made more than ten (10) days after the due date thereof, which shall be due with any such late payment.

Section 2.16 [Reserved].

Section 2.17 [Reserved].

Section 2.18 [Reserved].

Section 2.19 Additional
Loan Commitments.

(a) Borrower
may, from time to time request the Banks to provide incremental Loan Commitments in an amount no greater than the Accordion Amount (such
that the aggregate amount of all Loans made hereunder shall not exceed $550,000,000). The incremental Loan Commitments pursuant to any
such particular request shall be at least an amount (the Minimum Request) equal to the lesser of (x) $25,000,000
(and increments of $5,000,000 in excess thereof) or (y) the Accordion Amount less all previous incremental Loan Commitments pursuant
to this Section. Borrower shall make each such request by giving notice to Administrative Agent and Syndication Agents, which notice shall
set forth the amount (which shall be no less than the Minimum Request) of the requested incremental Loan Commitments (the Requested
Increase) and such other details with respect to such incremental Loans as Administrative Agent and Syndication Agents
shall reasonably request. Upon receipt of such notice, Administrative Agent shall promptly send a copy of such notice to each Bank. Administrative
Agent, Syndication Agents and/or their Affiliates will use commercially reasonable efforts, with the assistance of Borrower, to arrange
a syndicate of Banks with Loans and/or Loan Commitments (including the then-existing Loans and/or Loan Commitments) aggregating the Requested
Increase. Any Bank that is a party to this Agreement prior to such Requested Increase, at its sole discretion, may elect to provide
incremental Loan Commitments but shall not have any obligation to provide incremental Loan Commitments. In the event that each Bank does
not elect to provide incremental Loan Commitments, Administrative Agent, Syndication Agents and/or their Affiliates shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to locate additional lenders willing to provide commitments for the Requested Increase, subject to the approval of
any such proposed lender by the Borrower, and the Borrower may also identify additional lenders willing to provide commitments for the
Requested Increase, provided that the Administrative Agent shall have the right to approve any such additional lender, which approval
will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

-32-

(b) In
connection with incremental Loan Commitments of some or all of the Banks as provided in paragraph (a) above, Borrower shall, at
the request of the applicable Bank, execute supplemental Notes (the Supplemental Notes) evidencing such incremental
Loans, as well as such other confirmatory modifications to this Agreement as Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. In connection
with the addition of lenders as a result of solicitations by Administrative Agent and Syndication Agents pursuant to paragraph (a) above
(New Banks), Borrower, Administrative Agent and each New Bank shall execute an acceptance letter in the form
of EXHIBIT H (the Acceptance Letter), Borrower shall, at the request of the applicable New Bank,
execute a Note to each New Bank in the amount of the New Banks incremental Loan Commitment (a New Note)
and Borrower and Administrative Agent (with the consent of only the New Banks and those Banks providing incremental Loan Commitments)
shall execute such confirmatory modifications to this Agreement as Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, whereupon the New Bank
shall become, and have the rights and obligations of, a Bank, with an incremental Loan Commitment in the amount set forth
in such Acceptance Letter. The Banks shall have no right of approval with respect to a New Banks becoming a Bank or the amount
of its incremental Loan Commitment, provided, however, that Administrative Agent and Syndication Agents shall have such right of approval,
not to be unreasonably withheld. Each Supplemental Note and New Note shall constitute Notes for all purposes of this Agreement.

(c) The
terms and provisions of the new Loans provided pursuant to any incremental Loan Commitments under this Section 2.19 shall be identical
to the existing Loans; provided that the fees payable by the Borrower upon any incremental Loan Commitments shall be agreed upon by the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agents, the New Banks and those Banks providing incremental Loan Commitments. Nothing
in this Section 2.19 shall constitute or be deemed to constitute an agreement or commitment by any Bank to provide any Loan Commitment
hereunder.

-33-

Section 2.20 Defaulting
Lenders. (a) Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Bank becomes a
Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Bank is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:

(i) Waivers
and Amendments. That Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this
Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Banks and Section 12.02.

(ii) Reallocation
of Payments. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that
Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article IX or otherwise, and including any amounts made
available to the Administrative Agent by that Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 12.08), shall be applied at such time or times
as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender
to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists),
to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement,
as determined by the Administrative Agent;; third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in
a non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under
this Agreement; fourth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Banks as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction
obtained by any Bank against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this
Agreement; fifth, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result
of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting
Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and sixth, to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by
a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans in
respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans were made at a time when the
conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all non-Defaulting
Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or
other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender shall be deemed
paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Bank irrevocably consents thereto.

(iii) Certain
Fees. That Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive any ticking fee pursuant to Section 2.07(b) for any period
during which that Bank is a Defaulting Lender.

(b) Defaulting
Lender Cure. If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree in writing in their sole discretion that a Defaulting Lender should
no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective
date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that Bank will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par
that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Banks or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary
to cause the Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Banks in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares, whereupon that Bank will cease
to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made
by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Bank was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent
otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Bank will constitute a waiver or release
of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Banks having been a Defaulting Lender.

-34-

Section 2.21 Sustainability
Adjustments Amendment.

(a) Prior
to August 26, 2025 (the ESG Amendment Deadline), the Borrower, in consultation with the Sustainability
Structuring Agent (as defined below), may in its sole discretion seek to establish specified key performance indicators with respect to
certain environmental, social and governance (ESG) goals of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (such indicators
or ratings, KPI Metrics) and thresholds or targets with respect thereto (in either case, such thresholds or
targets, SPTs) for the calendar years 2025 through 2029, which the Borrower shall confirm are aligned to the
SLL Principles (as defined below). The Borrower (acting reasonably and in consultation with the Administrative Agent and the Sustainability
Structuring Agent) may propose an amendment to this Agreement (such amendment, an ESG Amendment) solely for
the purpose of incorporating the KPI Metrics, the SPTs and other related provisions (the ESG Pricing Provisions)
into this Agreement. Any such ESG Amendment shall become effective upon (i) receipt by the Banks of a lender presentation in regard
to the KPI Metrics and SPTs from the Borrower no later than five (5) Banking Days before the proposed effective date of such proposed
ESG Amendment, (ii) the posting of such proposed ESG Amendment to all Banks and the Borrower, (iii) the identification, and
engagement at the Borrowers cost and expense, of a sustainability assurance provider, which shall be a qualified external reviewer
of nationally recognized standing, independent of the Borrower and its Affiliates and (iv) the receipt by the Administrative Agent
of executed signature pages and consents to such ESG Amendment from the Borrower, the Sustainability Structuring Agent, the Administrative
Agent and Banks comprising at least the Required Banks. Upon the effectiveness of any such ESG Amendment, based on the Borrowers
performance against the KPI Metrics and SPTs, certain adjustments (increase, decrease or no adjustment) (such adjustments, the ESG
Applicable Margin Adjustments) to the otherwise applicable Applicable Margin may be made; provided that (A) the amount
of any such adjustments made pursuant to an ESG Amendment shall not result in a decrease or an increase of more than 0.02% in the Applicable
Margin for SOFR Loans or Base Rate Loans during any calendar year, which pricing adjustments shall be applied in accordance with the terms
as further described in the ESG Pricing Provisions (the provisions of this proviso, the Sustainability Adjustment Limitations)
and (B) in no event shall the Applicable Margin be less than zero. For the avoidance of doubt, the ESG Applicable Margin Adjustments
shall not be cumulative year-over-year and shall only apply until the date on which the next adjustment is due to take place. The KPI
Metrics, the Borrowers performance against the KPI Metrics, and any related ESG Applicable Margin Adjustments resulting therefrom,
will be determined based on certain Borrower certificates, reports and other documents, in each case, setting forth the KPI Metrics in
a manner that is aligned with the Sustainability Linked Loan Principles (as last published in March 2025 by the Loan Market Association,
Asia Pacific Loan Market Association and Loan Syndications & Trading Association, and as further amended, revised or updated
from time to time, the SLL Principles), including with respect to the selection, setting, calculation, certification
and measurement thereof. Following the effectiveness of an ESG Amendment, any modification to the ESG Pricing Provisions shall be subject
only to the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Banks so long as such modification does not have the effect
of (1) increasing or decreasing the Sustainability Adjustment Limitations set forth in the ESG Amendment or (2) reducing the
Applicable Margin to less than zero. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Borrower to provide any reports with respect to KPI Metrics
prior to the effectiveness of an ESG Amendment. As used herein, Sustainability Structuring Agent means a sustainability
structuring agent, which may be a Bank (or Affiliate of a Bank), with respect to the ESG Amendment engaged by the Borrower on terms and
conditions to be mutually agreed between the Borrower and such Sustainability Structuring Agent.

-35-

(b) Each
party to this Agreement hereby agrees that the credit facility described in this Agreement shall cease to be a sustainability-linked loan
if an ESG Amendment has not become effective on or prior to the ESG Amendment Deadline. Until the ESG Amendment has become effective,
no party to this Agreement shall be entitled to represent in any internal or external communication, marketing or publication that the
credit facility described in this Agreement has been classified as a sustainability-linked credit facility, except to the extent that
sustainability-linked adjustments are in effect pursuant to Section 2.21(d).

(c) Other
than with respect to any ESG Amendment (i) increasing or decreasing the Sustainability Adjustment Limitations or (ii) reducing
the Applicable Margin to less than zero (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be subject to the written consent of each Bank
affected thereby in accordance with Section 12.02), this Section 2.21 shall supersede any other clause or provision in
Section 12.02 to the contrary, including any provision of Section 12.02 requiring the consent of each Bank affected thereby
for reductions in interest rates or fees payable hereunder.

(d) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the provisions of Section 2.21 of the Sixth Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement dated as of September 27,
2022 among the Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (the 2022 Revolving Credit
Agreement) (including the definitions from the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement used therein) and Section 6.09(13) of the 2022
Revolving Credit Agreement shall apply to this Agreement from the Closing Date through August 26, 2025, including any Sustainability
Rate Adjustment under and as defined in the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement resulting from (i) the Pricing Certificate (as defined
in the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement) most recently delivered under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement prior to the Closing Date and
(ii) any Pricing Certificate delivered under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement after the Closing Date and on or prior to August 26,
2025, and the Sustainability Rate Adjustment pursuant to such Pricing Certificates shall be effective for the Applicable Sustainability
Pricing Adjustment Period (as defined in the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement) for such Pricing Certificate; provided that if the Pricing
Certificate described in clause (ii) above is delivered, the provisions of Section 2.21 of the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement
(including the definitions from the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement used therein) shall remain effective after August 26, 2025 until
the end of the Applicable Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Period for such Pricing Certificate so long as an ESG Amendment has also become
effective prior to the ESG Amendment Deadline.

Article III

YIELD
PROTECTION; ILLEGALITY, ETC.

Section 3.01 Additional
Costs. Borrower shall pay directly to each Bank from time to time on demand such amounts as may be necessary to compensate it
for any increased costs incurred by it or reduction of the amount received or receivable by it which are attributable to its making,
Converting, Continuing or maintaining any Loan, or its obligation to make, Convert, Continue or maintain a Loan, or any reduction in
any amount receivable by such Bank hereunder in respect of any Loan or such obligations (such increases in costs and reductions in amounts
receivable being herein called Additional Costs), in each case resulting from any Regulatory Change which:

(1) subject
any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the
definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other
obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or

-36-

(2) imposes
or modifies any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, deposit insurance or assessment, minimum capital, capital ratio or similar
requirements relating to any extensions of credit or other assets of, or any deposits with or other liabilities of, such Bank, or any
commitment of such Bank (including such Banks Loan Commitment hereunder); or

(3) imposes
any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement, the Loans or the Notes (or any of such extensions of
credit or liabilities or the London interbank market).

Without limiting the effect
of the provisions of the first paragraph of this Section, in the event that, by reason of any Regulatory Change, any Bank either (1) incurs
Additional Costs based on or measured by the excess above a specified level of the amount of a category of deposits of other liabilities
of such Bank which includes deposits by reference to which SOFR is determined as provided in this Agreement or a category of extensions
of credit or other assets of such Bank which includes loans based on SOFR or (2) becomes subject to restrictions on the amount of
such a category of liabilities or assets which it may hold, then, if such Bank so elects by notice to Borrower (with a copy to Administrative
Agent), the obligation of such Bank to permit Elections of, to Continue, or to Convert Base Rate Loans into, SOFR Loans shall be suspended
(in which case the provisions of Section 3.04 shall be applicable) until such Regulatory Change ceases to be in effect.

Determinations and allocations
by a Bank for purposes of this Section of the effect of any Regulatory Change pursuant to the first or second paragraph of this
Section, on its costs or rate of return of making or maintaining its Loan or portions thereof or on amounts receivable by it in respect
of its Loan or portions thereof, and the amounts required to compensate such Bank under this Section, shall be included in a calculation
of such amounts given to Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

Section 3.02 Inability
to Determine Rates.

(a) If
in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan or Daily SOFR Loan or a conversion of Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans to Term
SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans or a continuation of any Term SOFR Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines
(which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with
Section 3.02(b), and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 3.02(b) or the Scheduled Unavailability
Date has occurred, (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Term SOFR for any requested Interest
Period with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan or (C) adequate and
reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Daily SOFR in connection with an existing or proposed Daily SOFR Loan, or (ii) the
Administrative Agent or the Required Banks determine that for any reason that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period or Daily SOFR
with respect to a proposed Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Banks of funding such Loan, the Administrative
Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Bank.

-37-

Thereafter, (x) the obligation
of the Banks to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, or to convert Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans to Term SOFR Loans
or Daily SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans, Daily SOFR Loans, or Interest Periods), and (y) in
the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization
of the Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case
of a determination by the Required Banks described in clause (ii) of this Section 3.03(a), until the Administrative Agent
upon instruction of the Required Banks) revokes such notice.

Upon receipt of such notice,
(i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, or conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Daily
SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans, Daily SOFR Loans, or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to
have converted such request into a request for a Loan of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein, (ii) any outstanding Term
SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately at the end of their respective applicable Interest Period
and (iii) any outstanding Daily SOFR Loans shall immediately be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans.

(b) Replacement
of SOFR or Successor Rate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative
Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Banks notify the Administrative
Agent (with, in the case of the Required Banks, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Banks (as applicable) have determined,
that:

(i) adequate
and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR, including, without
limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to
be temporary; or

(ii) CME
or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative
Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement
identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate
shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. dollar
denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator
that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific
date (the latest date on which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no
longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date);

-38-

then,
on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date), which
date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and,
solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and
under any Loan Document with Daily SOFR for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent,
in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document
(the Successor Rate).

If the Successor Rate is Daily
SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein, (i) if the Administrative Agent determines that Daily SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement
Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.02(b)(i) or (ii) have
occurred with respect to Daily SOFR or the Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower
may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR, Daily SOFR or any then current Successor Rate in accordance with
this Section 3.02 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated,
as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S.
dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark. and, in each case, including
any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar
U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such benchmark. For the avoidance of doubt,
any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall constitute a Successor Rate. Any such amendment shall become effective
at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Banking Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Banks and the
Borrower unless, prior to such time, Banks comprising the Required Banks have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that
such Required Banks object to such amendment.

The Administrative Agent will
promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower and each Bank of the implementation of any Successor Rate.

Any Successor Rate shall be
applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible
for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative
Agent.

Notwithstanding anything else
herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero%, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be
zero% for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

In connection with the implementation
of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without
any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected,
the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Banks reasonably
promptly after such amendment becomes effective.

-39-

Section 3.03 Illegality.
If any Bank determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any
Bank or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR, Term SOFR or
Daily SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, Term SOFR or Daily SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by such Bank
to the Borrower (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Bank to make or continue Term SOFR Loans or Daily
SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans to Term SOFR Loans or Daily SOFR Loans shall be suspended, and (b) if
such notice asserts the illegality of such Bank making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference
to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Bank shall, if necessary to avoid such
illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until
such Bank notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist.
Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay
or, if applicable, convert all Term SOFR Loans of such Bank to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Bank
shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component
of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Bank may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR
Loan to such day, or immediately, if such Bank may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loan, (ii) the Borrower shall,
upon demand from such Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) immediately prepay, or, if applicable, convert all Daily SOFR Loans
of such Bank to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Bank shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality,
be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate) and (iii) if such notice
asserts the illegality of such Bank determining or charging interest rates based upon SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the
period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Bank without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof until the
Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Bank that it is no longer illegal for such Bank to determine or charge interest rates
based upon SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted,
together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05.

Section 3.04 Treatment
of Affected Loans. If the obligations of any Bank to make or maintain a SOFR Loan, or to permit an Election of a SOFR Loan, to
Continue its Term SOFR Loan, or to Convert its Base Rate Loan into a SOFR Loan, are suspended pursuant to Sections 3.01 or 3.03 (each
SOFR Loan so affected being herein called an Affected Loan), such Banks Affected Loan shall be automatically
Converted into a Base Rate Loan on the last day of the then current Interest Period for the Affected Loan (or, in the case of a Conversion
(or conversion) required by Sections 3.01 or 3.03, on such earlier date as such Bank may specify to Borrower).

To the extent that such Banks
Affected Loan has been so Converted (or the interest rate thereon so converted), all payments and prepayments of principal which would
otherwise be applied to such Banks Affected Loan shall be applied instead to its Base Rate Loan and such Bank shall have no obligation
to Convert its Base Rate Loan into a SOFR Loan.

-40-

Section 3.05 Certain
Compensation. Other than in connection with a Conversion of an Affected Loan, Borrower shall pay to Administrative Agent for
the account of the applicable Bank, upon the request of such Bank through Administrative Agent which request includes a calculation of
the amount(s) due, such amount or amounts as shall be sufficient (in the reasonable opinion of such Bank) to compensate it for any
non-administrative, actual loss, cost or expense which such Bank reasonably determines is attributable to:

(1) any
payment or prepayment of a Term SOFR Loan made by such Bank, or any Conversion or Continuation of a Term SOFR Loan made by such Bank,
in any such case on a date other than the last day of an applicable Interest Period, whether by reason of acceleration or otherwise; or

(2) any
failure by Borrower for any reason to Convert or Continue a Term SOFR Loan to be Converted or Continued by such Bank on the date specified
therefor in the relevant notice under Section 2.14; or

(3) any
failure by Borrower to borrow (or to qualify for a borrowing of) a Term SOFR Loan which would otherwise be made hereunder on the date
specified in the relevant Election notice under Section 2.14 given or submitted by Borrower.

Without limiting the foregoing,
such compensation shall include any loss incurred in obtaining, liquidating or employing deposits from third parties, but excluding loss
of margin for the period after the date of such payment, prepayment, Conversion or Continuation (or failure to Convert, Continue or borrow).
A determination of any Bank as to the amounts payable pursuant to this Section shall be conclusive absent manifest error. No Bank
shall make any request pursuant to this Section 3.05 unless such amounts due to, and costs incurred by, such Bank are equal to or
greater than $100.

Section 3.06 Capital
or Liquidity Adequacy. If any Bank shall have determined that, after the date hereof, any Regulatory Change regarding capital
or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on capital of such Bank (or its Parent) as a consequence
of such Banks obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Bank (or its Parent) could have achieved but for such adoption,
change, request or directive (taking into consideration its policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by such Bank
to be material, then from time to time, within fifteen (15) days after demand by such Bank (with a copy to Administrative Agent), Borrower
shall pay to such Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Bank (or its Parent) for such reduction. A certificate
of any Bank claiming compensation under this Section, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis therefor, shall be conclusive absent
manifest error.

-41-

Section 3.07 Substitution
of Banks. If any Bank (an Affected Bank) (1) makes demand upon Borrower for (or if Borrower
is otherwise required to pay) Additional Costs pursuant to Section 3.01 or additional amounts under Section 3.06 or (2) is
unable to make or maintain a SOFR Loan as a result of a condition described in Section 3.03, or (3) if Borrower is required
to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Bank or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Bank pursuant to
Section 3.10, or (4) becomes a Defaulting Lender, Borrower may, within ninety (90) days of receipt of such demand or notice
(or the occurrence of such other event causing Borrower to be required to pay Additional Costs or causing said Section 3.03 to be
applicable) or such Bank becoming a Defaulting Lender, as the case may be, give written notice (a Replacement Notice)
to Administrative Agent and to each Bank of Borrowers intention either (x) to prepay in full the Affected Banks Note
and to terminate the Affected Banks entire Loan Commitment or (y) to replace the Affected Bank with another financial institution
(the Replacement Bank) designated in such Replacement Notice. In the event Borrower opts to give the notice
provided for in clause (x) above, and if the Affected Bank shall not agree within thirty (30) days of its receipt thereof to waive
the payment of the Additional Costs in question or the effect of the circumstances described in Section 3.03, if applicable, then,
so long as no Default or Event of Default shall exist, Borrower may (notwithstanding the provisions of clause (2) of Section 2.10(a))
terminate the Affected Banks entire Loan Commitment, provided that in connection therewith it pays to the Affected Bank all outstanding
principal and accrued and unpaid interest under the Affected Banks Note, together with all other amounts, if any, due from Borrower
to the Affected Bank, including all amounts properly demanded and unreimbursed under Sections 3.01 and 3.05.

In the event Borrower opts
to give the notice provided for in clause (y) above, and if (i) Administrative Agent shall, within thirty (30) days of its receipt
of the Replacement Notice, notify Borrower and each Bank in writing that the Replacement Bank is reasonably satisfactory to Administrative
Agent and (ii) the Affected Bank shall not, prior to the end of such thirty (30)-day period, agree to waive the payment of the Additional
Costs in question or the effect of the circumstances described in Section 3.03 or clause (2) of Section 3.02, if applicable,
then the Affected Bank shall, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall exist, assign its Note and all of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement to the Replacement Bank, and the Replacement Bank shall assume all of the Affected Banks rights and obligations,
pursuant to an agreement, substantially in the form of an Assignment and Acceptance, executed by the Affected Bank and the Replacement
Bank. In connection with such assignment and assumption, the Replacement Bank shall pay to the Affected Bank an amount equal to the outstanding
principal amount under the Affected Banks Note plus all interest accrued thereon, plus all other amounts, if any (other than the
Additional Costs in question), then due and payable to the Affected Bank; provided, however, that prior to or simultaneously with any
such assignment and assumption, Borrower shall have paid to such Affected Bank all amounts properly demanded and unreimbursed under Sections
3.01 and 3.05. Upon the effective date of such assignment and assumption, the Replacement Bank shall become a Bank party to this Agreement
and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Bank as set forth in such Assignment and Acceptance, and the Affected Bank shall be
released from its obligations hereunder, and no further consent or action by any party shall be required. Upon the consummation of any
assignment pursuant to this Section, a substitute Note shall be issued to the Replacement Bank by Borrower, in exchange for the return
of the Affected Banks Note. The obligations evidenced by such substitute note shall constitute Obligations for all
purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In connection with Borrowers execution of substitute notes as aforesaid,
Borrower shall deliver to Administrative Agent evidence, satisfactory to Administrative Agent, of all requisite corporate action to authorize
Borrowers execution and delivery of the substitute notes and any related documents. Each Replacement Bank shall, prior to the first
date on which interest or fees are payable hereunder for its account, deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent certification as to
a reduction in or exemption from deduction or withholding of any United States federal income or withholding taxes in accordance with
Section 3.10. Each Replacement Bank shall be deemed to have made the representations contained in, and shall be bound by the provisions
of, Section 3.10.

-42-

Borrower, Administrative
Agent and the Banks shall execute such modifications to the Loan Documents as shall be reasonably required in connection with and to
effectuate the foregoing.

Section 3.08 Applicability.
The provisions of this Article III shall be applied to Borrower so as not to discriminate against Borrower vis-a-vis similarly situated
customers of the Banks.

Section 3.09 Time
for Notices. No Bank shall be entitled to compensation under Section 3.01 or Section 3.06 for any costs incurred or
reduction suffered with respect to any date unless such Bank shall have notified the Borrower that it will demand compensation for such
costs or reduction (such notice to provide a computation of such costs or reductions) not more than one hundred twenty (120) days after
such Bank has obtained actual knowledge of an event entitling it to such compensation, except that if such event giving rise to compensation
is retroactive, then the one hundred twenty (120) day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive
effect.

Section 3.10 Taxes.

(a) Payments
Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document
shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined
in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment
by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely
pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is
an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding
has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.10) the applicable
Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.

(b) Payment
of Other Taxes by the Borrower. Without limiting or duplicating the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Borrower shall timely
pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Laws.

(c) Tax
Indemnifications.

(i) Indemnification
by Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any
Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.10)
payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses
arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the
relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Bank (with
a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Bank, shall be conclusive absent
manifest error.

-43-

(ii) Indemnification
by the Banks. Each Bank shall severally indemnify (A) the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor,
for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Bank (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the
Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable
to such Banks failure to comply with the provisions of Section 12.05 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register
and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Bank, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection
with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly
or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority and (B) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, within 10 days
after demand therefor, for any Taxes attributable to such Banks failure to comply with Section 3.10(e) that are
payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising
therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental
Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Bank by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower
shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts
at any time owing to such Bank under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Bank from any other source
against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (c)(ii).

(d) Evidence
of Payments. Upon request by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower
or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.10, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative
Agent or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower, as the case may be, the original or a copy of a receipt issued by such
Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such
payment reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be.

(e) Status
of Banks; Tax Documentation. (i) Any Bank that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect
to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested
by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, or as required by applicable law, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably
requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate
of withholding. In addition, any Bank, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation
prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent to determine whether or not such Bank is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation
set forth in Section 3.10(e)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Banks reasonable
judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Bank to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially
prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Bank.

-44-

(ii) Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the
Code,

(A) any
Bank that is a U.S. Person, as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
on or prior to the date on which such Bank becomes a Bank under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request
of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Bank is exempt from U.S. federal
backup withholding tax;

(B) any
Foreign Bank shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number
of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Bank becomes a Bank under this Agreement
(and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following
is applicable:

(1) in
the case of a Foreign Bank claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to
payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN (or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable) establishing
an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and
(y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN (or IRS Form W-8BEN-E,
as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits
or other income article of such tax treaty;

(2) executed
copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3) in
the case of a Foreign Bank claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a
certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-1 to the effect that such
Foreign Bank is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10-percent shareholder
of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described
in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed copies of
IRS Form W-8BEN (or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable); or

-45-

(4) to
the extent a Foreign Bank is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS
Form W-8BEN (or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-2
or Exhibit J-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents
from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Bank is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect
partners of such Foreign Bank are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Bank may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
substantially in the form of Exhibit J-4 on behalf of each such direct and
indirect partner;

(C) any
Foreign Bank shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number
of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Bank becomes a Bank under this Agreement
(and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other
form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed,
together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent
to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(D) if
a payment made to a Bank under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Bank were to
fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of
the Code, as applicable), such Bank shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by applicable
Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable
law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested
by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations
under FATCA and to determine that such Bank has complied with such Banks obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to
deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to
FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

(iii) Each
Bank agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall
update such form or certification or promptly notify Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

-46-

(f) Treatment
of Certain Refunds. Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for
or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Bank, or have any obligation to pay to any Bank, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds
paid for the account of such Bank. If the Administrative Agent or any Bank determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith,
that it has received a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which
the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.10 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to
this Section 3.10), it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made,
or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or such Bank, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest
paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative
Agent or such Bank, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the
relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Bank in the event the Administrative Agent or such Bank is required
to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event will
the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (f) the amount of which would
place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject
to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments
or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require the Administrative
Agent or any Bank to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to, or
to file for or pursue any refund of Taxes on behalf of, the Borrower or any other Person.

(g) Defined
Terms. For purposes of this Section, the term applicable Laws shall include FATCA.

Section 3.11 Designation
of a Different Lending Office. Each Bank may make any Loan to the Borrower through any Applicable Lending Office, provided that
the exercise of such option shall not affect the Borrowers obligation to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement. If any Bank requests compensation under Section 3.01 or 3.06, or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or
additional amounts to any Bank or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Bank pursuant to Section 3.10, then such Bank
shall (at the request of the Borrower) use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans
hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of
such Bank, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01, 3.06 or 3.10,
as the case may be, in the future, and (ii) would not subject such Bank to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise
be disadvantageous to such Bank. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Bank in connection
with any such designation or assignment.

Article IV

CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT

Section 4.01 Conditions
Precedent to the Closing Date. The effectiveness of this Agreement and the obligation of each Bank to make the Initial Advance
are subject to the condition precedent that Administrative Agent shall have received and approved on or before the Closing Date each
of the following documents, and each of the following requirements shall have been fulfilled:

(1) Fees
and Expenses. The payment of (a) all fees and expenses incurred by Administrative Agent (including, without limitation, the reasonable
fees and expenses of legal counsel) and (b) those fees specified in the Fee Letters to be paid by Borrower on or before the Closing
Date;

-47-

(2) Loan
Agreement and Notes. This Agreement and the Notes for each of the Banks signatory hereto which has requested such Note, each duly
executed by Borrower;

(3) Financial
Statements. Audited Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024;

(4) Evidence
of Formation of Borrower. Certified (as of the Closing Date) copies of Borrowers certificate of incorporation and by-laws,
with all amendments thereto, and a certificate of the Secretary of State of the jurisdiction of formation as to its good standing therein;

(5) Evidence
of All Corporate Action. Certified (as of the Closing Date) copies of all documents evidencing the corporate action taken by Borrower
authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and each other document to be delivered by or on behalf of Borrower
pursuant to this Agreement;

(6) Incumbency
and Signature Certificate of Borrower. A certificate (dated as of the Closing Date) of the secretary of Borrower certifying the names
and true signatures of each person authorized to sign on behalf of Borrower;

(7) Solvency
Certificate. A duly executed Solvency Certificate;

(8) Opinion
of Counsel for Borrower. A favorable opinion, dated the Closing Date, of Goodwin Procter LLP, counsel for Borrower, as to such matters
as Administrative Agent may reasonably request;

(9) Authorization
Letter. The Authorization Letter, duly executed by Borrower;

(10) [Reserved];

(11) Certificate.
The following statements shall be true and Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate dated the Closing Date signed by a duly
authorized signatory of Borrower stating, to the best of the certifying partys knowledge, the following:

(a) All
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and in each of the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of the
Closing Date as though made on and as of such date, and

(b) No
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or could result from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents; and

(c) No
Material Adverse Change exists on and as of the Closing Date;

(12) Fee
Letters. The Fee Letters duly executed by Borrower;

-48-

(13) Covenant
Compliance. A covenant compliance certificate of the sort required by paragraph (3) of Section 6.09 for the most recent
calendar quarter for which Borrower is required to report financial results;

(14) Know-Your-Customer
Information. (x) Upon the written request of any Bank made at least ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date, the Borrower
shall have provided to such Bank the documentation and other information that such Bank reasonably determines is required by regulatory
authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without
limitation, the Patriot Act, in each case at least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date and (y) at least five (5) days
prior to the Closing Date, if the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation,
the Borrower shall have delivered, to each Bank that so requests in writing, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower
(it being acknowledged by the Administrative Agent and the Banks party hereto that, as of the Closing Date, as a publicly traded company
listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the information required to be provided in the Borrowers requisite Beneficial Ownership
Certification shall be limited to the information that such Banks are required to obtain under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation in
respect of such publicly traded companies); and

(15) Additional
Materials. Such other approvals, documents, instruments or opinions as Administrative Agent may reasonably request.

Section 4.02 Conditions
Precedent to Each Advance. The obligation of each Bank to make each advance of the Loans shall be subject to satisfaction of
the following conditions precedent:

(1) All
conditions of Section 4.01 shall have been and remain satisfied as of the date of such advance or issuance or extension;

(2) No
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of the date of the advance or issuance or would result from the making
of such advance, issuance or extension;

(3) Each
of the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and in each of the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in
all material respects as of the date of the advance or issuance, except for representations and warranties which are expressly stated
to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects
as of such earlier date (or in the case of any representation or warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material
Adverse Change or similar language, shall be true and correct in all respects as of the applicable date, after giving effect to
such qualification); and

(4) Administrative
Agent shall have received a request for an advance in accordance with Section 2.04.

Section 4.03 Deemed
Representations. Each request by Borrower for, and acceptance by Borrower of, an advance of proceeds of the Loans, shall constitute
a representation and warranty by Borrower as to the satisfaction of the conditions in clauses (2) and (3) of Section 4.02,
as of both the date of such request and the date of such advance or issuance.

-49-

Article V

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

Borrower represents and warrants to Administrative
Agent and each Bank as follows:

Section 5.01 Due
Organization. Borrower is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization,
has the power and authority to own its assets and to transact the business in which it is now engaged, and, if applicable, is duly qualified
for the conduct of business and in good standing under the Laws of each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required and
where the failure to be so qualified would cause a Material Adverse Change.

Section 5.02 Power
and Authority; No Conflicts; Compliance With Laws. The execution, delivery and performance of the obligations required to be
performed by Borrower of the Loan Documents are within the Borrowers corporate powers, have been authorized by all necessary corporate
action, and do not and will not (a) require the consent or approval of its shareholders or such consent or approval has been obtained,
(b) contravene either its certificate of incorporation or by-laws, (c) to the best of Borrowers knowledge, violate any
provision of, or require any filing, registration, consent or approval under, any Law (including, without limitation, Regulation U),
order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award presently in effect having applicability to it, (d) result in
a breach of or constitute a default under or require any consent under any indenture or loan or credit agreement or any other agreement,
lease or instrument to which it may be a party or by which it or its properties may be bound or affected except for consents which have
been obtained, (e) result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien, upon or with respect to any of its properties
now owned or hereafter acquired or (f) to the best of Borrowers knowledge, cause it to be in default under any such Law,
order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award or any such indenture, agreement, lease or instrument; to the best
of its knowledge, Borrower is in compliance with all Laws applicable to it and its properties where failure to be in compliance with
such Laws could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

Section 5.03 Legally
Enforceable Agreements. Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and is a legal, valid and binding
obligation of Borrower, enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that such enforcement may be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar Laws affecting creditors rights generally.

Section 5.04 Litigation.
There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against Borrower or any of its Affiliates before
any court or arbitrator or any Governmental Authority which are reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change or challenge
the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents.

-50-

Section 5.05 Good
Title to Properties. Borrower and each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries have good, marketable and legal title to all of the properties
and assets each of them purports to own (including, without limitation, those reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements referred
to in Section 5.13), only with exceptions which do not materially detract from the use thereof in Borrowers and such Consolidated
Subsidiarys business, and except to the extent that any such properties and assets have been encumbered or disposed of since the
date of such financial statements without violating any of the covenants contained in Article VII or elsewhere in this Agreement.
Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries enjoy peaceful and undisturbed possession of all ground leased property necessary in any material
respect in the conduct of their respective businesses. All such ground leases are valid and subsisting and are in full force and effect.

Section 5.06 Taxes.
Borrower has filed all income or other material tax returns (federal, state and local) required to be filed by it and has paid all taxes,
assessments and governmental charges and levies due and payable without the imposition of a penalty, including interest and penalties,
except to the extent they are the subject of a Good Faith Contest or the failure to file or pay such Taxes,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Borrower qualifies
as a real estate investment trust under the Code.

Section 5.07 ERISA.
Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable provisions of ERISA. Neither a Reportable Event nor a Prohibited
Transaction has occurred with respect to any Plan which could result in liability of Borrower; no notice of intent to terminate a Plan
has been filed nor has any Plan been terminated within the past five (5) years; no circumstance exists which constitutes grounds
under Section 4042 of ERISA entitling the PBGC to institute proceedings to terminate, or appoint a trustee to administer, a Plan,
nor has the PBGC instituted any such proceedings; Borrower and the ERISA Affiliates have not completely or partially withdrawn under
Sections 4201 or 4204 of ERISA from a Multiemployer Plan; Borrower and the ERISA Affiliates have met the minimum funding requirements
of Section 412 of the Code and Section 302 of ERISA of each with respect to the Plans of each and there is no material Unfunded
Current Liability (as such quoted term is defined in ERISA) with respect to any Plan established or maintained by each; and Borrower
and the ERISA Affiliates have not incurred any liability to the PBGC under ERISA (other than for the payment of premiums under Section 4007
of ERISA). No part of the funds to be used by Borrower in satisfaction of its obligations under this Agreement constitute plan
assets of any employee benefit plan within the meaning of ERISA or of any plan within the meaning
of Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code, as interpreted by the IRS and the U.S. Department of Labor in rules, regulations, releases,
bulletins or as interpreted under applicable case law.

Section 5.08 No
Default on Outstanding Judgments or Orders, Etc. Borrower and each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries have satisfied all judgments
which are not being appealed or which are not fully covered by insurance, and are not in default with respect to any judgment, order,
writ, injunction, decree, rule or regulation of any court, arbitrator or federal, state, municipal or other Governmental Authority,
commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, where the failure to satisfy such judgments or any such default
thereunder (a) could reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Change or (b) could reasonably be expected to cause
an Event of Default under Article IX of this Agreement (without considering or giving effect to any grace periods applicable thereto).

-51-

Section 5.09 No
Defaults on Other Agreements. Except as disclosed to Administrative Agent in writing (who shall provide such information, promptly
upon receipt, to each of the Banks), Borrower is not a party to any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any lease or other agreement
or instrument or subject to any partnership, trust or other restriction which is likely to result in a Material Adverse Change. Borrower
is not in default in any respect in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained
in any agreement or instrument which is likely to result in a Material Adverse Change. Borrower and each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries
are in compliance in all material respects with all Laws applicable to it, except where no Material Adverse Change could reasonably be
expected to occur as a result of such non-compliance.

Section 5.10 Government
Regulation. Borrower is not subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or any statute or regulation limiting
its ability to incur indebtedness for money borrowed as contemplated hereby. The Borrower is not engaged and will not engage, principally
or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U), or
extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock.

Section 5.11 Environmental
Protection. To the best of Borrowers knowledge, none of Borrowers or its Consolidated Subsidiaries properties
contains any Hazardous Materials that, under any Environmental Law currently in effect, (1) would impose liability on Borrower that
is likely to result in a Material Adverse Change or (2) is likely to result in the imposition of a Lien on any material assets of
Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries (taken as a whole), in each case if not properly handled in accordance with applicable Law
or not covered by insurance or a bond, in either case reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. To the best of Borrowers
knowledge, neither it nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries is in violation of, or subject to any existing, pending or threatened
investigation or proceeding by any Governmental Authority under any Environmental Law, in each case, that is likely to result in a Material
Adverse Change.

Section 5.12 Solvency.
Borrower is, and upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any other documents,
instruments or agreements relating thereto, will be, Solvent.

Section 5.13 Financial
Statements. The Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements most recently delivered to the Banks pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement are in all material respects complete and correct and fairly present the financial condition of the subject thereof
as of the dates of and for the periods covered by such statements, all in accordance with GAAP. There has been no Material Adverse Change
since the date of such most recently delivered Borrowers Consolidated Financial Statements.

Section 5.14 Valid
Existence of Consolidated Subsidiaries. Except where no Material Adverse Change could reasonably be expected to occur, each Consolidated
Subsidiary is a corporation, partnership or limited liability company duly organized and existing in good standing under the Laws of
the jurisdiction of its formation. Except where no Material Adverse Change could reasonably be expected to occur, each Consolidated Subsidiary
has the power to own its respective properties and to carry on its respective businesses now being conducted. Each Consolidated Subsidiary
is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which the nature of the respective
businesses conducted by it or its respective properties, owned or held under lease, make such qualification necessary and where the failure
to be so qualified would cause a Material Adverse Change.

Section 5.15 Insurance.
Borrower and each of its Consolidated Subsidiaries have in force paid insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies
or associations, including customary self-insured retention amounts, in such amounts and covering such risks as are usually carried by
companies engaged in the same type of business and similarly situated.

-52-

Section 5.16 Accuracy
of Information; Full Disclosure. Neither this Agreement nor any documents, financial statements, reports, notices, schedules,
certificates, statements or other writings furnished by or on behalf of Borrower to Administrative Agent or any Bank in connection with
the negotiation of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, or required herein to be furnished by
or on behalf of Borrower (other than projections which are made by Borrower in good faith), contains any untrue or misleading statement
of a material fact or omits a material fact necessary to make the statements herein or therein not misleading. To the best of Borrowers
knowledge, there is no fact which Borrower has not disclosed to Administrative Agent and the Banks in writing which materially affects
adversely nor, so far as Borrower can now foresee, will materially affect adversely the business affairs or financial condition of Borrower
or the ability of Borrower to perform this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. As of the Closing Date, the information included in
any Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects.

Section 5.17 OFAC.
None of the Borrower, any of its Consolidated Businesses, or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower,
any director, officer, employee or affiliate thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by one or more individuals
or entities that are (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFACs List of Specially
Designated Nationals, HMTs Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List, or any similar list enforced
by any other relevant sanctions authority or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. The Borrower and
its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions and have instituted
and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such Sanctions.

Section 5.18 Anti-Corruption
Laws. The Borrower, its Consolidated Businesses and its Consolidated Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance
with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and, to the extent the same are applicable to the Borrower and/or its Consolidated
Businesses or to the extent that a Bank notifies Borrower that the same are applicable to the Loans, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other
similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and, to the extent applicable, have instituted and maintained policies and
procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.

Section 5.19 Affected
Financial Institution. The Borrower is not an Affected Financial Institution.

Section 5.20 Covered
Entities. The Borrower is not a Covered Entity.

Section 5.21 Outbound
Investment Rules. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is a covered foreign person as that term is
used in the Outbound Investment Rules. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries currently engages, or has any present intention
to engage in the future, directly or indirectly, in (i) a covered activity or a covered transaction,
as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, (ii) any activity or transaction that would constitute a covered
activity or a covered transaction, as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, if the Borrower
were a U.S. Person or (iii) any other activity that would cause the Administrative Agent or any Bank to be in violation of the Outbound
Investment Rules or cause the Administrative Agent or any Bank to be legally prohibited by the Outbound Investment Rules from
performing under this Agreement.

-53-

Article VI

AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS

So long as any of the Loans or any other Obligations
shall remain unpaid or the Loan Commitments shall remain in effect, or any other amount is owing by Borrower to any Bank Party hereunder
or under any other Loan Document, Borrower shall, and, in the case of Sections 6.01 through 6.07, inclusive, shall cause each of its
Consolidated Subsidiaries to:

Section 6.01 Maintenance
of Existence. Preserve and maintain its legal existence and good standing in the jurisdiction of its organization, and qualify
and remain qualified as a foreign entity in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required except to the extent that
failure to do any of the foregoing (other than the preservation and maintenance of Borrowers legal existence and good standing
in the jurisdiction of its organization) is not likely to result in a Material Adverse Change.

Section 6.02 Maintenance
of Records. Keep adequate records and books of account, in which complete entries will be made reflecting all of its financial
transactions, in accordance with GAAP.

Section 6.03 Maintenance
of Insurance. At all times, maintain and keep in force insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies or
associations, including customary self-insured retention amounts, in such amounts and covering such risks as are usually carried by companies
engaged in the same type of business and similarly situated and will provide satisfactory evidence of the same as reasonably requested
by Administrative Agent. In connection with the foregoing, it is understood that Borrowers earthquake insurance coverage in place
as of the Closing Date is acceptable to Administrative Agent.

Section 6.04 Compliance
with Laws; Payment of Taxes. Comply in all material respects with all Laws applicable to it or to any of its properties or any
part thereof, such compliance to include, without limitation, paying before the same become delinquent all material taxes, assessments
and governmental charges imposed upon it or upon its property, except to the extent they are the subject of a Good Faith Contest or the
failure to comply, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

Section 6.05 Right
of Inspection. At any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable notice, permit Administrative Agent or any Bank or
any agent or representative thereof to examine and make copies and abstracts from its records and books of account and visit its properties
and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with the independent accountants of Borrower.

Section 6.06 Compliance
With Environmental Laws. Comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws and timely pay or cause to be
paid all costs and expenses incurred in connection with such compliance, except to the extent there is a Good Faith Contest.

Section 6.07 Maintenance
of Properties. Do all things reasonably necessary to maintain, preserve, protect and keep its properties in good repair, working
order and condition except where the cost thereof is not in Borrowers best interests and the failure to do so would not result
in a Material Adverse Change.

-54-

Section 6.08 Payment
of Costs. Pay all costs and expenses required for the satisfaction of the conditions of this Agreement.

Section 6.09 Reporting
and Miscellaneous Document Requirements. Furnish directly to Administrative Agent (who shall provide, promptly upon receipt,
to each of the Banks):

(1) Annual
Financial Statements. As soon as available and in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year, Borrowers
Consolidated Financial Statements as of the end of and for such Fiscal Year, in reasonable detail and stating in comparative form the
respective figures for the corresponding date and period in the prior Fiscal Year and audited by Borrowers Accountants (without
a going concern or other extraordinary qualification or exception);

(2) Quarterly
Financial Statements. As soon as available and in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter (other
than the last quarter of the Fiscal Year), commencing with the quarter ended March 31, 2025, the unaudited Borrowers Consolidated
Financial Statements as of the end of and for such calendar quarter, in reasonable detail and stating in comparative form the respective
figures for the corresponding date and period in the prior Fiscal Year;

(3) Certificate
of No Default and Financial Compliance. Within ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year and within forty-five (45) days
after the end of each of the first, second, and third calendar quarters, a certificate of Borrowers chief financial officer or
treasurer (a) stating that, to the best of his or her knowledge, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
or if a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, specifying the nature thereof and the action which is proposed to
be taken with respect thereto; (b) stating that the covenants contained in Sections 7.03 and 7.04 and in Article VIII have
been complied with (or specifying those that have not been complied with) and including computations demonstrating such compliance (or
non-compliance); and (c) setting forth the details of all items comprising Capitalization Value, Unencumbered Asset Value, Total
Outstanding Indebtedness, Secured Indebtedness, Interest Expense and Unsecured Indebtedness (including amount, maturity, interest
rate and amortization requirements with respect to all Indebtedness);

(4) Certificate
of Borrowers Accountants. Simultaneously with the delivery of the annual financial statements required by paragraph (1) of
this Section, (a) a statement of Borrowers Accountants who audited such financial statements comparing the computations set
forth in the financial compliance certificate required by paragraph (3) of this Section to the audited financial statements
required by paragraph (1) of this Section and (b) when the audited financial statements required by paragraph (1) of
this Section have a qualified auditors opinion, a statement of Borrowers Accountants who audited such financial statements
of whether any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

-55-

(5) Notice
of Litigation. Promptly after the commencement and knowledge thereof, notice of all actions, suits, and proceedings before any court
or arbitrator, affecting Borrower which, if determined adversely to Borrower is likely to result in a Material Adverse Change;

(6) Notices
of Defaults and Events of Default. As soon as possible and in any event within ten (10) days after Borrower becomes aware of
the occurrence of a material Default or any Event of Default, a written notice (which notice shall state that it is a Notice of
Default) setting forth the details of such Default or Event of Default and the action which is proposed to be taken with respect
thereto;

(7) Material
Adverse Change. As soon as is practicable and in any event within five (5) days after knowledge of the occurrence of any event
or circumstance which is likely to result in or has resulted in a Material Adverse Change, written notice thereof;

(8) Offices.
Thirty (30) days prior written notice of any change in the chief executive office or principal place of business of Borrower;

(9) Environmental
and Other Notices. As soon as possible and in any event within ten (10) days after receipt, copies of all Environmental Notices
received by Borrower which are not received in the ordinary course of business and which relate to a situation which is likely to result
in a Material Adverse Change;

(10) Insurance
Coverage. Promptly, such information concerning Borrowers insurance coverage as Administrative Agent may reasonably
request;

(11) Proxy
Statements, Etc. Promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all proxy statements, financial statements and reports which
Borrower or its Consolidated Subsidiaries sends to its shareholders, and copies of all regular, periodic and special reports, and all
registration statements which Borrower or its Consolidated Subsidiaries files with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any Governmental
Authority which may be substituted therefor, or with any national securities exchange;

(12) [Reserved];

(13) [Reserved];

(14) Beneficial
Ownership Updates. Promptly following any written request therefor, information and documentation as the Administrative Agent (or
any Bank through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request, as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and

-56-

(15) General
Information. Promptly (i) such other information respecting the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of Borrower
or any properties of Borrower as Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request in writing and (ii) such other information
and documentation reasonably requested in writing by the Administrative Agent or any Bank for purposes of compliance with requirements
under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations including the Patriot Act and
the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, if applicable.

Documents required to be
delivered pursuant to Sections 6.09(1), (2) or (11) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed
with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which
the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrowers website on the Internet at the website address;
or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrowers behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each
Bank and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent);
provided that: (i) the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Bank that
requests the Borrower to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative
Agent or such Bank and (ii) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Bank (by telecopier or electronic mail)
of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft
copies) of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents
referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request for delivery,
and each Bank shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents.

The Borrower hereby acknowledges
that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Syndication Agents will make available to the Banks materials and/or information provided
by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials) by posting the Borrower Materials
on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform) and (b) certain of the Banks may be
public-side Banks (i.e., Banks that do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower
or its securities) (each, a Public Lender). The Borrower hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials
that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall
mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials
PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agents, and the Banks
to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities
for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws or any confidentiality agreement entered into by any Bank; (y) all
Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public
Investor; and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Syndication Agents shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that
are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Investor.

Section 6.10 Anti-Corruption
Laws. Conduct its businesses in compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and to the extent the
same are applicable to the Borrower and/or its Consolidated Businesses or to the extent a Bank notifies Borrower that the same are applicable
to the Loans, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and applicable Sanctions,
and, to the extent applicable, maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.

-57-

Article VII

NEGATIVE
COVENANTS

So long as any of the Loans
or any other Obligations shall remain unpaid, or the Loan Commitments shall remain in effect, or any other amount is owing by Borrower
to any Bank Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, Borrower shall not do any or all of the following:

Section 7.01 Mergers
Etc. Merge or consolidate with (except where Borrower is the surviving entity), or sell, assign, lease or otherwise dispose of
(whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired).

Section 7.02 [Reserved].

Section 7.03 Sale
of Assets. Effect (i) a Disposition of any of its now owned or hereafter acquired assets (including equity interests therein),
including assets in which Borrower owns a beneficial interest through its ownership of interests in joint ventures, if after giving effect
to such Disposition, a Default or Event of Default would exist, or (ii) the granting of a Lien on any Unencumbered Wholly-Owned
Assets or Unencumbered Land and Construction-In-Process, if after granting such Lien, a Default or Event of Default would exist; provided
however, that (a) the Borrower may lease or sublease its assets, as lessor or sublessor (as the case may be), in the ordinary course
of its business, and (b) the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries may sell, transfer or dispose of such assets to the Borrower or
to another subsidiary of the Borrower, as the case may be.

Section 7.04 Distributions.
During the existence of any Event of Default, make, declare or pay, directly or indirectly, any dividend or distribution to any of its
equity holders in an amount greater than the minimum dividend or distribution required under the Code to maintain the real estate investment
trust status of Borrower under the Code and to avoid the payment of U.S. federal and any applicable state and local income and excise
taxes, as evidenced by a detailed certificate of Borrowers chief financial officer or treasurer reasonably satisfactory in form
and substance to Administrative Agent.

Section 7.05 Sanctions.
Directly or knowingly indirectly use the proceeds of any Loan, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any
Consolidated Business, joint venture partner or other Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person, or in any country
or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation
by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as Bank, Joint Lead Arranger, Administrative Agent or otherwise)
of Sanctions.

Section 7.06 Anti-Corruption
Laws. Directly or indirectly use the proceeds of any Loan for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, or, to the extent the same are applicable to the Borrower and/or its Consolidated Businesses or to the extent
a Bank notifies Borrower that the same are applicable to the Loans, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar anti-corruption legislation
in other jurisdictions.

-58-

Section 7.07 Outbound
Investment Rules. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (a) be or become a covered
foreign person, as that term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, or (b) engage, directly or indirectly, in (i) a
covered activity or a covered transaction, as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules,
(ii) any activity or transaction that would constitute a covered activity or a covered transaction,
as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, if the Borrower were a U.S. Person or (iii) any other activity that
would cause the Administrative Agent or any Bank to be in violation of the Outbound Investment Rules or cause the Administrative
Agent or any Bank to be legally prohibited by the Outbound Investment Rules from performing under this Agreement.

Article VIII

FINANCIAL
COVENANTS

So long as any of the Loans or any other Obligations
shall remain unpaid, or the Loan Commitments shall remain in effect, or any other amount is owing by Borrower to any Bank Party under
this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, Borrower shall not permit or suffer any or all of the following:

Section 8.01 Relationship
of Total Outstanding Indebtedness to Capitalization Value. As of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio of Total Outstanding
Indebtedness (net of, as of such date of determination, the amount of unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents to the extent that there
is an equivalent amount of Total Outstanding Indebtedness that matures within twenty-four (24) months of such date of determination)
to Capitalization Value to exceed 60%; provided that such ratio may exceed 60% from time to time following an acquisition by Borrower
and its Affiliates of real property assets so long as (a) such ratio does not exceed 65%, (b) such ratio ceases to exceed 60%
within four (4) quarters after each date such ratio first exceeded 60%, and (c) the Borrower provides a certificate of its
chief financial officer or treasurer to the Administrative Agent when such ratio first exceeds 60% and when such ratio ceases to exceed
60%.

Section 8.02 Relationship
of Combined EBITDA to Combined Debt Service. As of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio of (1) Combined EBITDA
to (2) Combined Debt Service (each for the twelve (12)-month period ending on such last day of such quarter), to be less than 1.50
to 1.00.

Section 8.03 Ratio
of Unsecured Indebtedness to Unencumbered Asset Value. As of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio of (1) Unsecured
Indebtedness (net of, as of such date of determination, the amount of unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents to the extent that there
is an equivalent amount of Unsecured Indebtedness that matures within twenty-four (24) months of such date of determination) to (2) Unencumbered
Asset Value to exceed 65%.

Section 8.04 Relationship
of Secured Indebtedness to Capitalization Value. As of the last day of any fiscal quarter, Secured Indebtedness (net of, as of
such date of determination, the amount of unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents to the extent that there is an equivalent amount of
Secured Indebtedness that matures within twenty-four (24) months of such date of determination) to exceed 40% of Capitalization Value.

-59-

Article IX

EVENTS
OF DEFAULT

Section 9.01 Events
of Default. Any of the following events shall be an Event of Default:

(1) If
Borrower shall fail to pay the principal of any Loans as and when due, and such failure to pay shall continue unremedied for five (5) days
after the due date of such amount; or fail to pay interest accruing on any Loans as and when due, and such failure to pay shall continue
unremedied for five (5) days after written notice by Administrative Agent of such failure to pay; or fail to pay any fee or any
other amount due under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Fee Letters as and when due and such failure to pay shall continue
unremedied for two (2) Banking Days after written notice by Administrative Agent of such failure to pay; or

(2) If
any representation or warranty made by Borrower in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document or which is contained in any certificate,
document, opinion, financial or other statement furnished at any time under or in connection with a Loan Document shall prove to have
been incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made; or

(3) If
Borrower shall fail (a) to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 2.01(d), Article VII
or Article VIII; or (b) to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than obligations
specifically referred to elsewhere in this Section 9.01) or any Loan Document, or any other document executed by Borrower and delivered
to Administrative Agent or the Banks in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and such failure under this clause (b) shall
remain unremedied for thirty (30) consecutive calendar days after notice thereof (or such shorter cure period as may be expressly prescribed
in the applicable document); provided, however, that if any such default under clause (b) above cannot by its nature be cured within
such thirty (30) day, or shorter, as the case may be, grace period and so long as Borrower shall have commenced cure within such thirty
(30) day, or shorter, as the case may be, grace period and shall, at all times thereafter, diligently prosecute the same to completion,
Borrower shall have an additional period, not to exceed sixty (60) days, to cure such default; in no event, however, is the foregoing
intended to effect an extension of the Maturity Date; or

(4) If
Borrower or any Consolidated Business shall fail (a) to pay any Recourse Debt of the Borrower or such Consolidated Business (other
than the payment obligations described in paragraph (1) of this Section and for the avoidance of doubt, the amount of any Debt
which is partial Recourse Debt shall be the actual amount to which recourse is available and not the face amount of the underlying Debt
obligation, if different, unless such Debt obligation is joint and several) in an amount equal to or greater than $150,000,000 when due
(whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) after the expiration of any applicable grace
period, or (b) to perform or observe any material term, covenant, or condition under any agreement or instrument relating to any
such Debt, when required to be performed or observed, if the effect of such failure to perform or observe is to accelerate, or to permit
the acceleration of, after the giving of notice or the lapse of time, or both (other than in cases where, in the judgment of the Required
Banks, meaningful discussions likely to result in (i) a waiver or cure of the failure to perform or observe, or (ii) otherwise
averting such acceleration are in progress between Borrower and the obligee of such Debt), the maturity of such Debt, or any such Debt
shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid or repurchased (other than by a regularly scheduled or otherwise required
prepayment), prior to the stated maturity thereof; provided that any Permitted Convertible Debt becoming due as a result of the
exercise by any holder or beneficial owner thereof of the conversion or exchange thereof shall not constitute a default, event or condition
under this Section 9.01(4), regardless of the settlement method applicable to any such conversion; or

-60-

(5) If
Borrower, or any Subsidiary of Borrower to which five percent (5%) or more of Capitalization Value is attributable, shall (a) generally
not, or be unable to, or shall admit in writing its inability to, pay its debts as such debts become due; or (b) make an assignment
for the benefit of creditors, petition or apply to any tribunal for the appointment of a custodian, receiver or trustee for it or a substantial
part of its assets; or (c) commence any proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment of debt, dissolution
or liquidation Law of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in effect; or (d) have had any such petition or application filed
or any such proceeding shall have been commenced, against it, in which an adjudication or appointment is made or order for relief is
entered, or which petition, application or proceeding remains undismissed or unstayed for a period of ninety (90) days or more; or (e) be
the subject of any proceeding under which all or a substantial part of its assets may be subject to seizure, forfeiture or divestiture;
or (f) by any act or omission indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such petition, application or proceeding
or order for relief or the appointment of a custodian, receiver or trustee for all or any substantial part of its property; or (g) suffer
any such custodianship, receivership or trusteeship for all or any substantial part of its property, to continue undischarged for a period
of ninety (90) days or more; or

(6) If
one or more judgments, decrees or orders for the payment of money in an amount in excess of 5% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth (excluding
any such judgments, decrees or orders which are fully covered by insurance) in the aggregate shall be rendered against Borrower or any
of its Consolidated Subsidiaries, and any such judgments, decrees or orders shall continue unsatisfied and in effect for a period of
thirty (30) consecutive days without being vacated, discharged, satisfied or stayed or bonded pending appeal; or

-61-

(7) If
any of the following events shall occur or exist with respect to Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate: (a) any Prohibited Transaction
involving any Plan; (b) any Reportable Event with respect to any Plan; (c) the filing under Section 4041 of ERISA of a
notice of intent to terminate any Plan or the termination of any Plan; (d) any event or circumstance which would constitute grounds
for the termination of, or for the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan under Section 4042 of ERISA, or the institution
by the PBGC of proceedings for any such termination or appointment under Section 4042 of ERISA; or (e) complete or partial
withdrawal under Section 4201 or 4204 of ERISA from a Multiemployer Plan or the reorganization, insolvency, or termination of any
Multiemployer Plan; and in each case above, if such event or conditions, if any, could in the reasonable opinion of any Bank subject
Borrower to any tax, penalty, or other liability to a Plan, Multiemployer Plan, the PBGC or otherwise (or any combination thereof) which
in the aggregate exceeds or is likely to exceed $150,000,000; or

(8) If
at any time Borrower is not a qualified real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code or is not a publicly
traded company listed on the New York Stock Exchange; or

(9) If
at any time any portion of Borrowers assets constitute plan assets for ERISA purposes (within the meaning of C.F.R. 2510.3-101);
or

(10) [reserved];
or

(11) If,
during any period of up to twelve (12) consecutive months commencing on or after the Closing Date, individuals who were directors of
Borrower at the beginning of such period (the Continuing Directors), plus any new directors whose election
or appointment was approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors then in office, shall cease for any reason to constitute a majority
of the Board of Directors of Borrower; or

(12) If,
through any transaction or series of related transactions, any Person (including Affiliates of such Person) shall acquire beneficial
ownership, directly or indirectly, of securities of Borrower (or of securities convertible into securities of Borrower) representing
25% or more of the combined voting power of all securities of Borrower entitled to vote in the election of directors; or

(13) Any
material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than in accordance with
the terms hereof or thereof, or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, is revoked, terminated, cancelled or rescinded, without
the prior written approval of Administrative Agent and such number or percentage of Banks as shall be required hereunder; or the Borrower
commences any legal proceeding at law or in equity to contest, or make unenforceable, cancel, revoke or rescind any of the Loan Documents,
or any court or any other governmental or regulatory agency of competent jurisdiction shall make a determination that, or issue a judgment,
order, decree or ruling to the effect that, any one or more of the Loan Documents is illegal, invalid or unenforceable as to any material
terms thereof.

-62-

Section 9.02 Remedies.
If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (other than an Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 9.01(5)),
the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Banks, shall by notice to the Borrower take any or all of the following actions,
at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Loan Commitments, and thereupon the Loan Commitments shall terminate
immediately, (ii) declare the Loans and other Obligations then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which
case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal
of the Loans and such other Obligations so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other
obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other
notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower, and (iii) exercise any remedies provided in any of the Loan
Documents or by law; and in case of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 9.01(5), the Loan Commitments
shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and
other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest
or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default under
Section 9.01(10) shall occur and be continuing, Administrative Agent shall not be entitled to exercise the foregoing remedies
until (1) it has received a written notice from all of the Banks (the Unanimous Bank Notices) (i) requesting
Administrative Agent exercise such remedies and (ii) indicating each Banks conclusion in its reasonable judgment that a Material
Adverse Change has occurred and (2) Administrative Agent has provided notice to Borrower, together with copies of all of the Unanimous
Bank Notices.

Section 9.03 Application
of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 9.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately
due and payable as set forth in the proviso to Section 9.02), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject
to the provisions of Section 2.20, be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order:

First,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and
disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent
in its capacity as such;

Second,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable
to the Banks (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Banks and amounts payable under Article III),
ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them;

Third,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and other Obligations, ratably among
the Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them;

Fourth,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, ratably among the Banks in proportion to the
respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; and

-63-

Last,
the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law.

Article X

ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT; RELATIONS AMONG BANKS

Section 10.01 Appointment,
Powers and Immunities of Administrative Agent.

(a) Each
Bank hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes Administrative Agent to act as its agent hereunder and under any other Loan Document
with such powers as are specifically delegated to Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement and any other Loan Document, together
with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative
Agent and the Banks, and the Borrower shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood
and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference
to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine
of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative
relationship between contracting parties.

(b) The
Administrative Agent and any Sustainability Structuring Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth
herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent and any Sustainability
Structuring Agent:

(i) shall
not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;

(ii) shall
not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly
contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the
Required Banks (or such other number or percentage of the Banks as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents),
provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel,
may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law; and

(iii) shall
not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the
failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person
serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties in any capacity.

The Administrative Agent
and any Sustainability Structuring Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at
the request of the Required Banks (or such other number or percentage of the Banks as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent
shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 12.02 and 9.02) or (ii) in the absence
of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment.

-64-

The Administrative Agent
and any Sustainability Structuring Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement,
warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate,
report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance
of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the
validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument
or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt
of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.

The Administrative Agent
may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any
one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any
and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of
this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent,
and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well
as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents
except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative
Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.

Section 10.02 Reliance
by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any Sustainability Structuring Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and
shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any certification, notice or other communication (including any thereof by telephone,
telex, telegram, cable, electronic message, or internet or intranet website posting) believed by it to be genuine and correct and to
have been signed or sent by or on behalf of the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel, independent
accountants and other experts selected by Administrative Agent. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making
of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Bank, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition
is satisfactory to such Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Bank prior to the making
of such Loan. Administrative Agent may deem and treat each Bank as the holder of the Loan made by it for all purposes hereof and shall
not be required to deal with any Person who has acquired a Participation in any Loan or Participation from a Bank. As to any matters
not expressly provided for by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, Administrative Agent and any Sustainability Structuring Agent
shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, hereunder in accordance with instructions signed by the
Required Banks or all Banks, as required by this Agreement, and such instructions of the Required Banks or all Banks, as the case may
be, and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto, shall be binding on all of the Banks and any other holder of all or any
portion of any Loan or Participation. The Administrative Agent and any Sustainability Structuring Agent may consult with legal counsel
(who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action
taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.

Section 10.03 Defaults.
Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default unless Administrative Agent
has received notice from a Bank or Borrower specifying such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a Notice
of Default. In the event that Administrative Agent receives such a notice of the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default,
Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Banks. Administrative Agent, following consultation with the Banks, shall
(subject to Section 10.07 and Section 12.02) take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default which is continuing
as shall be directed by the Required Banks; provided that, unless and until Administrative Agent shall have received such directions,
Administrative Agent may take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it
shall deem advisable in the best interest of the Banks; and provided further that Administrative Agent shall not send a notice of default
or acceleration to Borrower without the approval of the Required Banks. In no event shall Administrative Agent be required to take any
such action which it determines to be contrary to Law or to the Loan Documents. Each of the Banks acknowledges and agrees that no individual
Bank may separately enforce or exercise any of the provisions of any of the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Notes,
other than through Administrative Agent.

-65-

Section 10.04 Rights
of Administrative Agent as a Bank. With respect to its Loan Commitment and the Loan provided by it, Administrative Agent in its
capacity as a Bank hereunder shall have the same rights and powers hereunder as any other Bank and may exercise the same as though it
were not acting as Administrative Agent, and the term Bank or Banks shall, unless the context otherwise indicates,
include Administrative Agent in its capacity as a Bank. Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may (without having to account therefor
to any Bank) accept deposits from, lend money to (on a secured or unsecured basis), and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust
or other business with Borrower (and any Affiliates of Borrower) as if it were not acting as Administrative Agent and without any duty
to account therefor to the Banks.

Section 10.05 Indemnification
of Administrative Agent. Each Bank agrees to indemnify Administrative Agent and any Sustainability Structuring Agent (to the
extent not reimbursed under Section 12.04 or under the applicable provisions of any other Loan Document, but without limiting the
obligations of Borrower under Section 12.04 or such provisions), for its Pro Rata Share of any and all liabilities, obligations,
losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind and nature whatsoever which may be
imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Administrative Agent or any Sustainability Structuring Agent in any way relating to or arising
out of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other documents contemplated by or referred to herein or the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby (including, without limitation, the costs and expenses which Borrower is obligated to pay under Section 12.04)
or under the applicable provisions of any other Loan Document or the enforcement of any of the terms hereof or thereof or of any such
other documents or instruments; provided that no Bank shall be liable for (1) any of the foregoing to the extent they arise from
the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party to be indemnified as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final
and non-appealable judgment, (2) any loss of principal or interest with respect to Administrative Agents or any Sustainability
Structuring Agents Loan or (3) any loss suffered by Administrative Agent or any Sustainability Structuring Agent in connection
with a swap or other interest rate hedging arrangement entered into with Borrower.

Section 10.06 Non-Reliance
on Administrative Agent and Other Banks. Each Bank expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead
Arranger nor any Sustainability Structuring Agent has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative
Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger or any Sustainability Structuring Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any
assignment or review of the affairs of the Borrower of any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty
by the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger or any Sustainability Structuring Agent to any Bank as to any matter, including
whether the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger or any Sustainability Structuring Agent have disclosed material information
in their (or their Related Parties) possession. Each Bank represents to the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers and
any Sustainability Structuring Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger,
any Sustainability Structuring Agent, any other Bank or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it
has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property,
financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory
Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to
the Borrower hereunder. Each Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any
Joint Lead Arranger, any Sustainability Structuring Agent, any other Bank or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents
and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in
taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished
hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations,
property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower. Each Bank represents and warrants that (i) the Loan
Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial
loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Bank for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial
loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Bank, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring
or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each
Bank represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to
provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making
its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring
or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Except for notices, reports and other documents and information
expressly required to be furnished to the Banks by Administrative Agent hereunder, Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility
to provide any Bank with any credit or other information concerning the affairs, financial condition or business of Borrower (or any
Affiliate of Borrower) which may come into the possession of Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates. Administrative Agent shall
not be required to file this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any document or instrument referred to herein or therein, for record
or give notice of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any document or instrument referred to herein or therein, to anyone.

-66-

Section 10.07 Failure
of Administrative Agent to Act. Except for action expressly required of Administrative Agent hereunder, Administrative Agent
shall in all cases be fully justified in failing or refusing to act hereunder unless it shall have received further assurances (which
may include cash collateral) of the indemnification obligations of the Banks under Section 10.05 in respect of any and all liability
and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. If any indemnity furnished by the
Banks to Administrative Agent for any purpose shall, in the reasonable opinion of Administrative Agent, be insufficient or become impaired,
Administrative Agent may call for additional indemnity and cease, or not commence, to do the action indemnified against until such additional
indemnity is furnished.

Section 10.08 Resignation
or Removal of Administrative Agent. (a) Administrative Agent hereby agrees not to unilaterally resign except (1) in
the event it becomes an Affected Bank and is removed or replaced as a Bank pursuant to Section 3.07, in which event it shall have
the right to resign or (2) the Administrative Agent may resign by written notice to the Borrower and the Banks if a Default or Event
of Default exists or if a regulator requires such resignation. Truist agrees that it may be replaced as Administrative Agent by the Required
Banks if its Loan Commitment is reduced to $25,000,000 or less through assignments to Assignees. If (x) the Person serving as Administrative
Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof or (y) the Person serving as Administrative Agent
engages in gross negligence or willful misconduct in its performance of its duties as Administrative Agent as determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment, then the Required Banks may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, by
notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent. In the case of any removal of Administrative
Agent, Borrower and the Banks shall be promptly notified thereof. Upon any such resignation or removal of Administrative Agent, the Required
Banks shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which successor Administrative Agent, so long as it is reasonably
acceptable to the Required Banks, shall be that Bank then having the greatest Loan Commitment; if two (2) or more Banks have an
equal greatest Loan Commitment, the Required Banks shall select between or among them. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have
been so appointed by the Required Banks and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the Required Banks
removal of the retiring Administrative Agent, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Banks, appoint a successor
Administrative Agent, which shall be one of the Banks. The Required Banks or the retiring Administrative Agent, as the case may be, shall
upon the appointment of a successor Administrative Agent promptly so notify Borrower and the other Banks. Upon the acceptance of any
appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon
succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring
Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. After any Administrative Agents resignation
or removal hereunder as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article X shall continue in effect for its benefit in respect
of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as Administrative Agent or after such resignation or removal for
so long as it continues to act in such capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents.

(b) Any
Sustainability Structuring Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Administrative Agent, the Banks, and the Borrower.
Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Borrower shall have the right, with the consent of the Required Banks, to appoint
a successor, which shall be a bank or financial institution reasonably experienced in serving as a sustainability structuring agent (or
the equivalent) on syndicated bank facilities with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank or financial institution
with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Borrower and consented to by the Required
Banks and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Sustainability Structuring Agent gives notice of its
resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Banks) (the Sustainability Agent Resignation Effective
Date), then the retiring Sustainability Structuring Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Administrative
Agent and the Banks, appoint a successor Sustainability Structuring Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that in
no event shall any such successor Sustainability Structuring Agent (or any of its Affiliates) be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not
a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Sustainability Agent Resignation
Effective Date. With effect from the Sustainability Agent Resignation Effective Date, (i) the retiring Sustainability Structuring
Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (ii) except for any indemnity
payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring Sustainability Structuring Agent, all communications and determinations provided
to be made by, to or through the Sustainability Structuring Agent shall instead be made by or to the Administrative Agent until such
time, if any, as the Required Banks appoint and the Borrower consents to (if such consent is required hereby) a successor Sustainability
Structuring Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Sustainability Structuring Agent hereunder,
such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Sustainability
Structuring Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring Sustainability Structuring Agent
as of the Sustainability Agent Resignation Effective Date), and the retiring Sustainability Structuring Agent shall be discharged from
all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Sustainability
Structuring Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor.
After the retiring Sustainability Structuring Agents resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the
provisions of this Article and Section 12.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Sustainability Structuring
Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while
the retiring Sustainability Structuring Agent was acting as Sustainability Structuring Agent or relating to its duties as Sustainability
Structuring Agent that are carried out following its retirement.

-67-

Section 10.09 Amendments
Concerning Agency Function. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, neither the Administrative Agent nor any
Sustainability Structuring Agent shall be bound by any waiver, amendment, supplement or modification hereof or of any other Loan Document
which affects its duties, rights, and/or function hereunder or thereunder unless it shall have given its prior written consent thereto.

Section 10.10 Liability
of Administrative Agent. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Sustainability Structuring Agent shall have any liabilities
or responsibilities to Borrower on account of the failure of any Bank to perform its obligations hereunder or to any Bank on account
of the failure of Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document.

Section 10.11 Transfer
of Agency Function. Without the consent of Borrower or any Bank, Administrative Agent may at any time or from time to time transfer
its functions as Administrative Agent hereunder to any of its offices wherever located in the United States, provided that Administrative
Agent shall promptly notify Borrower and the Banks thereof.

Section 10.12 Non-Receipt
of Funds by Administrative Agent. (a) Unless Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Bank or Borrower (either
one as appropriate being the Payor) prior to the date on which such Bank is to make payment hereunder to
Administrative Agent of the proceeds of a Loan or Borrower is to make payment to Administrative Agent, as the case may be (either such
payment being a Required Payment), which notice shall be effective upon receipt, that the Payor will not
make the Required Payment in full to Administrative Agent, Administrative Agent may assume that the Required Payment has been made in
full to Administrative Agent on such date, and Administrative Agent in its sole discretion may, but shall not be obligated to, in reliance
upon such assumption, make the amount thereof available to the intended recipient on such date. If and to the extent the Payor shall
not have in fact so made the Required Payment in full to Administrative Agent, the recipient of such payment shall repay to Administrative
Agent forthwith on demand such amount made available to it together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount was
so made available by Administrative Agent until the date Administrative Agent recovers such amount, at the customary rate set by Administrative
Agent for the correction of errors among Banks for three (3) Banking Days and thereafter at the Base Rate.

-68-

(b) With
respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Banks hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent
determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to
as the Rescindable Amount): (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment;
(2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the
Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the Banks severally agrees to repay
to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Bank, in immediately available funds with
interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the
Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking
industry rules on interbank compensation. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Bank with respect to any amount owing under
this clause (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

(c) If,
after Administrative Agent has paid each Banks share of any payment received or applied by Administrative Agent in respect of
the Loan, that payment is rescinded or must otherwise be returned or paid over by Administrative Agent, whether pursuant to any bankruptcy
or insolvency Law, sharing of payments clause of any loan agreement or otherwise, such Bank shall, at Administrative Agents request,
promptly return its share of such payment or application to Administrative Agent, together with such Banks proportionate share
of any interest or other amount required to be paid by Administrative Agent with respect to such payment or application. In addition,
if a court of competent jurisdiction shall adjudge that any amount received and distributed by Administrative Agent is to be repaid,
each Person to whom any such distribution shall have been made shall either repay to Administrative Agent its share of the amount so
adjudged to be repaid or shall pay over to the same in such manner and to such Persons as shall be determined by such court. The provisions
of this Section 10.12(c) shall survive payment in full of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement.

Section 10.13 [Reserved].

Section 10.14 [Reserved].

Section 10.15 Pro
Rata Treatment. Except to the extent otherwise provided, (1) each advance of proceeds of the Loans shall be made by the
Banks; (2) each reduction of the amount of the Total Loan Commitment under Section 2.10 shall be applied to the Loan Commitments
of the Banks; and (3) each payment of the fee accruing under paragraph (b) of Section 2.07 shall be made for the account
of the Banks, ratably according to the amounts of their respective Loan Commitments. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement,
each payment in respect of principal or interest under the Loans shall be applied to such obligations owing to the Banks pro rata according
to the respective amounts then due and owing to the Banks.

-69-

Section 10.16 Sharing
of Payments Among Banks. If a Bank shall obtain payment of any principal of or interest on any Loan or other Obligation made
by it through the exercise of any right of setoff, bankers lien, counterclaim, or by any other means (including direct payment),
and such payment results in such Bank receiving a greater payment than it would have been entitled to had such payment been paid directly
to Administrative Agent for disbursement to the Banks, then such Bank shall promptly purchase for cash from the other Banks Participations
in the Loans made by or other Obligations owed to the other Banks in such amounts, and make such other adjustments from time to time
as shall be equitable to the end that all the Banks shall share ratably the benefit of such payment; provided that the provisions of
this Section 10.16 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to and
in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting
Lender) or (y) any payment obtained by a Bank as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans
to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this
Section 10.16 shall apply). To such end the Banks shall make appropriate adjustments among themselves (by the resale of Participations
sold or otherwise) if such payment is rescinded or must otherwise be restored. Borrower agrees that any Bank so purchasing a Participation
in the Loans made by or other Obligations owed to other Banks may exercise all rights of setoff, bankers lien, counterclaim or
similar rights with respect to such Participation. Nothing contained herein shall require any Bank to exercise any such right or shall
affect the right of any Bank to exercise, and retain the benefits of exercising, any such right with respect to any other indebtedness
of Borrower.

Section 10.17 Possession
of Documents. Each Bank shall keep possession of its own Note. Administrative Agent shall hold all the other Loan Documents and
related documents in its possession and maintain separate records and accounts with respect thereto, and shall permit the Banks and their
representatives access at all reasonable times to inspect such Loan Documents, related documents, records and accounts.

Section 10.18 No
Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Bookrunners, Arrangers, any Sustainability
Structuring Agent, or Syndication Agents, listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under
this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Bank hereunder.

Section 10.19 Administrative
Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial
proceeding relative to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and
payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand
on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:

(a) to
file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations
that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Banks
and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Banks
and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Banks and the Administrative Agent
under this Agreement) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and

-70-

(b) to
collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee,
liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Bank to make such payments
to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to
the Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of
the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.07 and 12.04.

Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Bank any plan of
reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Bank to authorize the Administrative
Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Bank in any such proceeding.

Section 10.20 Certain
ERISA Matters.(a) Each Bank (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such
Person became a Bank party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Bank party hereto to the date such
Person ceases being a Bank party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers and not, for the avoidance
of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i) such
Bank is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans
with respect to such Banks entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit,
the Loan Commitments or this Agreement,

(ii) the
transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent
qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption
for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Banks entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance
of the Loans, the Loan Commitments and this Agreement,

(iii) (A) such
Bank is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE
84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Bank to enter into, participate
in, administer and perform the Loans, the Loan Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Loans, the Loan Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through
(g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Bank, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I
of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Banks entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the
Loans, the Loan Commitments and this Agreement, or

-71-

(iv) such
other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and
such Bank.

(b) In
addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Bank or (2) a
Bank has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding
clause (a), such Bank further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Bank party hereto, to, and (y) covenants,
from the date such Person became a Bank party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Bank party hereto, for the benefit of, the
Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that none
of the Administrative Agent or the Joint Lead Arrangers is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Bank involved in such Banks
entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Loan Commitments and this Agreement (including in
connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any
documents related hereto or thereto).

Section 10.21 Recovery
of Erroneous Payments. Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes
a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrower
at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Recipient Party receiving a Rescindable
Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent within two (2) Banking Days after demand the Rescindable Amount received
by such Lender Recipient Party in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and
including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the
greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on
interbank compensation. Each Lender Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value
(under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another)
or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Recipient
Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount.

Article XI

NATURE
OF OBLIGATIONS

Section 11.01 Absolute
and Unconditional Obligations. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that its obligations and liabilities under this Agreement and
under the other Loan Documents shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of (1) any lack of validity or enforceability of
any of the Obligations, any Loan Documents, or any agreement or instrument relating thereto; (2) any change in the time, manner
or place of payment of, or in any other term in respect of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or consent
to any departure from any Loan Documents or any other documents or instruments executed in connection with or related to the Obligations;
(3) any exchange or release of any collateral, if any, or of any other Person from all or any of the Obligations; or (4) any
other circumstances which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, Borrower or any other Person in respect
of the Obligations.

-72-

The obligations and liabilities
of Borrower under this Agreement and other Loan Documents shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by any Bank or any
other Person at any time of any right or remedy against Borrower or any other Person which may be or become liable in respect of all
or any part of the Obligations or against any collateral or security or guarantee therefor or right of setoff with respect thereto.

Section 11.02 Non-Recourse
to Borrowers Principals. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in any of the other Loan Documents,
or in any other instruments, certificates, documents or agreements executed in connection with the Loans (all of the foregoing, for purposes
of this Section, hereinafter referred to, individually and collectively, as the Relevant Documents), no recourse
under or upon any Obligation, representation, warranty, promise or other matter whatsoever shall be had against any of Borrowers
Principals and each Bank expressly waives and releases, on behalf of itself and its successors and assigns, all right to assert any liability
whatsoever under or with respect to the Relevant Documents against, or to satisfy any claim or obligation arising thereunder against,
any of Borrowers Principals or out of any assets of Borrowers Principals, provided, however, that nothing in this Section shall
be deemed to (1) release Borrower from any personal liability pursuant to, or from any of its respective obligations under, the
Relevant Documents, or from personal liability for its fraudulent actions or fraudulent omissions; (2) release any of Borrowers
Principals from personal liability for its or his own fraudulent actions or fraudulent omissions; (3) constitute a waiver of any
obligation evidenced or secured by, or contained in, the Relevant Documents or affect in any way the validity or enforceability of the
Relevant Documents; or (4) limit the right of Administrative Agent and/or the Banks to proceed against or realize upon any collateral
hereafter given for the Loans or other Obligations or any and all of the assets of Borrower (notwithstanding the fact that any or all
of Borrowers Principals have an ownership interest in Borrower and, thereby, an interest in the assets of Borrower) or to name
Borrower (or, to the extent that the same are required by applicable Law or are determined by a court to be necessary parties in connection
with an action or suit against Borrower or any collateral hereafter given for the Loans or other Obligations, any of Borrowers
Principals) as a party defendant in, and to enforce against any collateral hereafter given for the Loans or other Obligations and/or
assets of Borrower any judgment obtained by Administrative Agent and/or the Banks with respect to, any action or suit under the Relevant
Documents so long as no judgment shall be taken (except to the extent taking a judgment is required by applicable Law or determined by
a court to be necessary to preserve Administrative Agents and/or Banks rights against any collateral hereafter given for
the Loans or other Obligations or Borrower, but not otherwise) or shall be enforced against Borrowers Principals or their assets.

-73-

Article XII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 12.01 Binding
Effect of Request for Advance. Borrower agrees that, by its acceptance of any advance of proceeds of the Loans under this Agreement,
it shall be bound in all respects by the request for advance submitted on its behalf in connection therewith with the same force and
effect as if Borrower had itself executed and submitted the request for advance and whether or not the request for advance is executed
and/or submitted by an authorized person.

Section 12.02 Amendments
and Waivers. Except as provided in Section 3.02, no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other
Loan Document nor consent to any departure by Borrower (or, in the case of any guaranty executed and delivered pursuant to clause (y) of
the definition of Unencumbered Assets in Section 1.01, the Subsidiary Guarantor referred to therein) therefrom, shall
in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Required Banks and, solely for purposes of its acknowledgment
thereof, Administrative Agent, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific
purpose for which given; provided, however, that no amendment, waiver or consent shall (1) increase or extend the Loan Commitment
of any Bank without the written consent of such Bank; (2) reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Loans or any fees due hereunder
or any other amount due hereunder or under any Loan Document, without the written consent of each Bank affected thereby, except as otherwise
provided in Section 2.21; (3) postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Loans or any fees
due hereunder or under any Loan Document without the written consent of each Bank affected thereby; (4) change the definition of
Required Banks, without the written consent of each Bank; (5) amend Section 9.03, Section 10.15, Section 10.16,
this Section or any other provision requiring the consent of all the Banks, without the written consent of each Bank; (6) waive
any default under paragraph (5) of Section 9.01, without the written consent of each Bank, or (7) release all or substantially
all of the guaranties executed and delivered pursuant to clause (y) of the definition of Unencumbered Assets in Section 1.01
or release any guaranties provided by a Parent Entity pursuant to Section 12.26(c), in each case without the written consent of
each Bank; provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative
Agent or any Sustainability Structuring Agent hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or any Sustainability
Structuring Agent, as the case may be. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to
approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the
consent of all Banks or each affected Bank may be effected with the consent of the applicable Banks other than Defaulting Lenders), except
that (x) the Loan Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Bank and (y) any
waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Banks or each affected Bank that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender
more adversely than other affected Banks shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. Any advance of proceeds of the Loans made
prior to or without the fulfillment by Borrower of all of the conditions precedent thereto, whether or not known to Administrative Agent
and the Banks, shall not constitute a waiver of any Default or Event of Default or a waiver of the requirement that all conditions, including
the non-performed conditions, shall be required with respect to all future advances. Neither any failure or delay on the part of Administrative
Agent or any Bank to exercise any right hereunder nor any single or partial exercise of any right or power hereunder or any abandonment
or discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power shall operate as a waiver thereof or preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by
law. All communications from Administrative Agent to the Banks requesting the Banks determination, consent, approval or disapproval
(i) shall be given in the form of a written notice to each Bank, (ii) shall be accompanied by a description of the matter or
thing as to which such determination, approval, consent or disapproval is requested and (iii) shall include Administrative Agents
recommended course of action or determination in respect thereof. Each Bank shall reply promptly, but in any event within ten (10) Banking
Days (or five (5) Banking Days with respect to any decision to accelerate or stop acceleration of the Loans and other Obligations)
after receipt of the request therefor by Administrative Agent (the Bank Reply Period). Unless a Bank shall
give written notice to Administrative Agent that it objects to the recommendation or determination of Administrative Agent (together
with a written explanation of the reasons behind such objection) within the Bank Reply Period, such Bank shall be deemed to have approved
or consented to such recommendation or determination.

-74-

Section 12.03 Usury.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents
shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by Applicable Law (the Maximum Rate).
If the Administrative Agent or any Bank shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall
be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower.

Section 12.04 Expenses;
Indemnification; Limitation of Liability. Borrower agrees (i) to reimburse Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring
Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, and Syndication Agents on demand for all reasonable costs, expenses, and charges (including, without
limitation, all reasonable fees and charges of engineers, appraisers and legal counsel) incurred by it in connection with the Loans and
the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of the Loan Documents and any amendment or waiver with respect thereto, and (ii) to
reimburse each of the Banks for reasonable legal costs, expenses and charges incurred by each of the Banks in connection with the performance
or enforcement of this Agreement, the Notes, or any other Loan Documents (including such costs, expenses and charges incurred during
any work-out or restructuring of the Loans); provided, however, that Borrower is not responsible for costs, expenses and charges incurred
by the Bank Parties in connection with the administration or syndication of the Loans (other than the fees required by the Fee Letters).
Borrower agrees to indemnify Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring Agent, each Joint Lead Arranger, and each Bank and
their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, advisors and agents (each such Person, an Indemnitee)
from, and hold each of them harmless against, any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, except for Taxes (the indemnification
for which is addressed in Section 3.10), incurred by any of them arising out of or by reason of (x) any claims by brokers due
to acts or omissions by Borrower, (y) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including,
without limitation, the Indemnitees reliance on any Communications executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an
Electronic Record), the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder (including, in the case of the Administrative
Agent and its Related Parties, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) or the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby or (z) any investigation or litigation or other proceedings (including any threatened investigation or litigation or
other proceedings) relating to any actual or proposed use by Borrower of the proceeds of the Loans, including without limitation, the
reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel incurred in connection with any such investigation or litigation or other proceedings; provided
that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related
expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party against
an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitees obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower
or such Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction.

-75-

None of the Administrative
Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, any Sustainability Structuring Agent, any Bank, and any Related Parties of the foregoing Persons (each
such Person, a Lender-Related Person) shall be liable for any damages, and the Borrower agrees not to assert
any claim, arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications,
electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct and actual damages resulting from such Indemnitees breach of Section 12.20.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Lender-Related
Person, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages)
arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any transaction, agreement or instrument contemplated hereby,
any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof.

The obligations of Borrower
under this Section and under Article III shall survive the repayment of all amounts due under or in connection with any of
the Loan Documents and the termination of the Loans, provided, however, that in the case of Article III, such obligations shall
survive only for a period of ninety (90) days after such repayment and termination.

Section 12.05 Assignment;
Participation. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, Borrower, Administrative Agent, the Banks
and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Borrower may not assign or transfer its rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of each Bank (and any attempted assignment or transfer without such consent shall be null and void). Nothing
in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective
successors and assigns permitted hereby, Indemnitees, Participants to the extent provided in this Section 12.05 and, to the
extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent or the Banks) any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

Any Bank may, without the
consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Sustainability Structuring Agent, at any time grant to one or more banks or
other institutions (other than a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the
primary benefit of a natural person), a Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Consolidated Businesses)
(each a Participant) participating interests in its Loan (each a Participation).
In the event of any such grant by a Bank of a Participation to a Participant, whether or not Borrower or Administrative Agent was given
notice, such Bank shall remain responsible for the performance of its obligations hereunder, and Borrower and Administrative Agent shall
continue to deal solely and directly with such Bank in connection with such Banks rights and obligations hereunder. Any agreement
pursuant to which any Bank may grant such a participating interest shall provide that such Bank shall retain the sole right and responsibility
to enforce the obligations of Borrower hereunder and under any other Loan Document including, without limitation, the right to approve
any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that such participation
agreement may provide that such Bank will not agree to any modification, amendment or waiver of this Agreement described in the first
proviso to Section 12.02 without the consent of the Participant. Any Participant hereunder shall have the same benefits as any Bank
with respect to the yield protection, increased cost and tax provisions of Article III (subject to the requirements and limitations
therein, including the requirements under Section 3.10(e) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.10(e) shall
be delivered to the participating Bank)), but a Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment than the Bank granting
such Participation would have been entitled to receive. Each Bank that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as
a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal
amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant
Register); provided that no Bank shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register
(including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters
of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish
that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United
States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Bank shall treat
each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement
notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent)
shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

-76-

Subject to the conditions
set forth below, any Bank may assign to one or more assignees (each such assignee, an Assignee) all or a
portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Loan Commitment and the Loans at the time
owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) of:

(i) the
Borrower, provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Bank, an Affiliate of a Bank, an Approved
Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other Assignee; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed
to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Banking
Days after having received written notice thereof requesting the Borrowers approval and containing a legend that states REQUEST
FOR APPROVAL - FAILURE TO OBJECT TO THIS REQUEST WITHIN TEN (10) BANKING DAYS SHALL BE DEEMED APPROVAL; and

(ii) the
Administrative Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of any Loan Commitment
to an Assignee that is a Bank with a Loan Commitment immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment.

-77-

Such assignments shall be subject to
the following additional conditions:

(1) except
in the case of an assignment to a Bank or an Affiliate of a Bank or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Banks
Loan Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Loan Commitment or Loans of the assigning Bank subject to each such assignment (determined
as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less
than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the
Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(2) each
partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Banks rights and obligations under
this Agreement;

(3) the
parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing
and recordation fee of $3,500;

(4) the
Assignee, if it shall not be a Bank, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the Assignee
designates one or more contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the
Borrower and its related parties or its securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the
Assignees compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws; and

(5) no
such assignment shall be made (A) to the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or (B) to any
Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Bank hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing
Persons described in this clause (B), or (C) to a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned
and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person).

For the purposes of this Section 12.05,
the term Approved Fund has the following meaning:

Approved
Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in
bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a
Bank, (b) an Affiliate of a Bank or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Bank.

-78-

Subject to acceptance and
recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the last paragraph of this Section 12.05, from and after the effective
date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, upon (i) execution and delivery of such Assignment and Acceptance, (ii) payment
by such Assignee to the Bank of an amount equal to the purchase price agreed between the Bank and such Assignee and (iii) payment
of the fee described in paragraph (3) above, such Assignee shall be a Bank Party to this Agreement and shall have all the rights
and obligations of a Bank as set forth in such Assignment and Acceptance, and the assigning Bank shall be released from its obligations
hereunder to a corresponding extent (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Banks rights
and obligations under this Agreement, such Bank shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of
Sections 3.01, 3.05, 3.10, and 12.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment;
provided that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will
constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender,
and no further consent or action by any party shall be required. Upon the consummation of any assignment pursuant to this paragraph,
substitute Notes shall be issued to the assigning Bank and Assignee by Borrower, in exchange for the return of the original Note. The
obligations evidenced by such substitute notes shall constitute Obligations for all purposes of this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents. In connection with Borrowers execution of substitute notes as aforesaid, Borrower shall deliver to Administrative
Agent evidence, satisfactory to Administrative Agent, of all requisite corporate action to authorize Borrowers execution and delivery
of the substitute notes and any related documents. The Assignee shall, prior to the first date on which interest or fees are payable
hereunder for its account, deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent certification as to exemption from deduction or withholding of
any Taxes in accordance with Section 3.10. Each Assignee shall be deemed to have made the representations contained in, and shall
be bound by the provisions of, Section 3.10.

In connection with any assignment
of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to
the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative
Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee
of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable
assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting
Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Bank hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate)
its full Pro Rata Share of all Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any
Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then
the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.

Any Bank may at any time
pledge or assign or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such
Bank, including without limitation any pledge or assignment or grant to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section 12.05
shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment or grant of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment or
grant of a security interest shall release a Bank from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee or
grantee for such Bank as a party hereto.

Borrower recognizes that
in connection with a Banks selling of Participations or making of assignments, any or all documentation, financial statements,
appraisals and other data, or copies thereof, relevant to Borrower or the Loans may be exhibited to and retained by any such Participant
or Assignee or prospective Participant or Assignee. In connection with a Banks delivery of any financial statements and appraisals
to any such Participant or Assignee or prospective Participant or Assignee, such Bank shall also indicate that the same are delivered
on a confidential basis. Borrower agrees to provide all assistance reasonably requested by a Bank to enable such Bank to sell Participations
or make assignments of its Loan as permitted by this Section. Each Bank agrees to provide Borrower with notice of all Participations
sold by such Bank to other than its Affiliates. Any Bank or Participant may pledge its Loans or Participations as collateral in accordance
with applicable law.

-79-

The Administrative Agent,
acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative
Agents Office a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register
for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Banks, and the Loan Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans and any
stated interest, accrued and unpaid interest and any other amounts thereon, owing to, each Bank pursuant to the terms hereof from time
to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrower,
the Administrative Agent and the Banks may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a
Bank hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary and no transfer of an interest in the Loans
shall be effective unless and until recorded in the Register. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall maintain on the Register information
regarding the designation, and revocation of designation, of any Bank as a Defaulting Lender. The Register shall be available for inspection
by the Borrower and any Bank, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. This paragraph shall be construed
so that the Loans are at all times maintained in registered form for purposes of the Code and any applicable regulations
(and any other relevant or successor provisions of the Code or such regulations).

Section 12.06 Documentation
Satisfactory. All documentation required from or to be submitted on behalf of Borrower in connection with this Agreement and
the documents relating hereto shall be subject to the prior approval of, and be satisfactory in form and substance to, Administrative
Agent, its counsel and, where specifically provided herein, the Banks. In addition, the persons or parties responsible for the execution
and delivery of, and signatories to, all of such documentation, shall be acceptable to, and subject to the approval of, Administrative
Agent and its counsel and the Banks.

-80-

Section 12.07 Notices.

(a) Unless
the party to be notified otherwise notifies the other party in writing as provided in this Section, and except as otherwise provided
in this Agreement, notices shall be given to Administrative Agent by telephone (to the extent permitted hereby), confirmed by writing,
and to the Banks and to Borrower by electronic mail, ordinary mail or overnight courier, receipt confirmed, addressed to such party at
(x) its address on the signature page of this Agreement, in the case of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower or (y) the
address, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire, in the case of a Bank. Notices shall
be effective (1) if by telephone, at the time of such telephone conversation, (2) if given by mail, three (3) days after
mailing; and (3) if given by overnight courier, upon receipt. Notices delivered through electronic communications to the
extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b).

(b) Electronic
Communications. Notices and other communications to the Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication
(including e-mail and internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that
the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Bank pursuant to Section 2 if such Bank, has notified the Administrative Agent that
it is incapable of receiving notices under such section by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in
its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures
approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.

Unless
the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received
upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested
function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is
not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening
of business on the next Banking Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website
shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of
notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that,
for both clauses (i) and (ii), if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business
hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next
business day for the recipient.

(c) The
Platform. THE PLATFORM (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 6.09) IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE
AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 6.09)
OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT
OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER
MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring Agent, the Syndication Agents or
any of their Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to Borrower, any Bank or
any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out
of Borrowers or the Administrative Agents or any Sustainability Structuring Agents or the Syndication Agents
transmission of Borrower Materials through the internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses
are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence
or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided, however, that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability
to Borrower, any Bank or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct
or actual damages).

-81-

(d) Change
of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may change its address, electronic mail address, telephone number
for notices and other communications hereunder by written notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Bank may change its address,
electronic mail address, telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent. In addition, each Bank agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has
on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications
may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Bank.

(e) Reliance
by Administrative Agent and Banks. Absent its gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a final and non-appealable judgment, the Administrative Agent and the Banks shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including
telephonic notices and Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in
a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the
terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative
Agent, each Bank and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance
by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower, except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction
determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that such Person acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct. All telephonic
notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of
the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.

Section 12.08 Setoff.
Borrower agrees that, in addition to (and without limitation of) any right of setoff, bankers lien or counterclaim a Bank may
otherwise have, each Bank and its Affiliates shall be entitled, at its option, to offset balances (general or special, time or demand,
provisional or final) held by it for the account of Borrower at any of such Banks or such Affiliates offices, in Dollars
or in any other currency, against any amount payable by Borrower to such Bank or such Affiliate under this Agreement or such Banks
Note, or any other Loan Document which is not paid when due (regardless of whether such balances are then due to Borrower), in which
case it shall promptly notify Borrower and Administrative Agent thereof; provided that such Banks or such Affiliates failure
to give such notice shall not affect the validity thereof, and provided further, that in the event that any Defaulting Lender
shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for
further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.20 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting
Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Banks, and (y) the Defaulting
Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting
Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff.

-82-

Payments by Borrower hereunder
or under the other Loan Documents shall be made without setoff or counterclaim.

Section 12.09 Table
of Contents; Headings. Any table of contents and the headings and captions hereunder are for convenience only and shall not affect
the interpretation or construction of this Agreement.

Section 12.10 Severability.
The provisions of this Agreement are intended to be severable. If for any reason any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid
or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent
of such invalidity or unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction
or the remaining provisions hereof in any jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 12.10, if and
to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief
Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent
not so limited.

Section 12.11 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument,
and any party hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of
this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this
Agreement.

Section 12.12 Integration.
The Loan Documents and the Fee Letters set forth the entire agreement among the parties hereto relating to the transactions contemplated
thereby and supersede any prior oral or written statements or agreements with respect to such transactions.

Section 12.13 Governing
Law. This Agreement and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based
upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set
forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with,
the Laws of the State of New York (without giving effect to New Yorks principles of conflicts of Laws).

Section 12.14 Waivers.
In connection with the obligations and liabilities as aforesaid, Borrower hereby waives (1) promptness and diligence; (2) notice
of any actions taken by any Bank Party under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto
except to the extent otherwise provided herein; (3) all other notices, demands and protests, and all other formalities of every
kind in connection with the enforcement of the Obligations, the omission of or delay in which, but for the provisions of this Section,
might constitute grounds for relieving Borrower of its obligations hereunder; (4) any requirement that any Bank Party protect, secure,
perfect or insure any Lien on any collateral or exhaust any right or take any action against Borrower or any other Person or any collateral;
(5) any right or claim of right to cause a marshalling of the assets of Borrower; and (6) all rights of subrogation or contribution,
whether arising by contract or operation of law (including, without limitation, any such right arising under the Federal Bankruptcy Code)
or otherwise by reason of payment by Borrower, either jointly or severally, pursuant to this Agreement or other Loan Documents.

-83-

Section 12.15 Jurisdiction;
Immunities. Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Bank hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York
State court sitting in New York County or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in New York
County, and any appellate court from any thereof, over any action or proceeding (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) arising out
of or relating to this Agreement, the Notes or any other Loan Document. Borrower, Administrative Agent, and each Bank irrevocably agree
that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or United States Federal court.
Borrower, Administrative Agent, and each Bank irrevocably consent to the service of any and all process in any such action or proceeding
by the mailing of copies of such process to Borrower, Administrative Agent or each Bank, as the case may be, at the addresses specified
herein. Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Bank agree that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive
and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. Borrower, Administrative Agent
and each Bank further waive any objection to venue in the State of New York and any objection to an action or proceeding in the State
of New York on the basis of forum non conveniens. Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Bank agree that any action or proceeding brought
against Borrower, Administrative Agent or any Bank, as the case may be, shall be brought only in a New York State court sitting in New
York County or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York court sitting in New York County, to the extent
permitted or not expressly prohibited by applicable Law.

Nothing in this Section shall
affect the right of Borrower, Administrative Agent or any Bank to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by Law.

To the extent that Borrower,
Administrative Agent or any Bank have or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process
(whether from service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) with respect to
itself or its property, Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Bank hereby irrevocably waive such immunity in respect of its obligations
under this Agreement, the Notes and any other Loan Document.

BORROWER, ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT AND EACH BANK WAIVE ANY RIGHT EACH SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING (WHETHER
IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BROUGHT WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTES, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE LOANS, OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES
THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS
IN THIS SECTION.

-84-

Section 12.16 [Reserved].

Section 12.17 [Reserved].

Section 12.18 USA
Patriot Act, Etc.. Each Bank hereby notifies Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of
Pub.L.107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act) and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation,
it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Borrower, which information includes the name and address of
Borrower and other information that will allow such Bank to identify Borrower in accordance with the Act and the Beneficial Ownership
Regulation.

Section 12.19 [Reserved].

Section 12.20 Treatment
of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Banks agrees to maintain the confidentiality
of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates
respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants, trustees, advisors and representatives in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of
the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by
any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority), (c) to the extent required
by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection
with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or
any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions
substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Assignee of or Participant
in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any
swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower or (h) to
the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes
available to the Administrative Agent, any Bank, or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other
than the Borrower.

In addition, the Administrative
Agent and the Banks may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar
service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Banks in connection with the administration
of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Loans, and the Loan Commitments.

For purposes of this Section,
Information means all information received from the Borrower or any Consolidated Business relating to the Borrower or any
Consolidated Business or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative
Agent or any Bank on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any Consolidated Business, provided that, in the
case of information received from the Borrower or any Consolidated Business after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified
at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall
be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality
of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.

-85-

Each of the Administrative
Agent and the Banks acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Borrower or
a Consolidated Business, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public
information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States
Federal and state securities Laws.

For the avoidance of doubt,
nothing herein prohibits any individual from communicating or disclosing information regarding suspected violations of laws, rules, or
regulations to a governmental, regulatory, or self-regulatory authority without any notification of any person.

Section 12.21 Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other
document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof
and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Bank, regardless
of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Bank or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent
or any Bank may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any credit extension, and shall continue in full force and
effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any representation
or warranty made hereunder and specified to be made as of a certain date shall continue to be interpreted as having been made only as
of such date.

Section 12.22 No
Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection
with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges
its Affiliates understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the
Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring Agent, the Arrangers, and the Banks are arms-length commercial transactions
between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring Agent, the Arrangers,
and the Banks, on the other hand, (B) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent
it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions
of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability
Structuring Agent, each Arranger and each Bank is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing
by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of its
Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring Agent, any Arranger nor
any Bank has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those
obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring
Agent, the Arrangers and the Banks and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests
that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability Structuring Agent,
any Arranger, nor any Bank has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, any Sustainability
Structuring Agent, any Arranger or any Bank with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with
any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.

-86-

Section 12.23 Electronic
Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications
required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Borrower and
each of the Administrative Agent and the Bank Parties agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall
be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic
Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with
the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be
executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts
are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation,
use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format),
or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative
Agent and each of the Bank Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic
Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business,
and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy,
shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is not under any obligation to accept an Electronic
Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further,
without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative
Agent and each of the Bank Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the
Borrower and/or any Bank Party without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Bank Party,
any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic
Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006,
as it may be amended from time to time.

The Administrative Agent
shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or
genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection
with the Administrative Agents reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic
means). The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or
any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet
website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and
believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements
set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof).

-87-

The Borrower and each Bank
Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement
and/or any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and (ii) waives
any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Bank Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative
Agents and/or any Bank Partys reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result
of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission
of any Electronic Signature.

Section 12.24Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Solely to the extent any Bank that is an Affected Financial Institution
is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement
or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Bank that is an Affected Financial
Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion
Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a) the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder
which may be payable to it by any Bank that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b) the
effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(A) a
reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(B) a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other
instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any
other Loan Document; or

(C) the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority.

-88-

Section 12.25 Acknowledgement
Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any
swap contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support, and each such
QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect
of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported
QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United
States):

(a) In
the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest
and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or
such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S.
Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property)
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of
a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that
might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted
to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported
QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the
foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event
affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

(b) As
used in this Section 12.25, the following terms have the following meanings:

BHC Act
Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C.
1841(k)) of such party.

Covered
Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance
with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with,
12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Default
Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2
or 382.1, as applicable.

QFC
has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C.
5390(c)(8)(D).

Section 12.26 UPREIT
Reorganization.

(a) The
Borrower may elect to reorganize its corporate organizational structure to implement an umbrella partnership real estate
investment trust structure (the Reorganization) whereby upon the consummation of the Reorganization, (i) the
Borrower under this Agreement shall become a subsidiary of a REIT whose shares have trading privileges on the New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE American or which is subject to price quotations on The NASDAQ Stock Markets National Market System (the REIT
Entity) and (ii) the REIT Entity shall own substantially all of its assets and conduct substantially all of its operations
through a limited partnership, limited liability company or other registered business organization (other than a general partnership)
under the laws of any state of the United States or the District of Columbia (the OP) of which the REIT Entity
(or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the REIT Entity) is the general partner, manager, or managing member, as applicable. The Reorganization
may be effectuated, among other options, by (1) the Borrower forming an OP and contributing all or substantially all of its assets
to the OP (and/or Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of the OP) (a Drop-Down Conversion) or (2) the Borrower
merging with a direct or indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower, with the Borrower surviving as the OP (or a direct or indirect
Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the OP) of the REIT Entity (an Inversion Conversion).

-89-

(b) In
the event of a Drop-Down Conversion, the OP may assume all of the liabilities and obligations under, and the entity constituting the
Borrower immediately prior to the Reorganization (the Former Borrower Entity) may transfer and assign to
the OP all of its rights and benefits under, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party (and the Former Borrower
Entity shall be released from all liabilities and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Former Borrower
Entity is a party (including, without limitation, any obligations arising as general partner of the OP under applicable state law) (collectively,
the Assumption Transaction), in each case, subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

(i) the
Borrower shall have given the Administrative Agent and the Banks prior written notice of the Borrowers intent to exercise a Drop-Down
Conversion at least 60 days (or such shorter period as may be permitted by the Administrative Agent) prior to the proposed effective
date of the Assumption Transaction (the Assumption Date);

(ii) the
Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent:

(A) an
assignment and assumption agreement executed by the Borrower and the OP, providing for the OPs assumption of all of the Borrowers
liabilities and obligations under, and the Borrowers transfer and assignment to the OP of all of the Borrowers rights and
benefits under, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party, and, except as set forth in the first sentence
of Section 1.04 hereof or as otherwise expressly set forth herein, the term Borrower shall thereafter refer to the
OP);

(B) amendments
to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents executed by the Borrower and the OP, as appropriate, as requested by the Administrative
Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, no Banks consent shall be required to effectuate any amendment entered into in reliance on
this Section 12.26;

(C) where
applicable, replacement Notes executed by the OP, payable to each applicable Bank and complying with the terms of Section 2.08;

(D) an
opinion of counsel to the OP, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Banks and covering such matters as the Administrative Agent
may reasonably request in relation to matters covered in opinions concerning the Borrower on the Closing Date;

(E) the
certificates, agreements and other items that would have been delivered under Sections 4.01 (4), (5), (6), (7) and (14) of this
Agreement on behalf of the OP if the OP had been the Borrower on the Closing Date;

(F) An
Authorization Letter executed by the OP effective as of the Assumption Date; and

-90-

(G) such
other documents and instruments as the Administrative Agent, or any Bank through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably request;

(iii) no
Default or Event of Default shall exist as of the date the Reorganization or will exist immediately after giving effect thereto;

(iv) the
representations and warranties made or deemed made by the Borrower or the OP in any Loan Document (as amended to incorporate any revisions
associated with the Reorganization) to which the Borrower or the OP is a party shall be true and correct in all material respects (except
in the case of a representation or warranty qualified by materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and
correct in all respects) on the Assumption Date except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely
to an earlier date (in which case such representation and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (except
in the case of a representation or warranty qualified by materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true
in all respects) on and as of such earlier date) and except for changes in factual circumstances not prohibited hereunder;

(v) the
Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from the chief executive officer or chief financial officer of the OP certifying
as to the matters set forth in clauses (iii) and (iv) above; and

(vi) the
Borrower shall have transferred all of its assets to the OP other than those assets the Borrower is permitted to retain in accordance
with Section 12.26(c).

(c) Immediately
upon the effectiveness of the Reorganization and continuing at all times thereafter:

(i) the
REIT Entitys assets shall consist solely of Equity Interests in the OP or any Wholly Owned Subsidiaries whose assets consist solely
of direct or indirect Equity Interests in the OP (provided, that the REIT Entity may (A) have cash and other assets of nominal value
incidental to its ownership of such Equity Interests, (B) maintain assets on a temporary or pass-through basis that are held for
subsequent payment of dividends or other distributions or for contribution to any Subsidiary, in each case, not otherwise prohibited
by this Agreement, (C) have contract rights related to REIT Entitys status as a public company, (D) have immaterial
intercompany liabilities owing to any Parent Entity (as defined below) by the OP or any Subsidiary thereof and (E) have other assets
the aggregate book value of which does not exceed $30,000,000; and

(ii) neither
the REIT Entity nor any Wholly Owned Subsidiaries thereof whose assets consist solely of direct or indirect Equity Interests in the OP
(each, a Parent Entity) shall have any liabilities other than liabilities that would be reflected in consolidated financial
statements of the OP (provided, that any Parent Entity may have (A) other liabilities incidental to its status as a publicly traded
REIT and not constituting liabilities in respect of indebtedness for borrowed money, including liabilities associated with employment
contracts, employee benefit matters, indemnification obligations pursuant to purchase and sale agreements, and other legacy liabilities
arising pursuant to contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business prior to (and not in contemplation of) the Reorganization,
(B) nonconsensual obligations imposed by operation of applicable Law, (C) obligations in the form of (1) Nonrecourse Debt
Guarantees and (2) contingent obligations in relation to ground leases, (D) obligations in respect of acquisition or merger
transactions (provided that substantially all assets acquired in such transaction are contributed to the OP), disposition or capital
markets transactions (other than the incurrence of debt securities by any Parent Entity in respect of with the Parent Entity is an obligor),
(E) obligations in respect of preferred equity issued by any Parent Entity, (F) obligations of any Parent Entity that may be
satisfied solely by the issuance of any common equity or preferred equity and (G) other immaterial obligations, immaterial intercompany
obligations or other intercompany obligations owing by any Parent Entity to the OP or any Subsidiary of the OP).

-91-

If at any time the requirements set forth in this
Section 12.26(c) are not satisfied for a period of more than thirty (30) days (or such longer period as Administrative Agent
may determine with the consent of the Required Banks), the REIT Entity (and, if applicable, each other Parent Entity) shall be required
to provide a guaranty of all of the Borrowers Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents pursuant to a guaranty
agreement, accompanied by customary certificates, opinions and other materials as requested by the Administrative Agent, in each case
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, no breach or failure of condition
precedent to the Reorganization or Default shall be deemed to have occurred as a result of such failure to satisfy the requirements set
forth in this Section 12.26(c) if the Borrower takes the actions required by this paragraph within the time periods set forth
herein.

-92-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC.

By: /s/ Michael Simel

Name: Michael Simel

Title: Senior Vice President, Capital Markets

Address for Notices:

4040 Wilson Blvd, Suite 1000

Arlington, VA 22203

Attention:

Email:

Address of principal place of business, if different
than above: n/a

Taxpayer Identification Number: 77-0404318

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Term Loan Agreement

TRUIST BANK (as Administrative Agent
and Bank)

By: /s/ C. Vincent Hughes, Jr.

Name: C. Vincent Hughes, Jr.

Title: Director

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Term Loan Agreement

MIZUHO BANK, LTD.

By: /s/
Donna DeMagistris

Name: Donna DeMagistris

Title: Managing Director

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Term Loan Agreement

ASSOCIATED BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: /s/ Mitchell Vega

Name: Mitchell Vega

Title: Senior Vice President

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Term Loan Agreement

TD BANK, N.A.

By: /s/
William M. Brandt, Jr.

Name: William M. Brandt, Jr.

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to AvalonBay

Term Loan Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>avb-20250403.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>avb-20250403_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>avb-20250403_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 1-12672

Entity Registrant Name AVALONBAY
COMMUNITIES, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000915912

Entity Tax Identification Number 77-0404318

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 4040 Wilson Blvd., Suite 1000,

Entity Address, City or Town Arlington

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 22203

City Area Code 703

Local Phone Number 329-6300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol AVB

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://avalonbay.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

avb-20250403.xsd 
avb-20250403_lab.xml 
avb-20250403_pre.xml 
tm2511411d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-032276-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm2511411d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000915912 

2025-04-03 
2025-04-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000915912 
8-K 
2025-04-03 
AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. 
MD 
1-12672 
77-0404318 
4040 Wilson Blvd., Suite 1000, 
Arlington 
VA 
22203 
703 
329-6300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
AVB 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>