<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-008508.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-008508.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203124817
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-008508
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250201
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GERMAN AMERICAN BANCORP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000714395
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				351547518
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15877
		FILM NUMBER:		25581547

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		711 MAIN ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 810
		CITY:			JASPER
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47546
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8124821314

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		711 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			JASPER
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47546

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GERMAN AMERICAN BANCORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950510

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GAB BANCORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950510
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm255296d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000071439500007143952025-02-012025-02-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 1, 2025

GERMAN AMERICAN BANCORP, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Indiana

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)

001-15877 35-1547518

(Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

711 Main Street 

Jasper, Indiana 47546

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (812) 482-1314

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading 

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, no par value GABC Nasdaq Global Select Market

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition
of Assets.

On February 1, 2025,
German American Bancorp, Inc. (the Company) completed its previously announced acquisition of Heartland BancCorp (Heartland)
pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated July 29, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), among the Company,
German American Bank (the Bank), Heartland, and Heartland Bank. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Heartland merged
with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger (the Merger). As of the effective time of the Merger, each
share of outstanding Heartland common stock (other than shares held in the HLAN 401(k) Plan (as such term is defined
in the Merger Agreement)) was converted into the right to receive, without interest, 3.90 shares (the Exchange Ratio) of
German American Bancorp, Inc. common stock, without par value, plus cash-in-lieu of any fractional share created by the Exchange
Ratio. Immediately following the Merger, Heartland Bank, an Ohio bank and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Heartland, merged with and into
the Bank, with the Bank surviving the merger and continuing its corporate existence.

The beneficial owners of Heartland
shares held in the HLAN 401(k) Plan are entitled to receive a cash payment equal to $161.19 per share, which is equal to the Exchange
Ratio multiplied by the closing trading price of the Companys common shares on January 31, 2025. Each option to acquire a
share of Heartland common stock outstanding at the closing of the Merger has been cancelled in exchange for the right to receive a cash
payment equal to (i) $39.64 per share, which is equal to the Exchange Ratio multiplied by the volume-weighted average price of the
Companys common shares over the ten (10) consecutive trading days ending on January 28, 2025, less (ii) the option
exercise price per share, and less (iii) any applicable withholding taxes.

Based on the number of shares
of Heartland common stock outstanding at the effective time of the Merger, the Company expects to issue approximately 7.74 million shares
of its common stock. In addition, the Company will pay an aggregate of approximately $23.1 million in cash in exchange for shares of Heartland
common stock held in the HLAN 401(k) Plan and in cancellation of all options to acquire Heartland common stock outstanding as of
the effective time of the Merger.

The foregoing description
of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is
attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

As contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, on February 1, 2025, and by virtue of the Merger, the Company assumed Heartlands obligations under its 5.0% Fixed-to-Floating
Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030 (the Notes), which have a current outstanding aggregate principal amount of $24,300,000,
including the punctual payment of any premium and interest thereon.

The Notes were originally
issued by Heartland on May 15, 2020 pursuant to Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements with certain qualified institutional buyers
and accredited investors. The Notes were offered and sold by Heartland to eligible purchasers in a private offering in reliance on the
exemption from the registration requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The Notes have a maturity
date of May 15, 2030 (the Maturity Date) and, up to but excluding June 15, 2025, bear interest at a fixed annual
rate of 5.0%, payable semi-annually in arrears. From and including June 15, 2025, to but excluding the Maturity Date or early redemption
date, the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then-current three-month Secured Overnight Financing
Rate provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York plus 490.0 basis points, payable quarterly in arrears. The Notes provide that, upon
an event of default with respect to the Notes relating to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, or receivership involving the Company,
the holder may declare the principal amount of the Notes to be due and payable immediately.

The Notes are redeemable,
in whole or in part, at the option of the Company on June 15, 2025, on any scheduled payment date thereafter, and at any time upon
the occurrence of certain events. Any redemption of the Notes will be subject to prior regulatory approval to the extent required.

The Notes are not subject
to any sinking fund and are not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.
The Notes are not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. The Notes are unsecured, subordinated obligations of the Company
only and are not obligations of, and are not guaranteed by, any subsidiary of the Company. The Notes rank junior in right to payment to
the Companys current and future senior indebtedness. The Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital
purposes for the Company.

The foregoing description
of the Notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Subordinated Note, which is
attached as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

(d) As contemplated
by the Merger Agreement, G. Scott McComb, Heartlands Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer immediately prior to the completion
of the Merger, and Ronnie R. Stokes, another member of Heartlands board of directors immediately prior to the completion of the
Merger, have been appointed to the Companys Board of Directors. Mr. McComb was appointed for a term that commenced on February 1,
2025 and expires on the date of the Companys 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, filling the vacancy caused by the recently reported
resignation of Thomas W. Seger. Mr. Stokes was appointed for a term that commenced on February 1, 2025 and expires on the date
of the Companys 2027 annual meeting of shareholders. In order to permit the appointment of Mr. Stokes, the Companys
Board of Directors increased its size from twelve (12) to thirteen (13) members, with such vacancy being added to the class of directors
whose term expires at the Companys annual meeting of shareholders in 2027. Also as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, at the
conclusion of their initial terms, Messrs. McComb and Stokes will be nominated to stand for election to an additional term of three
(3) years, subject to continued compliance with all applicable corporate governance policies and guidelines of the Company.

Also effective on February 1,
2025, Mr. McComb began serving on the Credit Risk Management Committee and the Wealth Advisory Oversight Committee of the Company,
and Mr. Stokes began serving on the Finance & Asset/Liability Management Committee (ALCO) and the Community Reinvestment
Act Committee of the Company.

As stated above, Mr. McComb
was Heartlands Chairman, President and CEO, a role he held since 2011. Mr. McComb first joined Heartland in 1999 as Director
of Internet Banking. Since then, Mr. McComb served in various senior leadership roles at Heartland Bank including Senior Vice President
of Customer Relations, and Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. He was promoted to President in September 2008,
CEO in 2009, and Chairman in 2011.

In addition to being a Heartland
director, Mr. Stokes is President and Chief Executive Officer at Three Leaf Productions, Inc., which provides integrated marketing
and printing services nationwide. He also is an owner of LARS Properties, LLC, which offers real estate investment, property management,
and commercial painting services. Mr. Stokes is in his 28th season as the on-air, expert analyst for The Ohio State Universitys
Mens Basketball radio network.

- 2 -

For their services as directors,
Messrs. McComb and Stokes will each be entitled to receive their pro rata portion of the standard director retainers (cash and equity)
and standard cash meeting fees payable to non-employee directors of the Company, as more fully described in the Description of
Director Compensation Arrangements included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended June 30, 2024, which description is incorporated herein by reference. Other than being eligible to receive such
director compensation and such appointments being required by the Merger Agreement, neither Mr. McComb nor Mr. Stokes has entered
into any material plan, contract, or arrangement in connection with their respective appointment as a director. Further, neither Mr. McComb
nor Mr. Stokes is a party to any transaction with the Company that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Securities
and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On February 1, 2025,
the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Merger. A copy of the press release is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

The information contained
in this Item 7.01 (including Exhibit 99.1) is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section. The information in this Current Report shall not be deemed
incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference
in such a filing.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) Financial
Statements of Business Acquired.

The financial statements
required by this item will be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K no later than 71 days after the date on which
this Current Report on Form 8-K is required to be filed.

(b) Pro
Forma Financial Information.

The pro forma financial information
required by this item will be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K no later than 71 days after the date on which
this Current Report on Form 8-K is required to be filed.

- 3 -

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

2.1* Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization by and among German American Bancorp, Inc., German American Bank, Heartland
BancCorp, and Heartland Bank, dated as of July 29, 2024, is incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 29,
2024 (SEC File No. 001-15877).

4.1 Form of Subordinated
Note.

99.1 Press release, dated
February 3, 2025, issued by German American Bancorp, Inc.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File
(embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Schedules to the subject agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule
will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

* * * * * *

- 4 -

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

GERMAN AMERICAN
BANCORP, INC.

Date: February 3,
2025 By: /s/
D. Neil Dauby 

D. Neil Dauby, Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer

- 5 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm255296d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

FORM OF SUBORDINATED NOTE

HEARTLAND BANCCORP

5.0%
FIXED-TO-FLOATING RATE Subordinated Note due 2030

THE
INDEBTEDNESS EVIDENCED BY THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE IS SUBORDINATED AND JUNIOR IN RIGHT OF PAYMENT TO SENIOR INDEBTEDNESS (AS DEFINED IN
SECTION 3 OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE) OF HEARTLAND BANCCORP (THE COMPANY), INCLUDING OBLIGATIONS
OF THE COMPANY TO ITS GENERAL CREDITORS AND SECURED CREDITORS, AND IS UNSECURED. IT IS INELIGIBLE AS COLLATERAL FOR ANY EXTENSION OF
CREDIT BY THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES. IN THE EVENT OF LIQUIDATION ALL HOLDERS OF SENIOR INDEBTEDNESS OF THE COMPANY SHALL
BE ENTITLED TO BE PAID IN FULL WITH SUCH INTEREST AS MAY BE PROVIDED BY LAW BEFORE ANY PAYMENT SHALL BE MADE ON ACCOUNT OF PRINCIPAL
OF OR INTEREST ON THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE. AFTER PAYMENT IN FULL OF ALL SUMS OWING TO SUCH HOLDERS OF SENIOR INDEBTEDNESS, THE HOLDER
OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE, TOGETHER WITH THE HOLDERS OF ANY OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY RANKING ON A PARITY WITH THE SUBORDINATED NOTES,
SHALL BE ENTITLED TO BE PAID FROM THE REMAINING ASSETS OF THE COMPANY THE UNPAID PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE PLUS ACCRUED
AND UNPAID INTEREST THEREON BEFORE ANY PAYMENT OR OTHER DISTRIBUTION, WHETHER IN CASH, PROPERTY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE MADE (i) with
respect to any obligation that by its terms expressly is junior in the right of payment to the Subordinated Notes, (ii) with respect
to the existing subordinated promissory notes of the Company as of the date of the issuance of this Subordinated Note to which this Subordinated
Note shall be senior, (iii) with respect to any indebtedness between the Company and any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or
(iv) on account OF ANY SHARES OF CAPITAL STOCK OF THE COMPANY.

THE INDEBTEDNESS EVIDENCED BY THIS SUBORDINATED
NOTE IS NOT A DEPOSIT AND IS NOT INSURED BY THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENT AGENCY OR FUND.

THIS
SUBORDINATED NOTE WILL BE ISSUED AND MAY BE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN MINIMUM DENOMINATIONS OF $1,000 AND MULTIPLES OF $1,000
IN EXCESS THEREOF. ANY ATTEMPTED TRANSFER OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE IN A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN $1,000 SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE VOID
AND OF NO LEGAL EFFECT WHATSOEVER. ANY SUCH PURPORTED TRANSFEREE SHALL BE DEEMED NOT TO BE THE HOLDER OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE FOR ANY
PURPOSE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE RECEIPT OF PAYMENTS ON THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE, AND SUCH PURPORTED TRANSFEREE SHALL
BE DEEMED TO HAVE NO INTEREST WHATSOEVER IN THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE.

THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE MAY BE SOLD ONLY
IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES
LAWS. NEITHER THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED,
ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO,
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

CERTAIN
ERISA CONSIDERATIONS:

THE HOLDER OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE, OR ANY
INTEREST HEREIN, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF OR THEREOF AGREES, REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT IT IS NOT AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN, INDIVIDUAL
RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED
(ERISA), OR SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE)
(EACH, A PLAN), OR AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF ANY PLANS
INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY, AND NO PERSON INVESTING PLAN ASSETS OF ANY PLAN MAY ACQUIRE OR HOLD THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE
OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, UNLESS SUCH PURCHASER OR HOLDER IS ELIGIBLE FOR THE EXEMPTIVE RELIEF AVAILABLE UNDER U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION CLASS EXEMPTION 96-23, 95-60, 91-38, 90-1 OR 84-14 OR ANOTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION OR ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING
OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE, OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, ARE NOT PROHIBITED BY SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE
WITH RESPECT TO SUCH PURCHASE AND HOLDING. ANY PURCHASER OR HOLDER OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN WILL BE DEEMED TO
HAVE REPRESENTED BY ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING THEREOF THAT EITHER: (I) IT IS NOT AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN TO WHICH
TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE IS APPLICABLE, A TRUSTEE OR OTHER PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT
PLAN OR PLANS, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY USING THE PLAN ASSETS OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLANS TO FINANCE
SUCH PURCHASE OR (II) SUCH PURCHASE OR HOLDING WILL NOT RESULT IN A PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE FOR WHICH FULL EXEMPTIVE RELIEF IS NOT AVAILABLE UNDER APPLICABLE STATUTORY OR ADMINISTRATIVE EXEMPTION.

ANY FIDUCIARY OF ANY PLAN WHO IS CONSIDERING
THE ACQUISITION OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN SHOULD CONSULT WITH HIS OR HER LEGAL COUNSEL PRIOR TO ACQUIRING THIS
SUBORDINATED NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN.

2

No.: 2030-_____

HEARTLAND
BANCCORP

5.0% FIXED-TO-FLOATING RATE Subordinated
Note due 2030

1.Subordinated
Notes. This Subordinated Note is one of an issue of notes of Heartland BancCorp, an Ohio corporation (the Company),
designated as the 5.0% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due May 15,
2030 (the Subordinated Notes) issued pursuant to that Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of the
date hereof (the Issue Date), between the Company and the several purchasers of the Subordinated Notes identified
on the signature pages thereto (the Purchase Agreement), or pursuant to that Subordinated Note Exchange Agreement,
dated as of the Issue Date, between the Company and the several purchasers of the Subordinated Notes identified on the signature pages thereto
(the Exchange Agreement), as applicable.

2.Payment.
The Company, for value received, promises to pay to ____________________, or its registered assigns, the principal sum of ____________________
Dollars (U.S.) ($__________), plus accrued but unpaid interest on May 15, 2030 (Stated Maturity) and to pay
interest thereon (i) from and including the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes to but excluding June 15, 2025 or the earlier
redemption date contemplated by Section 4 of this Subordinated Note, at the rate of 5.0% per annum, computed on the basis
of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months and payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of
each year (each payment date, a Fixed Rate Interest Payment Date), beginning September 15, 2020, and (ii) from
and including June 15, 2025 to but excluding the Stated Maturity or the earlier redemption date contemplated by Section 4
of this Subordinated Note, at the rate per annum, reset quarterly, equal to the Floating Interest Rate (as defined below) determined
on the Floating Interest Determination Date (as defined below) of the applicable interest period plus 490.0 basis points, computed on
the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed and payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15,
September 15 and December 15 (each quarterly period, a "Floating Rate Period") of each year (each, a Floating
Rate Interest Payment Date). Dollar amounts resulting from interest calculations shall be rounded to the nearest cent, with
one-half cent being rounded up. The term Floating Interest Determination Date means the date upon which the Floating
Interest Rate is determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined below) pursuant to the Three-Month Term SOFR Conventions (as defined
below). Any payment of principal of or interest on this Subordinated Note that would otherwise become due and payable on a day which
is not a Business Day shall become due and payable on the next succeeding Business Day, with the same force and effect as if made on
the date for payment of such principal or interest, and no interest will accrue in respect of such payment for the period after such
day; provided, that in the event that any scheduled Floating Rate Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day and
the next succeeding Business Day falls in the next succeeding calendar month, such Floating Rate Interest Payment Date will be accelerated
to the immediately preceding Business Day, and, in each such case, the amounts payable on such Business Day will include interest accrued
to, but excluding, such Business Day.

(a)The
Company shall take such actions as are necessary to ensure that from the commencement of the Floating Rate Period for so long as any
of the Subordinated Notes remain outstanding there will at all times be a Calculation Agent appointed to calculate Three-Month Term SOFR
in respect of each Floating Rate Period. The Company may appoint itself or any of its Affiliates to be the Calculation Agent. The calculation
of Three-Month Term SOFR for each applicable Floating Rate Period by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be
final and binding. The Calculation Agents determination of any interest rate and its calculation of interest payments for any
period will be maintained on file at the Calculation Agents principal offices, will be made available to any Noteholder (as defined
below) upon request. The Calculation Agent may be removed by the Company at any time. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling
to act as Calculation Agent or is removed by the Company, the Company will promptly appoint a replacement Calculation Agent. The Calculation
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been duly appointed; provided, that if a successor Calculation Agent has not
been appointed by the Company and such successor accepted such position within thirty (30) days after the giving of notice of resignation
by the Calculation Agent, then the resigning Calculation Agent may petition, at the expense of the Company, any court of competent jurisdiction
for the appointment of a successor Calculation Agent with respect to such series. For the avoidance of doubt, if at any time there is
no Calculation Agent appointed by the Company, then the Company shall be the Calculation Agent.

3

(b)An
Interest Payment Date is either a Fixed Rate Interest Payment Date or a Floating Rate Interest Payment Date, as
applicable.

(c)The
Floating Interest Rate means:

(i)initially
Three-Month Term SOFR (as defined below).

(ii)Notwithstanding
the foregoing clause (i) of this Section 2(c):

(1)If
the Calculation Agent determines prior to the relevant Floating Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Transition Event and its
related Benchmark Replacement Date (each of such terms as defined below) have occurred with respect to Three-Month Term SOFR, then the
Company (or its Calculation Agent) shall promptly provide notice of such determination to the Noteholders and Section 2(d) will
thereafter apply to all determinations, calculations and quotations made or obtained for the purposes of calculating the Floating Interest
Rate payable on the Subordinated Notes during a relevant Floating Rate Period.

(2)However,
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect
to Three-Month Term SOFR, but for any reason the Benchmark Replacement has not been determined as of the relevant Floating Interest Determination
Date, the Floating Interest Rate for the applicable Floating Rate Period will be equal to the Floating Interest Rate on the last Floating
Interest Determination Date for the Subordinated Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

(d)Effect
of Benchmark Transition Event.

(i)If
the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred on or prior
to the Reference Time (as defined below) in respect of any determination of the Benchmark (as defined below) on any date, then the Benchmark
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Subordinated Notes during the relevant Floating
Rate Period in respect of such determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates.

(ii)In
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes from time to time.

(iii)The
Calculation Agent is expressly authorized to make certain determinations, decisions and elections under the Subordinated Notes, including
with respect to the use of Three-Month Term SOFR as the Benchmark under this Section 2(d). Any determination, decision or
election that may be made by the Calculation Agent under the terms of the Subordinated Notes, including any determination with respect
to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date, and any decision to take or
refrain from taking any action or any selection:

(1)will
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;

4

(2)if
made by the Company as the Calculation Agent, will be made in the Companys sole discretion;

(3)if
made by the Calculation Agent other than the Company, will be made after consultation with the Company, and the Calculation Agent will
not make any such determination, decision or election to which the Company reasonably objects; and

(4)notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Subordinated Note or the Purchase Agreement or the Exchange Agreement, as applicable, shall become effective
without consent from the Noteholders or any other party.

(iv)If
the Calculation Agent fails to make any determination, decision or election that it is required to make under the terms of the Subordinated
Notes, then the Company will make such determination, decision or election on the same basis as described above.

(v)For
the avoidance of doubt, after a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, interest payable
on this Subordinated Note for the Floating Rate Period will be an annual rate equal to the sum of the applicable Benchmark Replacement
and the spread specified on the face hereof.

(vi)If
the then-current Benchmark is Three-Month Term SOFR, the Calculation Agent will have the right to establish the Three-Month Term SOFR
Conventions, and if any of the foregoing provisions concerning the calculation of the interest rate and the payment of interest during
the Floating Rate Period are inconsistent with any of the Three-Month Term SOFR Conventions determined by the Calculation Agent, then
the relevant Three-Month Term SOFR Conventions will apply.

(vii)As
used in this Subordinated Note:

(1)Benchmark
means, initially, Three-Month Term SOFR; provided that if the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Three-Month Term SOFR or the then-current Benchmark,
then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

(2)Benchmark
Replacement means the Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the then-current Benchmark, plus the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment
for such Benchmark; provided that if (a) the Calculation Agent cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark
Replacement Date or (b) the then-current Benchmark is Three-Month Term SOFR and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Three-Month Term SOFR (in which event no Interpolated Benchmark with respect to Three-Month
Term SOFR shall be determined), then Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below
that can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

a.Compounded
SOFR;

b.the
sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

5

c.the
sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

d.the
sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Calculation Agent as the replacement for the then-current
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement
for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate securities at such time and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment.

(3)Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation
Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

a.the
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero)
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

b.if
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment;

c.the
spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent giving due consideration
to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the
then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate securities at such
time.

(4)Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational
changes (including changes to the definition of interest period, timing and frequency of determining rates with
respect to each interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that
the Calculation Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent
with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively
feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner
as the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary).

(5)Benchmark
Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

a.in
the case of clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the relevant Reference Time in respect
of any determination; or

b.in
the case of clause (b) or (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or

6

c.in
the case of clause (d) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or
publication of information referenced therein.

For the avoidance of doubt,
for purposes of the definitions of Benchmark Replacement Date and Benchmark Transition Event, references to the Benchmark also include
any reference rate underlying the Benchmark (for example, if the Benchmark becomes Compounded SOFR, references to the Benchmark would
include SOFR).

For the avoidance of doubt,
if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect
of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination.

(6)Benchmark
Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

a.if
the Benchmark is Three-Month Term SOFR, (i) the Relevant Governmental Body has not selected or recommended a forward-looking term
rate for a tenor of three months based on SOFR, (ii) the development of a forward-looking term rate for a tenor of three months
based on SOFR that has been recommended or selected by the Relevant Governmental Body is not complete or (iii) the Company determined
that use of a forward-looking rate for a tenor of three months based on SOFR is not administratively feasible;

b.a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that such administrator
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication,
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark;

c.a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank
for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution authority
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over
the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will
continue to provide the Benchmark; or

d.a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the
Benchmark is no longer representative.

(7)Business
Day means any day that is not a Saturday or Sunday and that is not a day on which banks in the State of Ohio are generally
authorized or required by law or executive order to be closed.

(8)Calculation
Agent means the agent (which may be the Company or an affiliate of the Company) as may be appointed by the Company to act
as Calculation Agent for the Subordinated Notes prior to the commencement of the Floating Rate Period to act in accordance with Section 2.

7

(9)Compounded
SOFR means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this
rate, and conventions for this rate being established by the Calculation Agent in accordance with:

a.the
rate, or methodology for this rate and conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining
compounded SOFR; provided that:

b.if,
and to the extent that, the Calculation Agent determines that Compounded SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with clause (a) above,
then the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that have been selected by the Calculation Agent giving due
consideration to any industry-accepted market practice for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate securities at such time.

For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of
Compounded SOFR will exclude the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the spread specified on the face hereof.

(10)Corresponding
Tenor with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding
Business Day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark.

(11)FRBNY
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

(12)FRBNYs
Website means the website of the FRBNY at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

(13)Interpolated
Benchmark with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear
basis between: (1) the Benchmark for the longest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding
Tenor and (2) the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is longer than the Corresponding
Tenor.

(14)ISDA
means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto.

(15)ISDA
Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the ISDA or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from
time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time.

(16)ISDA
Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark
for the applicable tenor.

(17)ISDA
Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective
upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback
Adjustment.

(18)Reference
Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (a) if the Benchmark is Three-Month Term SOFR, the time
determined by the Calculation Agent after giving effect to the Three-Month Term SOFR Conventions, and (b) if the Benchmark is not
Three-Month Term SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.

8

(19)Relevant
Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve) and/or
the FRBNY, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve and/or the FRBNY or any successor thereto.

(20)SOFR
means the daily secured overnight financing rate published by the FRBNY, as the administrator of the Benchmark, (or a successor administrator)
on the FRBNYs Website (or such successors website).

(21)Term
SOFR means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended
by the Relevant Governmental Body.

(22)Term
SOFR Administrator means any entity designated by the Relevant Governmental Body as the administrator of Term SOFR (or successor
administrator).

(23)Three-Month
Term SOFR means the rate for Term SOFR for a tenor of three months that is published by the Term SOFR Administrator at the
Reference Time for any interest period, as determined by the Calculation Agent after giving effect to the Three-Month Term SOFR Conventions.
All percentages used in or resulting from any calculation of Three-Month Term SOFR shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one-hundred-thousandth of
a percentage point, with 0.000005% rounded up to 0.00001%.

(24)Three-Month
Term SOFR Conventions means any determination, decision or election with respect to any technical, administrative or operational
matter (including with respect to the manner and timing of the publication of Three-Month Term SOFR, or changes to the definition of
Floating Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining Three-Month Term SOFR with respect to each Floating Interest
Period and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides
may be appropriate to reflect the use of Three-Month Term SOFR as the Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent with market practice
(or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the
Calculation Agent determines that no market practice for the use of Three-Month Term SOFR exists, in such other manner as the Calculation
Agent determines is reasonably necessary).

(25)Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

3.Subordination.

(a)The
indebtedness of the Company evidenced by this Subordinated Note, including the principal and interest on this Subordinated Note, shall
be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all existing claims of creditors of the Company whether
now outstanding or subsequently created, assumed, guaranteed or incurred (collectively, Senior Indebtedness), which
shall consist of principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, if any, on: (i) all indebtedness and obligations of, or guaranteed
or assumed by, the Company for money borrowed, whether or not evidenced by bonds, debentures, securities, notes or other similar instruments,
and including, but not limited to, and all obligations to the Companys general creditors and secured creditors; (ii) any
deferred obligations of the Company for the payment of the purchase price of property or assets acquired other than in the ordinary course
of business; (iii) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of the Company in respect of any letters of credit, bankers
acceptances, security purchase facilities and similar direct credit substitutes; (iv) any capital lease obligations of the Company;
(v) all obligations of the Company in respect of interest rate swap, cap or other agreements, interest rate future or option contracts,
currency swap agreements, currency future or option contracts, commodity contracts and other similar arrangements or derivative products;
(vi) any obligation of the Company to its general creditors, as defined for purposes of the capital adequacy regulations of the
Federal Reserve applicable to the Company, as the same may be amended or modified from time to time; (vii) all obligations that
are similar to those in clauses (i) through (v) of other persons for the payment of which the Company is responsible or liable
as obligor, guarantor or otherwise arising from an off-balance sheet guarantee; (vii) all obligations of the types referred to
in clauses (i) through (vi) of other persons secured by a lien on any property or asset of the Company, and (viii) in
the case of clauses (i) through (viii) above, all amendments, renewals, extensions, modifications and refundings of such
indebtedness and obligations; except Senior Indebtedness does not include (A) the Subordinated Notes, (B) any
obligation that by its terms expressly is junior to, or ranks equally in right of payment with, the Subordinated Notes, (C) the
existing subordinated promissory notes of the Company as of the Issue Date to which this Subordinated Note shall be senior, or (D) any
indebtedness between the Company and any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates. This Subordinated Note is not secured by any assets of the
Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company. The term Affiliate(s) means, with respect to any Person (as
such term is defined in the Purchase Agreement or the Exchange Agreement, as applicable), such Persons immediate family members,
partners, members or parent and subsidiary corporations, and any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under
common control with said Person and their respective Affiliates.

9

(b)In
the event of any liquidation of the Company, holders of Senior Indebtedness of the Company shall be entitled to be paid in full with
such interest as may be provided by law before any payment shall be made on account of principal of or interest on this Subordinated
Note. Additionally, in the event of any insolvency, dissolution, assignment for the benefit of creditors or any liquidation or winding
up of or relating to the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of Senior Indebtedness shall be entitled to be paid in full
before any payment shall be made on account of the principal of or interest on the Subordinated Notes, including this Subordinated Note.
In the event of any such proceeding, after payment in full of all sums owing with respect to the Senior Indebtedness, the registered
holders of the Subordinated Notes from time to time (each, a Noteholder and, collectively, the Noteholders),
together with the holders of any obligations of the Company ranking on a parity with the Subordinated Notes, shall be entitled to be
paid from the remaining assets of the Company the unpaid principal thereof, and the unpaid interest thereon before any payment or other
distribution, whether in cash, property or otherwise, shall be made (i) with respect to any obligation that by its terms expressly
is junior to in the right of payment to the Subordinated Notes, (ii) with respect to the existing subordinated promissory notes
of the Company as of the Issue Date to which this Subordinated Note shall be senior, (iii) with respect to any indebtedness between
the Company and any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates or (iv) on account of any capital stock.

(c)If
there shall have occurred and be continuing (i) a default in any payment with respect to any Senior Indebtedness or (ii) an
event of default with respect to any Senior Indebtedness as a result of which the maturity thereof is accelerated, unless and until such
payment default or event of default shall have been cured or waived or shall have ceased to exist, no payments shall be made by the Company
with respect to the Subordinated Notes, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 17 hereof. The provisions of this subsection
shall not apply to any payment with respect to which Section 3(b) above would be applicable.

(d)Nothing
herein shall act to prohibit, limit or impede the Company from issuing additional debt of the Company having the same rank as the Subordinated
Notes or which may be junior or senior in rank to the Subordinated Notes. Each Noteholder, by its acceptance hereof, agrees to and shall
be bound by the provisions of this Section 3. Each Noteholder, by its acceptance hereof, further acknowledges and agrees
that the foregoing subordination provisions are, and are intended to be, an inducement and a consideration for each holder of any Senior
Indebtedness, whether such Senior Indebtedness was created or acquired before or after the issuance of the Subordinated Notes, to acquire
and continue to hold, or to continue to hold, such Senior Indebtedness, and such holder of Senior Indebtedness shall be deemed conclusively
to have relied on such subordination provisions in acquiring and continuing to hold or in continuing to hold such Senior Indebtedness.

10

4.Redemption.

(a)Redemption
Prior to Fifth Anniversary. This Subordinated Note shall not be redeemable by the Company in whole or in part prior to the fifth
(5th) anniversary of the date upon which this Subordinated Note was originally issued (the Issue Date),
except in the event of: (i) a Tier 2 Capital Event (as defined below), (ii) a Tax Event (as defined below) or (iii) an
Investment Company Event (as defined below). Upon the occurrence of a Tier 2 Capital Event, a Tax Event or an Investment Company Event,
subject to Section 4(f) below, the Company may redeem this Subordinated Note in whole or in part at any time, upon
giving not less than ten (10) calendar days notice to the Noteholder of this Subordinated Note at an amount equal to one
hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding principal amount being redeemed plus accrued but unpaid interest, to but excluding the redemption
date. Tier 2 Capital Event means the receipt by the Company of an opinion of counsel to the Company to the effect
that there is a material risk that the Subordinated Note no longer qualifies as Tier 2 Capital (as defined by the Federal
Reserve) (or its then equivalent) as a result of a change in interpretation or application of law or regulation by any judicial, legislative
or regulatory authority that becomes effective after the date of Issue Date. Tax Event means the receipt by the
Company of an opinion of counsel to the Company that as a result of any amendment to, or change (including any final and adopted (or
enacted) prospective change) in, the laws (or any regulations thereunder) of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing
authority thereof or therein, or as a result of any official administrative pronouncement or judicial decision interpreting or applying
such laws or regulations, there is a material risk that interest payable by the Company on the Subordinated Notes is not, or within one
hundred and twenty (120) calendar days after the receipt of such opinion will not be, deductible by the Company, in whole or in part,
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Investment Company Event means the receipt by the Company of an opinion of
counsel to the Company to the effect that there is a material risk that the Company is or, within one hundred and twenty (120) calendar
days after the receipt of such opinion will be, required to register as an investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended.

(b)Redemption
on or after Fifth Anniversary. On or after the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, subject to Section 4(f) below,
this Subordinated Note shall be redeemable at the option of and by the Company, in whole or in part at any time and from time to time
upon any Interest Payment Date, at an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding principal amount being redeemed plus
accrued but unpaid interest, to but excluding the redemption date, but in all cases in a principal amount with integral multiples of
$1,000. In addition, the Company may redeem all or a portion of the Subordinated Notes, at any time upon the occurrence of a Tier 2 Capital
Event, Tax Event or an Investment Company Event. The redemption referred to in this Section 4 shall be subject to any required
regulatory approvals.

(c)Partial
Redemption. If less than the then outstanding principal amount of this Subordinated Note is redeemed, (i) a new Subordinated
Note shall be issued representing the unredeemed portion without charge to the holder thereof and (ii) such redemption shall be
effected on a pro rata basis as to the Noteholders. For purposes of clarity, upon a partial redemption, a like percentage of the principal
amount of every Subordinated Note held by every Noteholder shall be redeemed. Such redemptions shall be made on a pro rata pass-through
distribution of principal among all of the Subordinated Notes outstanding at the time thereof.

11

(d)No
Redemption at Option of Noteholder. This Subordinated Note is not subject to redemption at the option of the holder of this Subordinated
Note.

(e)Effectiveness
of Redemption. If notice of redemption has been duly given and notwithstanding that this Subordinated Note has been called for redemption
but has not yet been surrendered for cancellation, on and after the date fixed for redemption interest shall cease to accrue on the portion
of this Subordinated Note called for redemption, this Subordinated Note shall no longer be deemed outstanding with respect to the portion
called for redemption and all rights with respect to the portion of this Subordinated Note called for redemption shall forthwith on such
date fixed for redemption cease and terminate unless the Company shall default in the payment of the redemption price, except only the
right of the Noteholder to receive the amount payable on such redemption, without interest.

(f)Regulatory
Approvals. Any such redemption shall be subject to receipt of any and all required federal and state regulatory approvals, including,
but not limited to, the consent of the Federal Reserve. In the case of any redemption of this Subordinated Note pursuant to subsection
(b) or (c) of this Section 4, the Company will give the Noteholder notice of redemption, which notice shall
indicate the aggregate principal amount of Subordinated Notes to be redeemed, not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45)
calendar days prior to the proposed redemption date.

(g)Purchase
and Resale of the Subordinated Notes. Subject to any required federal and state regulatory approvals and the provisions of this Subordinated
Note, the Company shall have the right to purchase any of the Subordinated Notes at any time in the open market, private transactions
or otherwise. If the Company purchases any Subordinated Notes, it may, in its discretion, hold, resell or cancel any of the purchased
Subordinated Notes.

5.Events
of Default; Acceleration. Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default:

(a)the
entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case
or proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization law, now or hereafter in effect of the United States or
any political subdivision thereof, and such decree or order will have continued unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive
calendar days;

(b)the
commencement by the Company of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization law, now or hereafter in
effect of the United States or any political subdivision thereof, or the consent by the Company to the entry of a decree or order for
relief in an involuntary case or proceeding under any such law;

(c)the
Company (i) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they mature, (ii) makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors,
(iii) admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature, or (iv) ceases to be a bank holding company or financial
holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended;

(d)the
failure of the Company to pay any installment of interest on any of the Subordinated Notes as and when the same will become due and payable,
and the continuation of such failure for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive calendar days;

12

(e)the
failure of the Company to pay all or any part of the principal of any of the Subordinated Notes as and when the same will become due
and payable;

(f)the
liquidation of the Company (for the avoidance of doubt, liquidation does not include any merger, consolidation, sale of
equity or assets or reorganization (exclusive of a reorganization in bankruptcy) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries);

(g)the
failure of the Company to perform any other covenant or agreement on the part of the Company contained in the Subordinated Notes, and
the continuation of such failure for a period of thirty (30) consecutive calendar days after the date on which notice specifying such
failure, stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder and demanding that the Company remedy the same, will
have been given, in the manner set forth in Section 21, to the Company by a Noteholder; or

(h)the
default by the Company under any bond, debenture, note or other evidence of indebtedness for money borrowed by the Company having an
aggregate principal amount outstanding of at least $2,000,000, whether such indebtedness now exists or is created or incurred in the
future, which default (i) constitutes a failure to pay any portion of the principal of such indebtedness when due and payable after
the expiration of any applicable grace period or (ii) results in such indebtedness becoming due or being declared due and payable
prior to the date on which it otherwise would have become due and payable without, in the case of clause (i), such indebtedness having
been discharged or, in the case of clause (ii), without such indebtedness having been discharged or such acceleration having been rescinded
or annulled.

Unless the principal of this Subordinated Note
already shall have become due and payable, if an Event of Default described in Section 5(a) or Section 5(b) shall
have occurred and be continuing, the holder of this Subordinated Note, by notice in writing to Company, may declare the principal amount
of this Subordinated Note to be due and payable immediately and, upon any such declaration, the same shall become and shall be immediately
due and payable. The Company waives demand, presentment for payment, notice of nonpayment, notice of protest, and all other notices.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, because the Company will treat the Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital, upon the occurrence of an Event
of Default other than an Event of Default described in Section 5(a) or Section 5(b), the Noteholders
may not accelerate the Stated Maturity of the Subordinated Notes and make the principal of, and any accrued and unpaid interest on, the
Subordinated Notes, immediately due and payable. The Company, within forty-five (45) calendar days after the receipt of written notice
from any Noteholder of the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to this Subordinated Note, shall mail to all Noteholders, at
their addresses shown on the Security Register (as defined in Section 13 below), such written notice of Event of Default.

6.Failure
to Make Payments. In the event of any failure by the Company to make any required payment of principal or interest on this Subordinated
Note (and in the case of payment of interest, such failure to pay shall have continued for thirty (30) calendar days), the Company will,
upon demand of the Noteholder of this Subordinated Note, pay to the Noteholder of this Subordinated Note the amount then due and payable
on this Subordinated Note for principal and interest (without acceleration of the Note in any manner), with interest on the overdue principal
and interest at the rate borne by this Subordinated Note, to the extent permitted by applicable law. If the Company fails to pay such
amount upon such demand, the Noteholder of this Subordinated Note may, among other things, institute a judicial proceeding for the collection
of the sums so due and unpaid, may prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decree and may enforce the same against the Company
and collect the amounts adjudged or decreed to be payable in the manner provided by law out of the property of the Company.

13

Upon the occurrence of a
failure by the Company to make any required payment of principal or interest on this Subordinated Note, or an Event of Default until
such Event of Default is cured by the Company, the Company shall not, except as required by any federal or state governmental agency:
(a) declare or pay any dividends or distributions on, or redeem, purchase, acquire, or make a liquidation payment with respect
to, any of the Companys capital stock; (b) make any payment of principal of or interest or premium, if any, on or repay,
repurchase or redeem any indebtedness of the Company that ranks equal with or junior to the Subordinated Notes; or (c) make any
payments under any guarantee that ranks equal with or junior to the Subordinated Notes, other than (i) any dividends or distributions
in shares of, or options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or purchase shares of, any class of the Companys common stock; (ii) any
declaration of a non-cash dividend in connection with the implementation of a shareholders rights plan, or the issuance of stock
under any such plan in the future, or the redemption or repurchase of any such rights pursuant thereto; (iii) as a result of a
reclassification of the Companys capital stock or the exchange or conversion of one class or series of the Companys capital
stock for another class or series of the Companys capital stock; (iv) the purchase of fractional interests in shares of
the Companys capital stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of such capital stock or the security being converted
or exchanged; or (v) purchases of any class of the Companys common stock related to the issuance of common stock or rights
under any benefit plans for the Companys directors, officers or employees or any of the Companys dividend reinvestment
plans.

7.Affirmative
Covenants of the Company.

(a)Notice
of Certain Events. To the extent permitted by applicable statute, rule or regulation, the Company shall provide written notice
to the Noteholder of the occurrence of any of the following events as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) Business
Days following the Company becoming aware of the occurrence of such event:

(i)the
total risk-based capital ratio, Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio or leverage ratio of the
Company (but only to the extent the Company is required to measure and report such ratios on a consolidated basis under applicable law)
or any of the Companys banking subsidiaries becomes less than ten percent (10.0%), eight percent (8.0%), six and one-half percent
(6.50%) or five percent (5.0%), respectively;

(ii)the
Company, or any officer of the Company, becomes subject to any formal, written regulatory enforcement action (as defined by the applicable
regulatory agency);

(iii)the
dollar amount of any nonperforming assets of the Company on a consolidated basis as of the end of a given fiscal quarter as a percentage
of the Companys total loan portfolio increases by one percent (1.00%) or more from the end of the preceding fiscal quarter;

(iv)the
appointment, resignation, removal or termination of the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, Chief Credit Officer, Chief Lending Officer or any director of the Company; or

(v)there
is a change in ownership of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote for the election
of directors.

(b)Payment
of Principal and Interest. The Company covenants and agrees for the benefit of the Noteholder of this Subordinated Note that it will
duly and punctually pay the principal of, and interest on, this Subordinated Note, in accordance with the terms hereof.

(c)Maintenance
of Office. The Company will maintain an office or agency in the city of Whitehall, Ohio where Subordinated Notes may be surrendered
for registration of transfer or for exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Subordinated Notes
may be served. The Company may also from time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies where the Subordinated Notes may
be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided that no
such designation or rescission will in any manner relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in the city of
Whitehall, Ohio. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Noteholders of any such designation or rescission and of any change
in the location of any such other office or agency.

14

(d)Corporate
Existence. The Company will do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect: (i) the
corporate existence of the Company; (ii) the existence (corporate or other) of each subsidiary; and (iii) the rights (charter
and statutory), licenses and franchises of the Company and each of its subsidiaries; provided, however, that the Company
will not be required to preserve the existence (corporate or other) of any of its subsidiaries or any such right, license or franchise
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries if the Board of Directors of the Company determines that the preservation thereof is no longer
desirable in the conduct of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole and that the loss thereof will not be disadvantageous
in any material respect to the Noteholders.

(e)Maintenance
of Properties. The Company will, and will cause each of its subsidiaries to, cause all its properties used or useful in the conduct
of its business to be maintained and kept in good condition, repair and working order and supplied with all necessary equipment and will
cause to be made all necessary repairs, renewals, replacements, betterments and improvements thereof, all as in the judgment of the Company
may be necessary so that the business carried on in connection therewith may be properly and advantageously conducted at all times; provided,
however, that nothing in this Section 7 will prevent the Company or any subsidiary from discontinuing the operation
and maintenance of any of their respective properties if such discontinuance is, in the judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company
or of any subsidiary, as the case may be, desirable in the conduct of its business.

(f)Compliance
Certificate. The Company will deliver to the Noteholders, within one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days after the end of each
fiscal year, an Officers Certificate covering the preceding calendar year, stating whether or not, to the best of his or her knowledge,
the Company is in default in the performance and observance of any of the terms, provisions and conditions of this Subordinated Note
(without regard to notice requirements or periods of grace) and if the Company will be in default, specifying all such defaults and the
nature and status thereof of which he or she may have knowledge.

(g)Tier
2 Capital. Whether or not the Company is subject to consolidated capital requirements under applicable regulations of the Federal
Reserve, if all or any portion of the Subordinated Notes ceases to qualify as Tier 2 Capital, other than due to the limitation imposed
on the capital treatment of subordinated debt during the five (5) years immediately preceding the Stated Maturity of the Subordinated
Notes, the Company will promptly notify the Noteholder and thereafter, subject to the Companys right to redeem the Subordinated
Notes under such circumstances pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Notes, if requested by the Company, the Company and the Noteholder
will work together in good faith to execute and deliver all agreements as reasonably necessary in order to restructure the applicable
portions of the obligations evidenced by the Subordinated Notes to qualify as Tier 2 Capital; provided, however, that nothing
contained in this Section 7(g) shall limit the Companys right to redeem the Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence
of a Tier 2 Capital Event pursuant to Section 4(a) or Section 4(b).

(h)Compliance
with Laws. The Company shall comply with the requirements of all laws, regulations, orders and decrees applicable to it or its properties,
except for such noncompliance that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as such term is defined in the
Purchase Agreement or the Exchange Agreement, as applicable) on the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.

15

(i)Taxes
and Assessments. The Company shall punctually pay and discharge all material taxes, assessments, and other governmental charges or
levies imposed upon it or upon its income or upon any of its properties; provided that no such taxes, assessments or other governmental
charges need be paid if they are being contested in good faith by the Company.

(j)Financial
Statements; Access to Records.

(i)Not
later than forty-five (45) calendar days following the end of each fiscal quarter for which the Company has not submitted a Consolidated
Financial Statements for Holding Companies Reporting Form FR Y-9C to the Federal Reserve, upon request, the Company shall provide
the Noteholder with a copy of the Companys unaudited parent company only balance sheet and statement of income (loss) for and
as of the end of such immediately preceding fiscal quarter, prepared in accordance with past practice. Quarterly financial statements,
if required herein, shall be unaudited and need not comply with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).

(ii)Not
later than one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days from the end of each fiscal year, upon request the Company shall provide the Noteholder
with copies of the Companys audited financial statements consisting of the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of the
fiscal year end and the related statements of income (loss) and retained earnings, stockholders equity and cash flows for the
fiscal year then ended. Such financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout
the period involved.

8.Negative
Covenants of the Company.

(a)Limitation
on Dividends. The Company shall not declare or pay any dividend or make any distribution on capital stock or other equity securities
of any kind of the Company if the Company is not well capitalized for regulatory capital purposes under Section 225.2(r) of
Regulation Y immediately prior to the declaration of such dividend or distribution, except for dividends payable solely in shares of
common stock of the Company.

(b)Merger
or Sale of Assets. The Company shall not merge into another entity, effect a Change in Bank Control (as defined below), or convey,
transfer or lease substantially all of its properties and assets to any person, unless:

(i)the
continuing entity into which the Company is merged or the person which acquires by conveyance or transfer or which leases substantially
all of the properties and assets of the Company shall be a corporation, association or other legal entity organized and existing under
the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia and expressly assumes the due and punctual payment
of the principal of and any premium and interest on the Subordinated Notes according to their terms, and the due and punctual performance
of all covenants and conditions hereof on the part of the Company to be performed or observed; and

(ii)immediately
after giving effect to such transaction, no Event of Default, and no event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become
an Event of Default, shall have happened and be continuing.

Change in Bank Control means the sale, transfer,
lease or conveyance by the Company, or an issuance of stock by the Companys wholly-owned subsidiary, Heartland Bank (the Bank),
in either case resulting in ownership by the Company of less than eighty percent (80%) of the Bank.

16

9.Denominations.
The Subordinated Notes are issuable only in registered form without interest coupons in minimum denominations of $1,000 and integral
multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

10.Charges
and Transfer Taxes. No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Subordinated Note, or any
redemption or repayment of this Subordinated Note, or any conversion or exchange of this Subordinated Note for other types of securities
or property, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to pay all taxes, assessments or other governmental charges that
may be imposed in connection with the transfer or exchange of this Subordinated Note from the Noteholder requesting such transfer or
exchange.

11.Payment
Procedures. Payment of the principal and interest payable on the Stated Maturity will be made by check, by wire transfer or by Automated
Clearing House (ACH) transfer in immediately available funds to a bank account in the United States designated by the Noteholder of this
Subordinated Note if such Noteholder shall have previously provided wire instructions to the Company, upon presentation and surrender
of this Subordinated Note at the Payment Office (as defined herein) or at such other place or places as the Company shall designate by
notice to the Noteholders as the Payment Office, provided that this Subordinated Note is presented to the Company in time for
the Company to make such payments in such funds in accordance with its normal procedures. Payments of interest (other than interest payable
on the Stated Maturity) shall be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds or check mailed to the registered Noteholder of
this Subordinated Note, as such persons address appears on the Security Register (as defined herein). Interest payable on any
Interest Payment Date shall be payable to the Noteholder in whose name this Subordinated Note is registered at the close of business
on the fifteenth calendar day prior to the applicable Interest Payment Date, without regard to whether such date is a Business Day, except
that interest not paid on the Interest Payment Date, if any, will be paid to the Noteholder in whose name this Subordinated Note is registered
at the close of business on a special record date fixed by the Company (a Special Record Date), notice of which
shall be given to the Noteholder of this Subordinated Note not less than ten (10) calendar days prior to such Special Record Date.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, interest shall accrue, at the rate at which interest accrues on the principal of this Subordinated
Note, on any amount of principal or interest on this Subordinated Note not paid when due. All payments on this Subordinated Note shall
be applied first against interest due hereunder; and then against principal due hereunder. The Noteholder of this Subordinated Note acknowledges
and agrees that the payment of all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Subordinated Note and all interest hereon
shall be pari passu in right of payment and in all other respects to the other Subordinated Notes. In the event that the Noteholder
of this Subordinated Note receives payments in excess of its pro rata share of the Companys payments to the Noteholders of all
of the Subordinated Notes, then the Noteholder of this Subordinated Note shall hold in trust all such excess payments for the benefit
of the Noteholders of the other Subordinated Notes and shall pay such amounts held in trust to such other Noteholders upon demand by
such Noteholders.

12.Form of
Payment. Payments of principal and interest on this Subordinated Note shall be made in such coin or currency of the United States
of America as at the time of payment shall be legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.

13.Registration
of Transfer, Security Register. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Subordinated Note is transferable in whole or in part,
and may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal amount of Subordinated Notes of other authorized denominations, by the Noteholder
of this Subordinated Note in person, or by its attorney duly authorized in writing, at the Payment Office. The Company shall maintain
a register providing for the registration of the Subordinated Notes and any exchange or transfer thereof (the Security Register).
Upon surrender or presentation of this Subordinated Note for exchange or registration of transfer, the Company shall execute and deliver
in exchange therefor a Subordinated Note or Subordinated Notes of like aggregate principal amount, each in a minimum denomination of
$1,000 or any amount in excess thereof which is an integral multiple of $1,000 (and, in the absence of an opinion of counsel satisfactory
to the Company to the contrary, bearing the restrictive legend(s) set forth hereinabove) and that is or are registered in such
name or names requested by the Noteholder. Any Subordinated Note presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange
shall be duly endorsed and accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in such form as is attached hereto and incorporated herein,
duly executed by the Noteholder of this Subordinated Note or its attorney duly authorized in writing, with such tax identification number
or other information for each person in whose name a Subordinated Note is to be issued, and accompanied by evidence of compliance with
any restrictive legend(s) appearing on such Subordinated Note or Subordinated Notes as the Company may reasonably request to comply
with applicable law. No exchange or registration of transfer of this Subordinated Note shall be made on or after (i) the fifteenth
(15th) day immediately preceding the Stated Maturity or (ii) the due delivery of notice of redemption.

17

14.Priority.
The Subordinated Notes rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu, in the event of any insolvency proceeding, dissolution,
assignment for the benefit of creditors, reorganization, restructuring of debt, marshaling of assets and liabilities or similar proceeding
or any liquidation or winding up of the Company, with all other present or future unsecured subordinated debt obligations of the Company,
except any unsecured subordinated debt that, pursuant to its express terms, is senior or subordinate in right of payment to the Subordinated
Notes and all Senior Indebtedness.

15.Ownership.
Prior to due presentment of this Subordinated Note for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the Noteholder in whose name this
Subordinated Note is registered in the Security Register as the absolute owner of this Subordinated Note for receiving payments of principal
and interest on this Subordinated Note and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not this Subordinated Note be overdue, and the
Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary.

16.Waiver
and Consent.

(a)Any
consent or waiver given by the Noteholder of this Subordinated Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Noteholder and upon all
future Noteholders of this Subordinated Note and of any Subordinated Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange
therefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Subordinated Note. This Subordinated
Note may also be amended or waived pursuant to, and in accordance with, the provisions of Section 7.3 of the Purchase Agreement
or the Exchange Agreement, as applicable. No delay or omission of the holder of this Subordinated Note to exercise any right or remedy
accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence
therein. Any insured depository institution which shall be a holder of this Subordinated Note or which otherwise shall have any beneficial
ownership interest in this Subordinated Note shall, by its acceptance of such Subordinated Note (or beneficial interest therein), be
deemed to have waived any right of offset with respect to the repayment of the indebtedness evidenced thereby.

18

(b)No
waiver or amendment of any term, provision, condition, covenant or agreement in the Subordinated Notes shall be effective except with
the consent of the Noteholders holding not less than more than fifty percent (50%) in aggregate principal amount (excluding any Subordinated
Notes held by the Company or any of its Affiliates) of the Subordinated Notes at the time outstanding; provided, however,
that without the consent of each Noteholder of an affected Subordinated Note, no such amendment or waiver may: (i) reduce the principal
amount of any Subordinated Note; (ii) reduce the rate of or change the time for payment of interest on any Subordinated Note; (iii) extend
the maturity of any Subordinated Note; (iv) change the currency in which payment of the obligations of the Company under the Subordinated
Notes are to be made; (v) lower the percentage of aggregate principal amount of outstanding Subordinated Notes required to approve
any amendment of the Subordinated Notes; (vi) make any changes to Section 5 (Events of Default; Acceleration); Section 6
(Failure to Make Payments); Section 7 (Affirmative Covenants of the Company); or Section 8 (Negative Covenants
of the Company) of the Subordinated Notes that adversely affects the rights of any Noteholder; or (vii) disproportionately affect
any of the Noteholders of the then outstanding Subordinated Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may amend or supplement
the Subordinated Notes without the consent of the Noteholders to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or to provide for uncertificated
Subordinated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Subordinated Notes, or to make any change that does not adversely affect
the rights of any Noteholder of any of the Subordinated Notes. No failure to exercise or delay in exercising, by any Noteholder of the
Subordinated Notes, of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise
of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right or remedy provided
by law, except as restricted hereby. The rights and remedies provided in this Subordinated Note are cumulative and not exclusive of any
right or remedy provided by law or equity. No notice or demand on the Company in any case shall, in itself, entitle the Company to any
other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of the Noteholders to any other
or further action in any circumstances without notice or demand. No consent or waiver, expressed or implied, by the Noteholders to or
of any breach or default by the Company in the performance of its obligations hereunder shall be deemed or construed to be a consent
or waiver to or of any other breach or default in the performance of the same or any other obligations of the Company hereunder. Failure
on the part of the Noteholders to complain of any acts or failure to act or to declare an Event of Default, irrespective of how long
such failure continues, shall not constitute a waiver by the Noteholders of their rights hereunder or impair any rights, powers or remedies
on account of any breach or default by the Company.

17.Absolute
and Unconditional Obligation of the Company. No provisions of this Subordinated Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the
Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal and interest on this Subordinated Note at the times, places and rate,
and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

18.Successors
and Assigns. This Subordinated Note shall be binding upon the Company and inure to the benefit of the Noteholder and its respective
successors and permitted assigns. The Noteholder may assign all, or any part of, or any interest in, the Noteholders rights and
benefits hereunder. To the extent of any such assignment, such assignee shall have the same rights and benefits against the Company and
shall agree to be bound by and to comply with the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement or the Exchange Agreement, as applicable,
as it would have had if it were the Noteholder hereunder.

19.No
Sinking Fund; Convertibility. This Subordinated Note is not entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund. This Subordinated Note is
not convertible into or exchangeable for any of the equity securities, other securities or assets of the Company or any subsidiary.

20.No
Recourse Against Others. No recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement contained in this Subordinated Note, or
for any claim based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof, will be had against any past, present or future shareholder, employee, officer,
or director, as such, of the Company or of any predecessor or successor, either directly or through the Company or any predecessor or
successor, under any rule of law, statute or constitutional provision or by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or
equitable proceeding or otherwise, all such liability being expressly waived and released by the acceptance of this Subordinated Note
by the holder of this Subordinated Note and as part of the consideration for the issuance of this Subordinated Note.

19

21.Notices.
All notices to the Company under this Subordinated Note shall be in writing and be delivered personally, or mailed, postage prepaid,
by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or sent by a responsible overnight commercial courier promising next
business day delivery, to the Company at 430 North Hamilton Road, Whitehall, Ohio 43213, Attention: G. Scott McComb, Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, or to such other address as the Company may provide to the Noteholders (the Payment Office),
or sent by email to the Company at Scott.McComb@heartland.bank. All notices to the Noteholders shall be in writing and shall be mailed,
postage prepaid, by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or sent by email to each Noteholder at such Noteholders
address as set forth in the Security Register. Any notice given in accordance with the foregoing shall be deemed given when delivered
personally or, if mailed, three (3) Business Days after it shall have been deposited in the U.S. mail as aforesaid or, if sent
by overnight courier, the Business Day following the date of delivery to such courier (provided next business day delivery was requested),
or if emailed, upon confirmation of receipt.

22.Further
Issues. The Company may, without the consent of the Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes, create and issue additional notes having
the same terms and conditions of the Subordinated Notes (except for the Issue Date) so that such further notes shall be consolidated
and form a single series with the Subordinated Notes.

23.Governing
Law; Interpretation. THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE WILL BE DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACT MADE UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND WILL
BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF
(OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE IS INTENDED TO MEET THE CRITERIA FOR
QUALIFICATION OF THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AS TIER 2 CAPITAL UNDER THE REGULATORY GUIDELINES OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE, AND THE TERMS HEREOF
SHALL BE INTERPRETED IN A MANNER TO SATISFY SUCH INTENT.

[Signature Page Follows]

20

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has caused this Subordinated Note to be duly executed and attested.

HEARTLAND BANCCORP

By: 

Name:

Title:

ATTEST:

Name: 

Title:

[Signature Page to Subordinated
Note]

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Subordinated Note, fill
in the form below: (I) or (we) assign and transfer this Subordinated Note to:

(Print or type assignees name, address
and zip code)

(Print or type assignees social security
or tax identification no.)

and irrevocably appoint _________________________________
as agent to transfer this Subordinated Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for it.

Date: Your signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the
face of this Subordinated Note)

Tax identification no: 

Signature guarantee: 

(Signatures must be guaranteed by
an eligible guarantor institution (banks, stockbrokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions with membership in an approved
signature guarantee medallion program), pursuant to Rule 17Ad-15 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act).)

The undersigned certifies that it [is / is not]
an Affiliate of the Company and that, to its knowledge, the proposed transferee [is / is not] an Affiliate of the Company.

In connection with any transfer or exchange of
this Subordinated Note occurring prior to the date that is one year after the later of the date of original issuance of this Subordinated
Note and the last date, if any, on which this Subordinated Note was owned by the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, the undersigned
confirms that this Subordinated Note is being:

CHECK ONE BOX BELOW:

(1) acquired for the undersigneds own account, without transfer;

(2) transferred to the Company;

(3) transferred in accordance and in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act;

(4) transferred under an effective registration statement under the Securities Act;

(5) transferred in accordance with and in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act;

(6) transferred to an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under
the Securities Act);

(7) transferred to an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(4) under the Securities Act), not referred
to in item (6) that has been provided with the information designated under Section 4(d) of the Securities Act; or

(8) transferred in accordance with another available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

Unless one of the boxes is checked,
the Company will refuse to register this Subordinated Note in the name of any person other than the registered holder thereof; provided,
however, that if box (5), (6), (7) or (8) is checked, the Company may require, prior to registering any such transfer
of this Subordinated Note, in its sole discretion, such legal opinions, certifications and other information as the Company may reasonably
request to confirm that such transfer is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, such as the exemption provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act.

Assignees signature: 

Signature guarantee: 

(Signatures must be guaranteed by
an eligible guarantor institution (banks, stockbrokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions with membership in an approved
signature guarantee medallion program), pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17Ad-l5).

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF BOX
(1) OR (3) ABOVE IS CHECKED:

The undersigned represents and warrants that
it is purchasing this Subordinated Note for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion
and that it and any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities
Act and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information
regarding the Company as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information
and that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon the undersigneds foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption
from registration provided by Rule 144A.

Date: Assignees signature:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm255296d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

NEWS RELEASE

For additional information, contact:

D.
Neil Dauby,Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Bradley
M. Rust, President and Chief Financial Officer

(812) 482-1314

1
of 3

GERMAN AMERICAN ANNOUNCES COMPLETION OF MERGER WITH HEARTLAND BANCCORP
AND HEARTLAND BANK

JASPER, Ind., February 3, 2025 
German American Bancorp, Inc. (Nasdaq: GABC) announced today that it has completed its merger with Heartland BancCorp, the parent
company of Heartland Bank, effective at 12:01 a.m. (Eastern time) on February 1, 2025. Immediately following completion of
the holding company transaction, Heartland Bank merged with and into German Americans banking subsidiary, German American Bank.

Each Heartland shareholder of record at closing
(other than the Heartland 401(k) Plan) is entitled to receive 3.90 shares of German American common stock (the Exchange Ratio)
for each of their shares of Heartland common stock, subject to their surrender of the old Heartland shares to the exchange agent designated
by German American. Instructions and forms to accomplish that surrender and exchange process are being mailed by the exchange agent to
each of Heartlands shareholders of record as of closing.

The beneficial owners of Heartland shares held
in the Heartland 401(k) Plan are entitled to receive a cash payment equal to $161.19 per share, which is equal to the Exchange Ratio
multiplied by the closing trading price of German Americans common shares on January 31, 2025.

Each option to acquire a share of Heartland common
stock outstanding at the closing of the merger has been cancelled in exchange for the right to receive a cash payment equal to (i) $39.64
per share, which is equal to the Exchange Ratio multiplied by the volume-weighted average price of German Americans common shares
over the ten (10) consecutive trading days ending on January 28, 2025, less (ii) the option exercise price per share,
and less (iii) any applicable withholding taxes.

Giving effect to the merger, the combined organization
will have a community branch network of 94 locations across Indiana, Kentucky and Ohio and would have had approximately $8.3 billion
in total assets as of December 31, 2024.

We expect this strategic transaction will
be accretive to German Americans earnings per share during the twelve months following completion of the transaction with a relatively
quick tangible book value earn back period, stated D. Neil Dauby, Chairman and CEO of German American. We also expect our
pro forma capital ratios will continue to exceed regulatory well-capitalized levels providing ongoing financial strength and future growth
opportunities.

Dauby continued, This strategic partnership
will bring together two high-performing, community-oriented organizations and expand German Americans footprint into Columbus
and Cincinnati, Ohio, two of the most vibrant and fastest-growing markets in the Midwest. We share the same culture and commitment to
serving our customers and our communities with a relationship-based approach. We are excited to welcome the Heartland customers, employees,
communities and shareholders to the German American family.

NEWS RELEASE

2
of 3

As contemplated by the terms of the merger agreement,
G. Scott McComb, Heartlands Chairman, President and CEO, and Ronnie R. Stokes, another Heartland board member, have been appointed
to the German American Bancorp and German American Bank boards of directors, effective February 1, 2025.

Many members of the Heartland Executive and senior
teams will continue to serve the combined organization as regional management to provide local leadership and decision making while the
customer/client focused Heartland banking and wealth management teams will continue to serve the financial and investment needs of individuals
and businesses throughout the Greater Columbus and Cincinnati communities.

Commenting on the merger, Mr. McComb stated,
This strategic partnership with a like-minded, larger community bank will enable us to continue our strong brand and growth trajectory
within the markets we serve. It will also allow us to deepen and broaden our current and prospective customer relationships with enhanced
financial service offerings. Strategically and culturally, Heartland and German American are exceptionally well aligned with a strong
commitment to the community banking business model. That model, centered on delivering an exceptional customer experience and a willingness
to invest in local communities, which Ohio has come to know and love from Heartland, will continue to propel the combined organizations
success.

Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.,
A Stifel Company served as financial advisor on the transaction to German American and Dentons Bingham Greenebaum LLP served as
legal counsel.

Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
served as the financial advisor on the transaction to Heartland and Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP served as legal counsel.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements
made pursuant to the safe-harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements
can often, but not always, be identified by the use of words like believe, continue, pattern,
estimate, project, intend, anticipate, expect and similar expressions
or future or conditional verbs such as will, would, should, could, might,
can, may, or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
relating to the expected benefits of the merger (the Merger) between German American Bancorp, Inc. (German
American) and Heartland BancCorp (Heartland), including future financial and operating results, cost savings, enhanced
revenues, and accretion/dilution to reported earnings that may be realized from the Merger, as well as other statements of expectations
regarding the Merger, and other statements of German Americans goals, intentions and expectations; statements regarding German
Americans business plan and growth strategies; statements regarding the asset quality of German Americans loan and investment
portfolios; and estimates of German Americans risks and future costs and benefits, whether with respect to the Merger or otherwise.

NEWS RELEASE

3of 3

These forward-looking statements are subject
to significant risks, assumptions and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in forward-looking
statements, including, among other things: the risk that the businesses of German American and Heartland will not be integrated successfully
or such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming, or costly than expected; expected revenue synergies and cost savings from
the Merger may not be fully realized or realized within the expected time frame; revenues following the Merger may be lower than expected;
customer and employee relationships and business operations may be disrupted by the Merger; the ability of German American to complete
integration and attract new customers; possible changes in economic and business conditions; the impacts of epidemics, pandemics or other
infectious disease outbreaks; the existence or exacerbation of general geopolitical instability and uncertainty; possible changes in
monetary and fiscal policies, and laws and regulations; possible changes in the creditworthiness of customers and the possible impairment
of collectability of loans; fluctuations in market rates of interest; competitive factors in the banking industry; changes in the banking
legislation or regulatory requirements of federal and state agencies applicable to bank holding companies and banks like German Americans
affiliate bank; continued availability of earnings and excess capital sufficient for the lawful and prudent declaration of dividends;
changes in market, economic, operational, liquidity, credit, and interest rate risks associated with German Americans business;
and other risks and factors identified in German Americans cautionary language included under the headings Forward-Looking
Statements and Associated Risk and Risk Factors in German Americans Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2023, and other documents subsequently filed by German American with the SEC. German American does not undertake
any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, relating to the matters discussed in this press release.
In addition, German Americans past results of operations do not necessarily indicate its anticipated future results.

About German American

German American Bancorp, Inc.
(Nasdaq: GABC) is a financial holding company based in Jasper, Indiana. German American, through its banking subsidiary German American
Bank, operates 94 banking offices located throughout Indiana (central/southern), Kentucky (northern/central/western), and Ohio (central/
southwest). In Columbus, Ohio and Greater Cincinnati, the Company does business as Heartland Bank, a Division of German American Bank.
The Company also owns an investment brokerage subsidiary, German American Investment Services, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>gabc-20250201.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>gabc-20250201_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gabc-20250201_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 01, 2025

Entity File Number 001-15877

Entity Registrant Name GERMAN AMERICAN BANCORP, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000714395

Entity Tax Identification Number 35-1547518

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code IN

Entity Address, Address Line One 711 Main Street

Entity Address, City or Town Jasper

Entity Address, State or Province IN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 47546

City Area Code 812

Local Phone Number 482-1314

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, no par value

Trading Symbol GABC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://germanamerican.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

gabc-20250201.xsd 
gabc-20250201_lab.xml 
gabc-20250201_pre.xml 
tm255296d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-008508-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm255296d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000714395 

2025-02-01 
2025-02-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000714395 
8-K 
2025-02-01 
GERMAN AMERICAN BANCORP, INC. 
IN 
001-15877 
35-1547518 
711 Main Street 
Jasper 
IN 
47546 
812 
482-1314 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, no par value 
GABC 
NASDAQ
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>