<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-25-002507.txt : 20250326
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-25-002507.hdr.sgml : 20250326
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250326102323
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-25-002507
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250325
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INSPIRE VETERINARY PARTNERS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001939365
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE SERVICES [0700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				854359258
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41792
		FILM NUMBER:		25770591

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		780 LYNNHAVEN PKWY #400
		CITY:			VIRGINIA BEACH
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23452
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(757) 288-3088

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		780 LYNNHAVEN PKWY #400
		CITY:			VIRGINIA BEACH
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23452
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0235564-8k_inspire.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000193936500019393652025-03-252025-03-25iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 25, 2025

INSPIRE VETERINARY PARTNERS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-41792 85-4359258

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

of incorporation) Identification No.)

780 Lynnhaven Parkway, Suite 400

Virginia Beach, VA 23452

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (757) 734-5464

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material
pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 IVP Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On March 25, 2025, Inspire Veterinary Partners
(the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with an institutional
investor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the investor in a registered direct offering (the Offering)
207,896 shares (the Shares) of Class A Common Stock (the Common Stock), pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded
Warrants) to purchase up to 885,000 shares of Common Stock, five-year warrants (the Series A Warrants) to purchase
up to 1,092,896 shares of Common Stock and eighteen-month warrants (the Series B Warrants and, together with the Series
A Warrants, the Common Warrants) to purchase up to 1,092,896 shares of Common Stock. The Offering is expected to close on
March 26, 2025 subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Each Share (or Pre-Funded Warrant in lieu thereof)
was sold together with one Series A Warrant and one Series B Warrant. The public offering price was $1.83 per Share (or Pre-Funded Warrant
in lieu thereof) and accompanying Common Warrants. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable immediately, may be exercised at any time until
exercised in full, and have an exercise price of $0.0001. A holder of the Pre-Funded Warrants will not have the right to exercise any
portion of the Pre-Funded Warrants if the holder, together with its affiliates and certain related parties, would beneficially own in
excess of 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise, which percentage
may be increased or decreased at the holders election upon 61 days notice to the Company subject to the terms of such warrants,
provided that such percentage may in no event exceed 9.99%.

Each Common Warrant has an exercise price per
share of $1.83 and will be exercisable beginning on the effective date of stockholder approval of the issuance of the shares upon exercise
of the Common Warrants (Stockholder Approval Date). The Series A Warrants will expire on the five year anniversary of the
Stockholder Approval Date. The Series B Warrants will expire on the eighteen month anniversary of the Stockholder Approval Date. Under
the terms of the Common Warrants, a holder will not be entitled to exercise any portion of any such warrant, if, upon giving effect to
such exercise, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the holder (together with its affiliates and certain
related parties) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to such exercise, which percentage may be increased at the holders election upon 61 days notice to the Company subject
to the terms of such warrants, provided that such percentage may in no event exceed 9.99%.

Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement,
from March 25, 2025, until 90 days of the closing date of the Offering, subject to certain exceptions, the Company may not issue, enter
into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or common stock equivalents, or
file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement thereto, other than a prospectus supplement for the Offering. The
Company is required to seek stockholder approval for the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants
within 75 days of March 25, 2025. If the Company does not obtain such stockholder approval at the first stockholder meeting for
such purpose, the Company shall call a stockholder meeting every 90 days thereafter until the date it obtains such approval.

The Offering is being made pursuant to the Companys
effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282355), which was declared effective by the Securities and
Exchange Commission on October 11, 2024.

1

On March 25, 2025, the Company also entered into
a placement agent agreement (the Placement Agreement) with D. Boral Capital LLC, as the placement agent (the Placement
Agent), in connection with the Offering. Pursuant to the terms of the Placement Agreement, the Placement Agent agreed to use reasonable
best efforts to arrange for the sale of the Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants and Common Warrants. Pursuant to the terms of the Placement Agreement,
the Company will pay the Placement Agent a fee equal to 7% of the gross proceeds of the Offering and a non-accountable expense allowance
equal to 1% of the gross proceeds of the Offering. The Company also agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent at the closing of the Offering,
for expenses incurred, including disbursements of its legal counsel, in an amount not to exceed an aggregate of $100,000. The Placement
Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification
obligations of the Company and the Placement Agent, including for liabilities under the Securities Act, other obligations of the parties,
and termination provisions.

The Purchase Agreement and Placement Agreement
contain customary representations and warranties, covenants and indemnification provisions that the parties made to, and solely for the
benefit of, each other in the context of all of the terms and conditions of such agreements and in the context of the specific relationship
between the parties thereto. The provisions of the Purchase Agreement and Placement Agreement, including any representations and warranties
contained therein, are not for the benefit of any party other than the parties thereto (except with respect to certain representations
and warranties in the Purchase Agreement that are for the benefit of the Placement Agent) and are not intended as documents for investors
and the public to obtain factual information about the current state of affairs of the parties thereto. Rather, investors and the public
should look to other disclosures contained in the Companys annual, quarterly and current reports the Company may file with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

The foregoing does not purport to be a complete
description of each of the Purchase Agreement, Pre-Funded Warrants, Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants and Placement Agreement, and
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of each such document, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 and
10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Form 8-K) and incorporated herein by reference.

The information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K
shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the shares of Common Stock discussed herein, nor shall there
be any offer, solicitation or sale of the shares in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior
to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 25, 2025, the
Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the offering. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to
this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

The information contained
in this Item 7.01 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, except as
shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item. 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Form of Series A
Warrant

4.2 Form of Series B
Warrant

4.3 Form of Pre-Funded
Warrant

5.1 Opinion of The Crone Law Group P.C.

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 25, 2025, by and between Inspire Veterinary Partners, Inc. and the investor

10.2 Placement Agent Agreement, dated March 25, 2025 by and between Inspire Veterinary Partners, Inc. and D. Boral Capital LLC

23.1 Consent of The Crone Law Group P.C. (contained in Exhibit 5.1)

99.1 Press Release dated March 25, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 26, 2025 INSPIRE VETERINARY PARTNERS, INC.

By: /s/ Kimball Carr

Name: Kimball Carr

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023556401ex4-1_inspire.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SERIES A WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

CLASS A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

INSPIRE
VETINARY PARTNERS, INC.

Warrant Shares: [ ] Issue Date: March [ ], 2025

THIS CLASS A COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [ ]. or its
assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Stockholder Approval Date (the Initial Exercise Date) and on
or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on that date that is the five (5) year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date,
provided that, if such date is not a Trading Day, the date that is the immediately following Trading Date (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Inspire Veterinary Partners, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the
Company), up to [ ] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares)
of Class A Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Class A Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise
Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement), dated March [ ], 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed copy submitted
by email (or email attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within
one Trading Day following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares
specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless
exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise
shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company
until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case,
the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice
of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of
Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in
an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares so purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the
number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within
one Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that,
by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant
Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Class A Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $[1.83], subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price). The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid
aggregate exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been
exercised prior to the Termination Date.

c) Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof, there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained
therein is not available for the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares to or by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised,
in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number
of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior
to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal
securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding
the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Class A Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported
by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Companys receipt of Holders Notice of Exercise
if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two hours
thereafter (including until two hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a)
hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and
such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours
on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company
agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

2

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Class A Common Stock is then
listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Class A Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from
9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Class
A Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Class A Common Stock are then reported
on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of the Class A Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Class A Common
Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then
outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Class A Common Stock is then
listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Class A Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Class A Common Stock
are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most
recent bid price per share of the Class A Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Class
A Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants
then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares issued in connection with an exercise of the Warrant to
be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account
with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is
then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares
to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical
delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number
of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise
by the date that is the earlier of (i) one Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) one Trading
Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon
delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant
Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that
payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Delivery Date. If the
Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery
Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject
to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Class A Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day
(increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after
such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain
a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.

3

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than a failure that is solely due to any action
or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in
an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Class A Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Class A Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1)
the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with such exercise by (2) the price
at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the
portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall
be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company
timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Class A Common Stock having
a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Class A Common Stock with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Class A Common Stock upon
exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the number of Warrant
Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number and the Company shall pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final
fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price.

4

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Class A Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Class A Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Class A Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

5

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Class A Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Class A Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Class A Common Stock issued by the Company upon
exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including
by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification
of shares of the Class A Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied
by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding
immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately
after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Class A Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all (or substantially
all) of the record holders of any class of shares of Class A Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder
will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have
acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Class A Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of
which the record holders of shares of Class A Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent
(or beneficial ownership of such shares of Class A Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right
to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Class A Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise
(including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off,
reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Class A Common Stock
acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation,
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record
is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Class A Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such
Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Class A Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent)
and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto
would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

6

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, after giving effect
to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate voting power
of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction, (ii) the Company (all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Class A Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Class A Common
Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Class A Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Class A Common Stock is effectively converted into
or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, after giving effect to such transaction, the
stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the
successor entity of such transaction, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates
a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than
50% of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (not including any shares of Class A Common Stock held by the other Person or other
Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement
or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant,
the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior
to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the
exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Class A Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if
it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes
of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Class A Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Class A Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities,
cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the
event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable
at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the
public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount
of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Company's control,
including not approved by the Company's Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor
Entity, as of the date of consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion),
at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Class A Common
Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination
thereof, or whether the holders of Class A Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration
in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Class A Common Stock of the Company
are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Class A Common Stock will be deemed to have
received Class A Common Stock of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such
Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing
Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal
to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected
volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a
365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction,
(C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in
cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest
VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction
(or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request
pursuant to this Section 3(d) and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by
wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders
election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant
to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Class
A Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital
stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the
value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power
of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the
same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

7

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum
of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Class
A Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Class A Common Stock, (C)
the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Class A Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any
shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Class A Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is
a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Class
A Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder
at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable
record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice (unless such information is filed with the Commission, in which case a notice
shall not be required) stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Class A Common Stock of record to be entitled
to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders
of the Class A Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Class A Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

8

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this
Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any
transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company
assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase
of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with
this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting the rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c), or to receive cash payments contemplated by Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event will the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

9

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Class A Common Stock a sufficient
number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant. The Company further covenants that
its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant
Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant
Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market
upon which the Class A Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant will, upon exercise hereunder and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder
in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

10

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Class A Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors
of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

INSPIRE VETERINARY PARTNERS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

12

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: INSPIRE VETERINARY
PARTNERS, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant, and tenders
herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

[if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant
Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum
number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print) 

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature:_______________________________ 

Holders Address:_______________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023556401ex4-2_inspire.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SERIES B WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

CLASS A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

INSPIRE
VETINARY PARTNERS, INC.

Warrant Shares: [ ] Issue Date: March [ ], 2025

THIS CLASS A COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [ ] or its
assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Stockholder Approval Date (the Initial Exercise Date) and on
or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on that date that is the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date,
provided that, if such date is not a Trading Day, the date that is the immediately following Trading Date (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Inspire Veterinary Partners, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the
Company), up to [ ] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares)
of Class A Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Class A Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise
Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement), dated March [ ], 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed copy submitted
by email (or email attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within
one Trading Day following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares
specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless
exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise
shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company
until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case,
the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice
of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of
Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in
an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares so purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the
number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within
one Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that,
by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant
Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $[1.83], subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price). The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid
aggregate exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been
exercised prior to the Termination Date.

c) Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof, there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained
therein is not available for the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares to or by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised,
in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number
of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior
to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal
securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding
the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Class A Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported
by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Companys receipt of Holders Notice of Exercise
if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two hours
thereafter (including until two hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a)
hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and
such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours
on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company
agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

2

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Class A Common Stock is then
listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Class A Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from
9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Class
A Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Class A Common Stock are then reported
on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of the Class A Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Class A Common
Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then
outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Class A Common Stock is then
listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Class A Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Class A Common Stock
are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most
recent bid price per share of the Class A Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Class
A Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants
then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares issued in connection with an exercise of the Warrant to
be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account
with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is
then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares
to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical
delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number
of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise
by the date that is the earlier of (i) one Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) one Trading
Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon
delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant
Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that
payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Delivery Date. If the
Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery
Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject
to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Class A Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day
(increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after
such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain
a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.

3

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of
Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than a failure that is solely due
to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker
to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Class A
Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased
exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the
Holder in connection with such exercise by (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was
executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares
for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number
of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations
hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Class A Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with
respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of
$10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder
shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of
the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies
available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as
required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the number of Warrant
Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number and the Company shall pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final
fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price.

4

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to
exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any
other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons,
Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined
below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its
Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Class A Common Stock which would
be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or
exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be
calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To
the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this
Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to
be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder
together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in
determining the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Class
A Common Stockas reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case
may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer
Agent setting forth the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder,
the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Class A Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock shall be determined after giving
effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or
Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock was reported. The
Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Class A Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The
Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e),
provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Class A Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by
the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will
not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall
be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this
paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

5

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Class A Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Class A Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Class A Common Stock issued by the Company upon
exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including
by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification
of shares of the Class A Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied
by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding
immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately
after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Class A Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all (or substantially
all) of the record holders of any class of shares of Class A Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder
will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have
acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Class A Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of
which the record holders of shares of Class A Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent
(or beneficial ownership of such shares of Class A Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right
to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Class A Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise
(including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off,
reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Class A Common Stock
acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation,
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record
is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Class A Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such
Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Class A Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent)
and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto
would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

6

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, after giving effect
to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate voting power
of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction, (ii) the Company (all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Class A Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Class A Common
Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Class A Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Class A Common Stock is effectively converted into
or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, after giving effect to such transaction, the
stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the
successor entity of such transaction, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates
a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than
50% of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (not including any shares of Class A Common Stock held by the other Person or other
Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement
or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant,
the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior
to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the
exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Class A Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if
it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes
of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Class A Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Class A Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities,
cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the
event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable
at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the
public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount
of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Company's control,
including not approved by the Company's Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor
Entity, as of the date of consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion),
at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Class A Common
Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination
thereof, or whether the holders of Class A Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration
in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Class A Common Stock of the Company
are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Class A Common Stock will be deemed to have
received common stock of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such
Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing
Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal
to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected
volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a
365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction,
(C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in
cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest
VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction
(or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request
pursuant to this Section 3(d) and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by
wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders
election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant
to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Class
A Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital
stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the
value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power
of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the
same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

7

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum
of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Class
A Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Class A Common Stock, (C)
the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Class A Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any
shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Class A Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is
a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Class
A Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder
at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable
record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice (unless such information is filed with the Commission, in which case a notice
shall not be required) stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Class A Common Stock of record to be entitled
to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders
of the Class A Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Class A Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

8

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this
Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any
transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company
assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase
of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with
this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting the rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c), or to receive cash payments contemplated by Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event will the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

9

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Class A Common Stock a sufficient
number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant. The Company further covenants that
its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant
Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant
Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market
upon which the Class A Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant will, upon exercise hereunder and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder
in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

10

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Class A Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors
of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

INSPIRE VETERINARY PARTNERS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

12

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: INSPIRE VETERINARY
PARTNERS, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant, and tenders
herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

[if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant
Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum
number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print) 

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature:_______________________________ 

Holders Address:_______________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023556401ex4-3_inspire.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

PREFUNDED CLASS A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

INSPIRE
VETERINARY PARTNERS, INC.

Warrant Shares: [ ] Initial Exercise Date: March [ ], 2025

THIS PREFUNDED CLASS A COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (this Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [ ] or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and until this Warrant is exercised
in full (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Inspire Veterinary Partners,
Inc., a Nevada Corporation (the Company), up to [ ] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant
Shares) of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Common Stock). The purchase price of
one share of Class A Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement), dated March [ ], 2025, among the Company and each purchaser signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank
unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise be required. The Company shall have no obligation to inquire with respect to or otherwise confirm the authenticity of the signature(s)
contained on any Notice of Exercise nor the authority of the person executing such Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all
of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.
Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number
of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the
date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such
notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this
paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder
at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, there is no circumstance that
would require the Company to net cash settle this Warrant.

a) Exercise
Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded
to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise
price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The
Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance
or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination Date. The remaining
unpaid exercise price per Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be $0.001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

b) Cashless
Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of
a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior
to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities
laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of
the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Class A Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg
L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice
of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter
(including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice
of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on
such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a
cashless exercise.

2

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The
Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c), except to the extent required by applicable law, rules,
or regulations.

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Class A Common Stock is then
listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Class A Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from
9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price (VWAP) of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX
as applicable, (c) if the Class A Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Class
A Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting
prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Class A Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market
value of a share of Class A Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority
in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by
the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Class A Common Stock is then
listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a
Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB)
or the OTCQX Best Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock
for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Class A Common Stock is not then listed or quoted
for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Class A Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market)
operated by the OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of the Class A Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Class
A Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder of a majority in interest of the Warrants
then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. Trading
Day means any day on which the Trading Market is open for trading, including any day on which the Trading Market is open for
trading for a period of time less than the customary time.

3

b) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant
to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise set forth in the Notice of Exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is
the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery
of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the
delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of
the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares
with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading
Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the
Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery
Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject
to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Class A Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day
(increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant
Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer
agent (which may be the Transfer Agent) that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.
As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading
Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Class A Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the
Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement,
the Company agrees to deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time)
on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that
payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.
The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph,
following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at
any given time will be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

4

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice to the Company
at any time prior to the delivery of such Warrant Shares (in which case any liquidated damages payable under Section 2(d)(i) shall no
longer be payable).

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is solely due to
any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Class A Common Stock
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Warrant Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by
multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at
issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder,
either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which
case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases shares
of Class A Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Warrant with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the
Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Class A Common
Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share of Class A Common Stock.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form, attached hereto as Exhibit B, duly executed by the Holder and the Company
may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with (i) the Holders Affiliates, (ii) any other Persons
acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates, and (iii) any other Persons whose beneficial ownership
of Class A Common Stock would be aggregated with the Holders for the purposes of determination of beneficial ownership pursuant
to Section 13(d) and Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own
in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares
of Class A Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of Warrant
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of
Warrant Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by
the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion
of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on
conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the
Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation
contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned
by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the
sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether
this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties)
and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall
have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of this Warrant that
are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent the Holder has detrimentally relied on the number
of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock that was provided in writing by the Company. In addition, a determination as to any group
status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability
for exercises of this Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent the Holder relies
on the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock that was provided by the Company. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining
the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock
as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more
recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number
of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm
orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Class A Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Class A Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including
this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Class
A Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may increase
or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in
no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any
increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to
the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such
limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. To the extent that this Warrant
is unexercisable as a result of the Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation, no alternate consideration is owing to the Holder.

6

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Class A Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Class A Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification
of shares of the Class A Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied
by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding
immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately
after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) [Reserved]

c) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time while this Warrant is outstanding
the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro
rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Class A Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the
Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Class A Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant
(without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Class A Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase
Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase
Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Class A Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent)
and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all of the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock, by way of return of capital or
otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Class A Common Stock
acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation,
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record
is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Class A Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such
Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Class A Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to
such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as
its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

7

e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, in which the Company is not the surviving entity, (ii)
the Company (all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer,
conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct
or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which
holders of Class A Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has
been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Class A Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the outstanding
common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Class A Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Class A Common Stock
is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one
or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation,
a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other
Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (not including any shares of Class A Common Stock
held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such
stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any
subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Class A Common Stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock for which this Warrant
is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of
this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to
such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Class A Common Stock in
such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner
reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Class A Common Stock are given
any choice as to the securities, cash, or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same
choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. N Black
Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV
function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting
(A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of (1)
the 30 day volatility, (2) the 100 day volatility or (3) the 365 day volatility, each of clauses (1)-(3) as obtained from the HVT function
on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the highest
VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders
request pursuant to this Section 3(e) and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of
the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes
Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business
Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor
entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in
writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder prior to such Fundamental
Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity
evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding
number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Class A Common Stock acquirable
and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account
the relative value of the shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital
stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant
immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so
that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring
to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor
Entity had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions
of this Section 3(e) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Class A Common Stock for the issuance of
Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

8

For the avoidance
of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the offering and other transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement shall
not be deemed to constitute a Fundamental Transaction for purposes hereof.

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum
of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment; provided, however, that the Company may
satisfy this notice requirement in this Section 3(g) by filing such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K,
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If, while this Warrant is outstanding, (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution
in whatever form) on the Class A Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of
the Class A Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Class A Common Stock rights or warrants to
subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company
is required in connection with a Fundamental Transaction, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder
at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable
record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice (unless such information is filed with the Commission, in which case a notice
shall not be required) stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Class A Common Stock of record to be entitled
to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders
of the Class A Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Class A Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice; and provided, further, that no notice shall be required if the information is disseminated in a press release
or a document filed with the Commission. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any of the subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of
such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

h) Voluntary
Adjustment by the Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term
of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors
of the Company.

9

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with applicable securities law, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration
rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated
agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its
agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if
required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable,
and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing
the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company on the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. Subject to compliance with applicable securities law, this Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation
hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants
are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may
be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant
or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the
initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant
thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of
this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

10

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Class A Common Stock a sufficient
number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company
further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing
the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Class A Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant
Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights
represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes
in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment (it being understood that this Warrant shall not in any
case prevent the Company from effecting any such amendment, reorganization, transfer, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issuance or
sale). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the
amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

11

Before taking any
action, which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages
to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but
not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts
due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Class A Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors
of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

INSPIRE VETERINARY PARTNERS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

13

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: INSPIRE
VETERINARY PARTNERS, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

[if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant
Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum
number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature:_______________________________ 

Holders Address: _______________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023556401ex5-1_inspire.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF THE CRONE LAW GROUP P.C
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

March 26, 2025

Inspire Veterinary Partners, Inc.

780 Lynnhaven Parkway, Suite 400

Virginia Beach, VA 23452

Ladies & Gentlemen:

We have acted as securities
counsel to Inspire Veterinary Partners, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), in connection with the registration
by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of (i) 207,896 shares (the Shares)
of the Companys Class A Common Stock (the Common Stock), (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants)
to purchase up to 885,000 shares of Common Stock, (iii) five-year warrants (the Series A Warrants) to purchase up to 1,092,896
shares of Common Stock, (iv) eighteen-month warrants (the Series B Warrants and, together with the Series A Warrants, the
Common Warrants) to purchase up to 1,092,896 shares of Common Stock, (v) up to 2,185,792 shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of the Common Warrants (the Common Warrant Shares), and (vi) 885,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise of the Pre-funded Warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares). The securities are issued pursuant to that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 25, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), between the Company and the purchaser identified
on the signature page thereto (the Purchaser).

This opinion letter is being
delivered in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, and no opinion is expressed
herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (as defined below), other than as expressly
stated herein with respect to the issuance of the Securities and the securities issued upon exercise thereunder.

We have reviewed:

(i) the Purchase
Agreement;

(ii) the Common
Warrants;

(iii) the Pre-Funded
Warrants;

(iii) the Registration
Statement;

(iv) the
prospectus, consisting of a base prospectus, dated October 11, 2024, (the Base Prospectus), as supplemented
by a prospectus supplement, dated March 25, 2025 (together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus), relating to the offering
of the Securities, filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act; and

(v) such
corporate records, certificates and other documents, and such questions of law, as we have considered necessary or appropriate for the
purposes of this opinion.

We have assumed that all signatures
are genuine, that all documents submitted to us as originals are authentic and that all copies of documents submitted to us conform to
the originals.

420 Lexington Avenue, Suite 2446, New York, NY 10170

12121 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 810, Los Angeles, CA
90025

NYC Office: 646.861.7891

CA Office: 818.930.5686

www.cronelawgroup.com

Inspire Veterinary Partners, Inc.

March 25, 2025

Page 2

We have examined and relied upon certificates
of public officials and, as to certain matters of fact that are material to our opinion, we have also relied on certificates of officers
of the Company. In addition, we have made such other examinations of law and fact as we have deemed relevant in order to form a basis
for the opinion hereinafter expressed. We express no opinion herein as to the laws of any state or jurisdiction other than the substantive
laws of the State of New York and the federal laws of the United States of America.

Based upon the foregoing, and
subject to the assumptions and qualifications set forth herein, we are of the opinion that:

1. The
Shares have been duly authorized, and when issued and sold by the Company pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement and upon receipt
by the Company of full payment therefor in accordance with the Purchase Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

2. The
issuance and sale of the Pre-Funded and Common Warrants have been duly authorized by the Company, and when the Pre-Funded and Common Warrants
have been duly executed and sold by the Company pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement and upon receipt by the Company of full
payment therefor in accordance with the Purchase Agreement, the Pre-Funded and Common Warrants will constitute the valid and binding obligations
of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer,
reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity
principles.

3. The
Common Warrant Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and delivered by the Company pursuant to
the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants and Common Warrants and upon receipt by the Company of full payment of the exercise price thereof
in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants and Common Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

We express no opinion as to:
(i) waivers of defenses, subrogation and related rights, rights to trial by jury, rights to object to venue, or other rights or benefits
bestowed by operation of law; (ii) releases or waivers of unmatured claims or rights; (iii) indemnification, contribution, exculpation,
or arbitration provisions, or provisions for the non-survival of representations, to the extent they purport to indemnify any party against,
or release or limit any partys liability for, its own breach or failure to comply with statutory obligations, or to the extent
such provisions are contrary to public policy; (iv) provisions for liquidated damages and penalties, penalty interest and interest
on interest; (v) restrictions upon assignments of a partys rights under the Warrants; (vi) provisions purporting to supersede
equitable principles, including provisions requiring amendments and waivers to be in writing and provisions making notices effective even
if not actually received; (vii) provisions purporting to make a partys determination conclusive and (viii) exclusive
jurisdiction or venue provisions.

We hereby consent to the filing
of this opinion as Exhibit 5.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K dated the date hereof relating to the offering
of the Securities. We also hereby consent to the reference to our firm under the heading Legal Matters in the Prospectus
constituting part of the Registration Statement. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons
whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act.

Yours truly,

/s/ The Crone Law Group P.C.

The Crone Law Group P.C.

www.cronelawgroup.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023556401ex10-1_inspire.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 25, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN INSPIRE VETERINARY PARTNERS, INC. AND THE INVESTOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of March [ ], 2025, between Inspire Veterinary Partners,, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns,
a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and
not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee 
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st)
Trading Day following the date hereof.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Class A Common
Stock means the Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Class A Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument
that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, shares of
Class A Common Stock.

Common
Warrants means, collectively, the Short-Term Common Warrants and Long-Term Common Warrants.

Common
Warrant Shares means the shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the Common Warrants.

Company
Counsel means The Crone Law Group, P.C., with offices located at 420 Lexington Avenue, Suite 2446, New York, NY 10170.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Class A Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company
pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors
or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company,
(b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder, and/or other securities exercisable
or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided
that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the
exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or
to extend the term of such securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority
of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined
in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith
during the prohibition period in Section 4.10(a) herein, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities
primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

2

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Initial Exercise
Date shall mean the Shareholder Approval Date.

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Long-Term
Common Warrants means, collectively, the Class A Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing
in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which warrants shall be exercisable commencing upon issuance at an exercise price of $1.83 per
share, subject to adjustment and will expire five (5) years from the Initial Exercise Date, in the form of Exhibit A-2 attached
hereto.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per Share
Purchase Price equals $1.83 subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Class A Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agent means D. Boral Capital LLC.

Placement
Agency Agreement means the Placement Agency Agreement by and between the Company and the Placement Agent dated the date hereof.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Pre-Funded
Warrants means, collectively, the pre-funded Class A Common Stock purchase warrants delivered
to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately
and will expire when exercised in full, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B.

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Prospectus
means the final base prospectus filed for the Registration Statement, including all information, documents
and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such prospectus.

3

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act, including
all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such prospectus supplement, that is filed
with the Commission, and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Public
Information Failure shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 4.2(b).

Public
Information Failure Payments shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 4.2(d).

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282355) with the Commission, including
all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, which registers
the sale of the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares to the Purchasers,
including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means, collectively, the Shares, the Common Warrants and the Common Warrant Shares, and the Pre-Funded Warrants
and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Class A Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Class A Common Stock). 

Short-Term
Common Warrants means, collectively, the Class A Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing
in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which warrants shall be exercisable commencing upon issuance at an exercise price of $[ ] per
share and will expire eighteen (18) months from the Initial Exercise Date, in the form of Exhibit A-1 attached hereto.

Shareholder
Approval means such approval of a sufficient amount of holders of the Companys Common Stock to satisfy the shareholder
approval requirements for such action as provided in Nasdaq Rule 5635(e), to effectuate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, including the issuance of all of the Class A Common Stock underlying the Common Warrants, in excess of 19.99% of the issued
and outstanding Common Stock on the Closing Date.

4

Shareholder
Approval Date means the first Trading Day following the Companys notice to the Purchasers of Shareholder Approval, which
notice shall be provided in writing by the Company to the Purchasers on the date that the Company receives the Shareholder Approval in
accordance with SEC rules and regulations and applicable law and provisions of the Companys Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws.

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares, the Pre-Funded
Warrants (if applicable) and the Common Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature
page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available
funds (excluding for the avoidance of doubt, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price
of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act and listed in Exhibit 21 to the Companys Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as amended thereafter.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Class A Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on
the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New
York Stock Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Common Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Placement Agency Agreement, all exhibits
and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means VStock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Place,
Woodmere, New York 11598, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.10(b).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Class A Common Stock are then
listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Class A Common Stock are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Class A Common Stock are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Class A Common Stock
are then reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most
recent bid price per Common Share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a Common Share as determined by an
independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means, collectively, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Common Warrants.

Warrant
Shares means, the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares and Common Warrant Shares.

5

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase,
up to an aggregate of approximately $2,000,000 of Shares and Common Warrants, provided, however, that,
to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchasers Subscription Amount (together with such
Purchasers Affiliates, and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates)
would cause such Purchasers beneficial ownership of the shares of Common Stock to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or
as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares, such Purchaser may elect, by so indicating such election prior to
their issuance, to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in the same aggregate purchase price being
paid by such Purchaser to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, at the election
of the Purchaser, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of the Securities on the Closing Date. In each case, the election to receive Pre-Funded Warrants is solely
at the option of the Purchaser. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed
by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) settlement with the Company or
its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and Common Warrants as determined pursuant to Section
2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction
of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel
LLP or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares
shall occur via DVP (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares, and/or Pre-Funded
Warrants (if any) and Common Warrants, registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released by the Transfer
Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent
shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent
(or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the
time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including the time immediately prior to the
Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), if such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of any Securities
to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares), such Purchaser
shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to be unconditionally
bound to purchase, and the Company shall be deemed unconditionally bound to sell, such Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser at the
Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys
receipt of the Subscription Amount for such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder; provided, further, that the Company hereby acknowledges and
agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not such Purchaser will
elect to sell any Pre-Settlement Shares during the Pre-Settlement Period. The decision to sell any shares of Class A Common
Stock will be made in the sole discretion of such Purchaser from time to time, including during the Pre-Settlement Period. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein and a Purchasers Subscription Amount set forth on the signature pages attached hereto, the number
of Shares purchased by a Purchaser (and its Affiliates) hereunder shall not, when aggregated with all other shares of Class A Common
Stock owned by such Purchaser (and its Affiliates) at such time, result in such Purchaser beneficially owning (as determined in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) in excess of 9.9% of the then issued and outstanding Class A Common Stock outstanding at
the Closing (the Beneficial Ownership Maximum), and such Purchasers Subscription Amount, to the extent it
would otherwise exceed the Beneficial Ownership Maximum immediately prior to the Closing, shall be conditioned upon the issuance of Shares
at the Closing to the other Purchasers signatory hereto. To the extent that a Purchasers beneficial ownership of the Shares would
otherwise be deemed to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Maximum, such Purchasers Subscription Amount shall automatically be reduced
as necessary in order to comply with this paragraph.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser and the Placement Agent the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a
legal opinion of Company Counsel, substantially in the form acceptable to the Placement Agent and each of the Purchasers;

6

(iii) a
certificate of the chief financial officer of the Company in a form and substance reasonably
satisfactory in all respects to the Placement Agent;

(iv) the
Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(v)
subject to the penultimate sentence of Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer
Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC)
Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(vi) a
Short-Term Common Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal
to 100% of such Purchasers Shares, with an exercise price equal to $1.83, subject to adjustment therein;

(vii) a
Long-Term Common Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to
100% of such Purchasers Shares, with an exercise price equal to $1.83, subject to adjustment therein; and

(viii) if
applicable, for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser
to purchase up to a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable
to Pre-Funded Warrants (as elected by the Purchaser) divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001, with an exercise price equal
to $1.8299 per share of Class A Common Stock, subject to adjustment therein.

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such
Purchasers Subscription Amount (less the aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants issuable to such Purchaser hereunder,
if applicable), which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the Company or its designee.

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific
date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

7

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) the
filing of the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission;

(v) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(vi) from
the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Class A Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude
in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties
of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall
qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure
Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in Exhibit 21 to the Companys Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity
interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens.

8

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse
effect on the results of operations, assets, business, or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its
obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and, to the knowledge
of the Company, no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit
or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by
general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do
not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of
incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets
of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration
or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing
a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property
or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in
a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority
to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property
or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not
have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

9

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant
to Section 4.3 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) application(s) to each applicable
Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and Common Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iv)
such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws, and (v) the Shareholder Approval (collectively, the Required
Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Securities; Registration. The issuances of the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Common Warrants
and the Warrant Shares are duly authorized by all necessary corporate actions on the part of the Company. The Shares are duly authorized
and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, and free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Common Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms
of the Common Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company.
The Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, as applicable, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Common Warrants, will be validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, and free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized
capital stock the maximum number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Common Warrants. The Company
has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on October
11, 2024 (the Effective Date) including the Prospectus and any such amendments and supplements thereto as may have
been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing
or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus and/or the Prospectus
Supplement has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company,
are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus Supplement
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the
date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all
material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus,
Prospectus Supplement, and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus, Prospectus Supplement or any such amendment
or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the
Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided
that this representation and warranty does not apply to statements in or omissions from any Prospectus Supplement made in reliance upon
and in conformity with information relating to the Purchasers furnished to the Company in writing by or on behalf of the Purchasers expressly
for use therein. The Company was at the time of the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company
is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements with respect to the aggregate market value
of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) months prior to this offering, as set forth in General Instruction
I.B.6 of Form S-3.

(g) Capitalization.
As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 100,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par
value per share, 20,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share and 1,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock,
$0.0001 par value per share. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right
to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, except as described in the Registration Statement and SEC
Reports. There are no authorized or outstanding options, warrants, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other rights to purchase,
or equity or debt securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
except as described in the Registration Statement and the SEC Reports. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities
laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase
securities. Other than the Shareholder Approval, no further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others
is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements
with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among
any of the Companys stockholders.

10

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the 12 months
preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Registration Statement, the
Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis
or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension.
As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The Company is not, and has not been in the past two years, an issuer identified in Rule 144(i)(1)(i)
and has filed with the Commission current Form 10 information (as defined in Rule 144(i)(3)) at least 12 months prior to
the date of this Agreement reflecting its status as an entity that is no longer an issuer identified in Rule 144(i)(1)(i).The financial
statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the relevant periods (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise)
other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities
not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission,
(iii) the Company has not materially altered its method of accounting, and (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution
of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital
stock. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. 

(j) Litigation.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before
or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action), which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of
any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any
registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

11

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the
Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality,
disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant
in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal,
state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and
wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Compliance.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have been and are in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, except where failure
to be so in compliance would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to
pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or
subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants,
contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the
environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments,
licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder
(Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under
applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of
any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit.

(o) Title
to Assets. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement and the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries have
good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned
by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i)
Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made
of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate
reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any
real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable
leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, with such exceptions as are not material and do not materially interfere
with the use made or proposed to be made of such real property, improvements, equipment or personal property by the Company or such subsidiary.

12

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
described in the SEC Reports as being owned or licensed by them or which are necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses
as currently conducted or as currently proposed to be conducted and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect
(collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the
date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge
that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected
to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there
is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken
reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure
to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires
or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the officers or directors
of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently
a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including
any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer,
director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, in all material respects, with any and all applicable
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries
maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such
disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules
and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company
and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date,
the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the
conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as
of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such
term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

13

(t) Certain
Fees. Except as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable
by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other
Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v) [Reserved.]

(w) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Class A Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the
Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the
Class A Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the
Class A Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance
requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, to its knowledge, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.
The Class A Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing
corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation)
in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x) [Reserved.]

(y) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, taken as a
whole, is true and correct in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to
the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither
the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales
of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be
integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on
which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

14

(aa) [Reserved.]

(bb) Tax Status. Except
for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the
Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise
tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental
assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii)
has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to
which such returns, reports or declarations apply.

(cc) Foreign Corrupt Practices.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf
of the Company or any such Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment
or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government
officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully
any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which
is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd) Accountants.
The Companys registered independent accounting firm is Kreit & Chiu, CPA LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm.
To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act. 

(ee) Acknowledgment Regarding
Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely in the
capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company
further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with
respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective
representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental
to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys decision
to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff) Acknowledgment Regarding
Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except for Sections
3.2(f) and 4.10 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked by the Company
to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative
securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii) past or future open market
or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions,
before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys
publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which any such Purchaser
is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Class A Common
Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers
may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation,
during the periods that the value of the Common Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such
hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders' equity interests in the Company at and after the time
that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute
a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

15

(gg) Regulation M Compliance. 
The Company has not (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation
of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased,
or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation
for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation
paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement of the Securities.

(hh) Reserved.

(ii) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with
the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Class
A Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under
the Companys stock option plan has been backdated.

(jj) Office of Foreign
Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary acting on behalf of the Company or such Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions
administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(kk) Money Laundering.
The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

16

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement, Prospectus, Prospectus Supplement
or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in
the ordinary course of its business. Such Purchaser is acquiring such Securities as principal for his, her or its own account and not
with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the
distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell such Securities pursuant to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws).

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Common Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3),
(a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities
Act.

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results
of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the
Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the
Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes
any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public
information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance
of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary
to such Purchaser.

17

(f) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that the Company or any
other Person representing the Company first contacted the Purchaser regarding the material pricing terms of the transactions contemplated
hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers
assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that
made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement
or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors,
employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this
transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing
contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares
in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on
the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any
other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute
a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or
similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Absence
of Legends. The Securities shall be issued free of legends. 

4.2 Furnishing
of Information. Until the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities (ii) the Common Warrants have expired or (iii)
the Pre-Funded Warrants have been fully exercised, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file
within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act
even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

Integration. The Company
shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of
the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any
Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval
is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

18

4.3 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by 8:00 a.m. on March 25, 2025, issue a press release disclosing the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto,
with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents
to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and
agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers
or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing
any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any
such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release
of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall
not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly
provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall
not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory
agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection
with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or regulation,
Trading Market or FINRA rules or regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure
permitted under this clause (b).

4.4 [Intentionally
Omitted]

4.5 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.3, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its
behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes,
material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed
with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the
foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or
any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser
without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality
to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the
basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that
any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company
or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The
Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company.

19

4.6 Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement.

4.7 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.7, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners
or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such
title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses,
liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court
costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of
or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations,
warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such
stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which
is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct), the Company will indemnify each Purchaser
Party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact contained in such registration statement, any prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment
or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue
statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Purchaser Party furnished in writing to the Company by such Purchaser
Party expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or
any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection therewith. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser
Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in
writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to
the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense
thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (x) the employment
thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (y) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume
such defense and to employ counsel or (z) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material
issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for
the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under
this Agreement (1) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable
to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.7 shall be made by periodic payments
of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity
agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or
others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.8 Reservation
of Class A Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available
at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Class A Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the
Company to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement, Pre-Funded Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants and
Common Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Common Warrants.

20

4.9 Listing
of Class A Common Stock. (a) The Company hereby agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of
the Class A Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company
shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares and Common Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all
of the Shares and Common Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Class
A Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares and Common Warrant Shares,
and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and Common Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other
Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading
of its Class A Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and
other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Class A
Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without
limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with
such electronic transfer. In addition, the Company shall hold a special meeting of shareholders (which may also be the annual meeting
of shareholders) at the earlier of the date of the Companys annual shareholder meeting date or the seventy fifth (75) calendar
day from the date of this Agreement for the purpose of obtaining Shareholder Approval, with the recommendation of the Companys
Board of Directors that such proposal be approved and the Company shall solicit proxies from its shareholders in connection therewith
in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their
proxies in favor of such proposal. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such Shareholder Approval. If the Company
does not obtain Shareholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting as often as possible thereafter to seek Shareholder
Approval, and no later than every ninety (90) days until the Shareholder Approval is obtained.

4.10 Subsequent
Equity Sales.

(a) From
the date hereof until ninety (90) days thereafter, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall issue, enter into any agreement to issue
or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Class A Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.

(b) For
a period from the date hereof until ninety (90) days thereafter, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement
to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Class A Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination
of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the
Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right
to receive additional shares of Class A Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price
that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Class A Common Stock at any time after the
initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset
at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events
directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Class A Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects
a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or at-the-market offering, whereby the Company
may issue securities at a future determined price. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to
preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.10 shall not apply in respect of (i) an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall
be an Exempt Issuance, or (ii) the filing of any registration statement on Form S-8 or any successor form thereto.

21

4.11 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is
also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right
granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers
as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition
or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.12 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor
any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales
of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.3. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3, such Purchaser
will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation,
warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.3, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance
with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty
not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the initial press release as described
in Section 4.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate
portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the
investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above
shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase
the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.13 Exercise
Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Common Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the
Purchasers in order to exercise the Common Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required
of the Purchasers to exercise their Common Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required
in order to exercise the Common Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Common Warrants and shall deliver Common Warrant Shares
in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. 
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated
on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

22

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered
by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email
attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a
Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment
at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally
recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address
for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided
pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares based on the initial
Subscription Amounts hereunder or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought,
provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers),
the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with
respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver
of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any
party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately,
materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the
other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with
this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

23

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit
or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other
than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by
the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be a third party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the Company
in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of
the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be
enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.7 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action
or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section
4.7, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

24

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, or by electronic signature such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the
party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf
signature page or electronic signature were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.14 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

5.15 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required
to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without
limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

25

5.16 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For
reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through
Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP (Placement Agent Counsel), with offices located at 1185 Avenue of the Americas, New York,
New York. Placement Agent Counsel does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The Company has elected
to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required
or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement
and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers
collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.17 Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been
paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due
and payable shall have been canceled.

5.18 Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.19 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Class A Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward
stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Class A Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.20 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow)

26

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the
date first indicated above.

Inspire Veterinary Partners, Inc. 

By: 

Name: Kimball Carr 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

Address for Notice:

780 Lynnhaven Parkway, Suite 400

Virginia Beach, VA

Attention: [ ]

E-Mail: [ ]

Phone: [ ]

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

The Crone Law Group, P.C.

[ ]

Attention: [ ]

Email: [ ]

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

27

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO Inspire
Veterinary Partners, Inc. SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:
_________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory:_________________________________________

Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Common Warrants to Purchaser (if not same as
address for notice):

DWAC for Shares:

Subscription Amount: $_________________

Shares: _________________

Pre-funded Warrants __________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker
o 4.99% or o 9.99%

Short-Term Common Warrants __________________ Beneficial Ownership
Blocker o 4.99% or o 9.99%

Long-Term Common Warrants __________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker
o 4.99% or o 9.99%

EIN Number: _______________________

o
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the Company
to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing
shall occur on the first Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated by this Agreement
(but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any agreement, instrument,
certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be an unconditional obligation
of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as
applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

28
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023556401ex10-2_inspire.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PLACEMENT AGENT AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 25, 2025 BY AND BETWEEN INSPIRE VETERINARY PARTNERS, INC. AND D. BORAL CAPITAL LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

March 25, 2025

D. Boral Capital LLC

590 Madison Avenue, 39th Floor

New York, New York 10022

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Subject to the terms and conditions herein (this
Agreement) Inspire Veterinary Partners, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), hereby agrees to sell up
to an aggregate of (i) 1,092,896 (the Shares) of the Companys Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share
(the Common Stock), (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-funded Warrants) to purchase up to an aggregate
of 1,092,896 shares of Common Stock (the Pre-funded Warrant Shares), and (iii) Series A warrants (the Series
A Warrants) to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,092,896 shares of Common Stock (the Series A Warrant Shares) and
Series B warrants (the Series B Warrants and, together with the Pre-funded Warrants and the Series A Warrants, the Warrants)
to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,092,896 shares of Common Stock (the Series B Warrant Shares and, together with the Pre-funded
Warrant Shares and Series A Warrant Shares, the Warrant Shares) directly to various purchasers (each, a Purchaser
and, collectively, the Purchasers) through D. Boral Capital LLC, as Placement Agent (the Placement Agent).
This Agreement and the documents executed and delivered by the Company and the Purchasers in connection with the Offering (as defined
below), including, without limitation, a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement), shall be collectively referred
to herein as the Transaction Documents. The Shares and the Warrants are collectively referred to as the Securities.
The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the
Offering. The Securities and the Warrant Shares will be issued under the Registration Statement (as defined below) and pursuant to the
terms of the Base Prospectus.

The Shares, on the one hand, and the Warrants,
on the other hand, are sold together in the Offering but shall be immediately separable and transferable upon issuance.

The Company has prepared and filed in conformity
with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and the published rules and regulations
thereunder (the Rules) adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement
on Form S-3 (No. 333-282355), including a related prospectus dated March 25, 2025 (the Base Prospectus) relating
to common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants to purchase common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities, subscription
rights to purchase common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities and units comprised of a combination of the foregoing securities,
or any combination of those securities of the Company that may be sold from time to time by the Company in accordance with Rule 415
of the Securities Act, and such amendments thereof as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. Copies of such Registration
Statement (including all amendments thereof and all documents deemed incorporated by reference therein) and of the related Base Prospectus
have heretofore been delivered by the Company or are otherwise available to you.

The term Registration Statement
as used in this Agreement means the registration statement, including all exhibits, financial schedules and all documents and information
deemed to be part of the Registration Statement by incorporation by reference or otherwise, as amended from time to time, including the
information (if any) contained in the form of final prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and
deemed to be part thereof at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430B of the Rules. The Registration Statement has been declared
effective by the Commission.

If the Company has filed an abbreviated registration
statement to register additional Securities pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Rules (the 462(b) Registration
Statement), then any reference herein to the Registration Statement shall also be deemed to include such 462(b) Registration
Statement. The term Prospectus means the Base Prospectus and any amendments or further supplements to such prospectus, and
including, without limitation, the final prospectus supplement, filed pursuant to and within the limits described in Rule 424(b) with
the Commission in connection with the proposed sale of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement through the date of such Prospectus
Supplement. The term Effective Date shall mean each date that the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment
or amendments thereto became or becomes effective. Unless otherwise stated herein, any reference herein to the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein, including pursuant to Item
12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, which were filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act) on or before the date hereof or are so filed hereafter, but prior to the termination of the public offering contemplated by
this Agreement. Any reference herein to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with respect
to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include any such document filed or to be filed under the
Exchange Act after the date of the Registration Statement, any such Prospectus and deemed to be incorporated therein by reference.

The Company hereby confirms that the Placement
Agent and dealers have been authorized to distribute or cause to be distributed each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (as hereinafter defined)
and are authorized to distribute the Prospectus (as from time to time amended or supplemented if the Company furnishes amendments or supplements
thereto to the Placement Agent).

1.Agreement to Act as Placement Agent.
On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements contained in, and subject to the terms and conditions of, this Agreement:

(a) The Company hereby
authorizes the Placement Agent to act as its exclusive agent to solicit offers for the purchase of all or part of the Securities from
the Company in connection with the proposed offering of the Securities (the Offering). Until the Closing Date (as defined
below) or earlier upon termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent
of the Placement Agent, solicit or accept offers to purchase the Securities otherwise than through the Placement Agent,.

(b) The Company hereby
acknowledges that the Placement Agent has agreed, as agent of the Company, to use its reasonable best efforts to solicit
offers to purchase the Securities from the Company on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. The Placement Agent shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to assist the Company in obtaining performance by each Purchaser whose offer to purchase Securities
has been solicited by the Placement Agent and accepted by the Company, but the Placement Agent shall not, except as otherwise provided
in this Agreement, be obligated to disclose the identity of any potential purchaser or have any liability to the Company in the event
any such purchase is not consummated for any reason. Under no circumstances will the Placement Agent be obligated to underwrite or purchase
any Securities for its own account and, in soliciting purchases of the Securities, the Placement Agent shall act solely as the Companys
agent and not as principal.

(c) Subject to the provisions
of this Section 1, offers for the purchase of the Securities may be solicited by the Placement Agent as agent for the Company at
such times and in such amounts as the Placement Agent deems advisable. The Placement Agent shall communicate to the Company, orally or
in writing, each reasonable offer to purchase Securities received by it as agent of the Company. The Company shall have the sole right
to accept offers to purchase Securities and may reject any such offer, in whole or in part. The Placement Agent shall have the right,
in its discretion reasonably exercised, without notice to the Company, to reject any offer to purchase Securities received by it, in whole
or in part, and any such rejection shall not be deemed a breach of this Agreement.

(d) Each Share and accompanying
Warrant are being sold to the Purchasers at a price of $1.83. The purchases of Securities by the Purchasers shall be evidenced by the
execution of Purchase Agreement by each of the Purchasers and the Company.

(e) As compensation for
services rendered, on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent by wire transfer
of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Placement Agent, an aggregate amount equal to seven percent (7.0%) of the
gross proceeds received by the Company (the Placement Fee) from the sale of the Securities on such Closing Date. The Placement
Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents on its behalf in connection with the Offering, the fees of which shall
be paid out of the Placement Fee.

(f) No Securities which
the Company has agreed to sell pursuant to this Agreement and the Purchase Agreement shall be deemed to have been purchased and paid for,
or sold by the Company, until such Securities shall have been delivered to the Purchaser thereof against payment by such Purchaser. If
the Company shall default in its obligations to deliver Securities to a Purchaser whose offer it has accepted, the Company shall indemnify
and hold the Placement Agent harmless against any loss, claim, damage or expense arising from or as a result of such default by the Company
subject to and in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 5(c) herein.

2

(g) The time and date
of closing and delivery of the documents required to be delivered to the Placement Agent pursuant to Sections 3 and 4 hereof (the Closing)
shall be at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on March 26, 2025 (the Closing Date) at the office of Sichenzia Ross Ference
Carmel LLP, 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10036, or at such other time and location as the Company
and the Placement Agent shall otherwise agree.

2. Representations and Warranties of the
Company. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 3.1 and Article IV of the Purchase Agreement
are hereby incorporated by reference in this Agreement, as if made directly by the Company to the Placement Agent on the date of this
Agreement, with the understanding that:

(a) any defined terms
used in such incorporated sections shall have the meanings given to them in this Agreement or, if no definition is given to them in this
Agreement, such defined terms will have the meanings given to them in the incorporated sections;

(b) in the event of a
conflict in meaning or defined term between the incorporated sections and this Agreement, this Agreement shall control; and

(c) references to this
Agreement in the incorporated sections from the Purchase Agreement means this Agreement.

3. Conditions of the Obligations of the
Placement Agent and the Purchasers. The respective obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder and the Purchasers under the Purchase
Agreement are subject to each of the following terms and conditions:

(a) Notification that
the Prospectus shall have been timely filed with the Commission in accordance with Section 4(a) of this Agreement and any material
required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Rules shall have been timely filed with the Commission
in accordance with such rule.

(b) No order preventing
or suspending the use of the Prospectus or any free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Rules), shall
have been or shall be in effect and no order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall be in effect and no proceedings
for such purpose shall be pending before or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened by the Commission, and any requests for additional
information on the part of the Commission (to be included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or otherwise) shall have been
complied with to the satisfaction of the Commission and the Placement Agent.

(c) The representations
and warranties of the Company in the Purchase Agreement and incorporated by reference in this Agreement and in any certificates delivered
pursuant to Section 3(d) shall be true and correct when made and on and as of the Closing Date as if made on such date. The
Company shall have performed all covenants and agreements and satisfied all the conditions contained in this Agreement and the Purchase
Agreement required to be performed or satisfied by it at or before the Closing Date.

(d) The Placement Agent
shall have received on the Closing Date a certificate, addressed to the Placement Agent and dated the Closing Date, of the chief executive
or chief operating officer and the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the Company, in their capacity as such officers,
to the effect that: (i) the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company in the Purchase Agreement were true and correct
when made and are true and correct as of the Closing Date; (ii) the Company has performed all covenants and agreements and satisfied
all conditions contained herein and in the Purchase Agreement; (iii) they have carefully examined the Registration Statement the
Prospectus and any individual Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and, in their opinion (A) as of the Effective Date the Prospectus did
not include, and as of 8:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on the date of this Agreement, no individual Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, included,
any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (B) since the Effective Date no
event has occurred which should have been set forth in a supplement or otherwise required an amendment to the Registration Statement or
the Prospectus and was not so disclosed; (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued
and, to their knowledge, no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending under the Securities Act and (v) there
has not occurred any material adverse change in the assets, properties, condition, financial or otherwise, or in the results of operations,
or business affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as a whole.

3

(e) The Company shall
have furnished or caused to be furnished to the Placement Agent such further certificates or documents as the Placement Agent shall have
reasonably requested.

4. Covenants and other Agreements of the
Company and the Placement Agent.

(a) The Company covenants
and agrees as follows:

(i) The Company shall prepare
the Prospectus in a form reasonably approved by the Placement Agent and file such Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the
Securities Act not later than the Commissions close of business on the second business day following the execution and delivery
of this Agreement, or, if applicable, such earlier time as may be required by the Rules. The Company will file with the Commission all
Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses in the time and manner required under Rules 433(d) or 163(b)(2), as the case may be.

(ii) The Company shall
promptly advise the Placement Agent in writing (A) when any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement relating to the
Securities shall have become effective or any supplement to the Prospectus shall have been filed, (B) of any request by the Commission
for any amendment of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or for any additional information, (C) of the issuance by the Commission
of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary
prospectus or any free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405 of the Rules, or the institution or threatening of
any proceeding for that purpose and (D) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification
of the Securities for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose, in each case as it
relates to the offer and sale of the Securities. The Company shall not file any amendment to the Registration Statement or supplement
to the Prospectus or any document incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus related
to the offer and sale of the Securities unless the Company has furnished the Placement Agent a copy for its review prior to filing and
shall not file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the Placement Agent reasonably objects. The Company shall use its reasonable
best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order and, if issued, to obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal thereof.

(iii) If, at any time when
a prospectus relating to the Securities (or, in lieu thereof, the notice referred to in Rule 173(a) of the Rules) is required
to be delivered under the Securities Act, any event occurs as a result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made not misleading, or if it shall be necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with
the Securities Act or the Rules or the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, the Company
promptly shall prepare and file with the Commission, subject to the second sentence of paragraph (ii) of this Section 4(a),
an amendment or supplement which shall correct such statement or omission or an amendment which shall effect such compliance.

(iv) If at any time following
issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or
would omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances prevailing at the subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Placement Agent and will promptly
amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict or so that the statements
in such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances prevailing at such time, not misleading,
as the case may be.

(v) Reserved.

4

(vi) The Company shall
furnish to the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent, without charge and upon request, signed copies of the Registration
Statement (including all exhibits thereto and amendments thereof) and, so long as delivery of a prospectus by the Placement Agent or dealer
may be required by the Securities Act or the Rules, as many copies of any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments
thereof and supplements thereto as the Placement Agent may reasonably request. If applicable, the copies of the Registration Statement,
preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and Prospectus and each amendment and supplement thereto furnished to the Placement
Agent will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent
permitted by Regulation S-T.

(vii) The Company shall
cooperate with the Placement Agent and its counsel with the offering under the laws of such jurisdictions as the Placement Agent may designate
and shall maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Securities; provided, however, that the
Company shall not be required in connection therewith, as a condition thereof, to qualify as a foreign corporation or to execute a general
consent to service of process in any jurisdiction or subject itself to taxation as doing business in any jurisdiction.

(viii) The Company, during
the period when the Prospectus (or in lieu thereof, the notice referred to in Rule 173(a) of the Rules) is required to be delivered
under the Securities Act and the Rules or the Exchange Act, will file all reports and other documents required to be filed with the
Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15 of the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder.

(ix) On or before completion
of this offering, the Company shall make all filings required under applicable securities laws and by The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq).

(x) Prior to the Closing
Date, the Company will issue no press release or other communications directly or indirectly and hold no press conference with respect
to the Company, the condition, financial or otherwise, or the earnings, business affairs or business prospects of any of them, or the
offering of the Securities without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent unless in the judgment of the Company and its counsel,
and after notification to the Placement Agent, such press release or communication is required by law.

(xi) The Company will apply
the net proceeds from the offering of the Securities in the manner set forth under Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

(b) The Company agrees
to pay, or reimburse if paid by the Placement Agent, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated or this Agreement
is terminated, all costs and expenses incident to the public offering of the Securities and the performance of the obligations of the
Company under this Agreement including those relating to: (i) the preparation, printing, reproduction filing and distribution of
the Registration Statement including all exhibits thereto, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, all amendments and supplements
thereto and any document incorporated by reference therein, and the printing, filing and distribution of this Agreement; (ii) the
preparation and delivery of certificates for the Securities to or as directed by the Placement Agent or the Purchasers; (iii) the
registration or qualification of the Securities for offer and sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of the various jurisdictions
referred to in Section 5(a)(vi), including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Placement Agent in connection
with such registration and qualification and the preparation, printing, distribution and shipment of preliminary and supplementary Blue
Sky memoranda; (iv) the furnishing (including costs of shipping and mailing) to the Placement Agent of copies of the Prospectus and
all amendments or supplements to the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and of the several documents required by this Section to
be so furnished, as may be reasonably requested for use in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities by the Placement Agent
or by dealers to whom Securities may be sold; (v) the filing fees of FINRA in connection with its review of the terms of the public
offering and reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Placement Agent in connection with such review; (vi) inclusion
of the Securities for listing on Nasdaq; and (vii) all transfer taxes, if any, with respect to the sale and delivery of the Securities
by the Company to the Purchasers. The Company will reimburse the Placement Agent for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses,
including its legal fees and disbursements, in connection with the purchase and sale of the Securities contemplated hereby in an amount
not to exceed $100,000, without the Companys prior approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).
Additionally, one percent (1.0%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company shall be payable to the Placement Agent at the Closing
for non-accountable expenses.

5

(c) The Company acknowledges
and agrees that the Placement Agent has acted and is acting solely in the capacity of a principal in an arms length transaction
between the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent, on the other hand, with respect to the offering of Securities contemplated
hereby (including in connection with determining the terms of the Offering) and not as a financial advisor, agent or fiduciary to the
Company or any other person. Additionally, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent has not and will not advise the
Company or any other person as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. The Company has consulted
with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and the Placement Agent shall have no responsibility or liability to the Company or any other person
with respect thereto, whether arising prior to or after the date hereof. Any review by the Placement Agent of the Company, the transactions
contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such transactions have been and will be performed solely for the benefit of the Placement
Agent and shall not be on behalf of the Company. The Company agrees that it will not claim that the Placement Agent has rendered advisory
services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary duty to the Company or any other person in connection with any such transaction
or the process leading thereto.

(d) The Company represents
and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Placement Agent, and the Placement Agent represents and agrees that, unless
it obtains the prior consent of the Company, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute
an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing
prospectus, as defined in Rule 405, required to be filed with the Commission. The Company has complied and will comply with
the requirements of Rule 433 under the Act applicable to any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, including timely filing with the Commission
where required, legending and record keeping. The Company represents that is has satisfied and agrees that it will satisfy the conditions
set forth in Rule 433 of the Rules to avoid a requirement to file with the Commission any Road Show.

5. Indemnification.

(a) The Company agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, its officers and employees and each person, if any, who controls the Placement Agent
within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all losses, claims,
damages and liabilities, joint or several (including any reasonable investigation, legal and other expenses incurred in connection with,
and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted), to which they, or any of them, may become
subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other Federal or state law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as
such losses, claims, damages or liabilities arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in any preliminary prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any issuer-information
filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Rules, any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or in any Blue
Sky application or other information or other documents executed by the Company filed in any state or other jurisdiction to qualify any
or all of the Securities under the securities laws thereof (any such application, document or information being hereinafter referred to
as a Blue Sky Application) or arise out of or are based upon any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading; provided, however, that such indemnity shall not inure to the benefit of the Placement Agent (or any person controlling
such Placement Agent) on account of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities arising from the sale of the Securities to any person by
or through the Placement Agent if such untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission was made in such preliminary
prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or such amendment or supplement thereto, or
in any Blue Sky Application in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing by the Agent specifically for use
in the Prospectus (the Agent Information). This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which the Company
may otherwise have.

6

(b) The Placement Agent
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, each director of the Company, and each officer of the Company who signs
the Registration Statement, against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities (including any reasonable investigation, legal and other
expenses incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted) to
which such party may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or
actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in any preliminary prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any amendment thereof
or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission
was made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any such amendment or supplement in reliance upon and in conformity with
the Agent Information; provided, however, that the obligation of the Placement Agent to indemnify the Company (including any controlling
person, director or officer thereof) shall be limited to the amount of the Placement Fee actually received by the Placement Agent hereunder.

(c) Any party that proposes
to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section will, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action, suit
or proceeding against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party or parties under this Section,
notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, suit or proceeding, enclosing a copy of all papers served. No
indemnification provided for in Section 5(a) or 5(b) shall be available to any party who shall fail to give notice as provided
in this Section 5(c) if the party to whom notice was not given was unaware of the action, suit or proceeding to which such notice
would have related and was prejudiced by the failure to give such notice but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party of any
such action, suit or proceeding shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have to any indemnified party for contribution or
otherwise than under this Section 5. In case any such action, suit or proceeding shall be brought against any indemnified party and
it shall notify the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate in, and, to
the extent that it shall wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel
reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election
so to assume the defense thereof and the approval by the indemnified party of such counsel, the indemnifying party shall not be liable
to such indemnified party for any legal or other expenses, except as provided below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation
subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof. The indemnified party shall have the right to
employ its counsel in any such action, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party unless
(i) the employment of counsel by such indemnified party has been authorized in writing by the indemnifying parties, (ii) the
indemnified party shall have been advised by counsel that there may be one or more legal defenses available to it which are different
from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying parties shall not have the right to direct
the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party) or (iii) the indemnifying parties shall not have employed counsel
to assume the defense of such action within a reasonable time after notice of the commencement thereof, in each of which cases the fees
and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying parties. An indemnifying party shall not be liable for any settlement
of any action, suit, and proceeding or claim effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed.

(d) No indemnifying party
shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment
in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is a party or could be named and indemnity
was or would be sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (a) includes an unconditional
release of such indemnified party from all liability for claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (b) does
not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

7

6. Contribution. In order to provide
for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in Section 5(a) or 5(b) is
due in accordance with its terms but for any reason is unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect
to any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate
losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses (including any investigation, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection
with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claims asserted, but after deducting any contribution
received by any person entitled hereunder to contribution from any person who may be liable for contribution) incurred by such indemnified
party, as incurred, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and
the Placement Agent on the other hand from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement or, if such allocation is not permitted
by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to above but also the relative
fault of the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on the other hand in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted
in such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The Company and the
Placement Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 6 were determined by pro rata
allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above. The aggregate
amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by an indemnified party and referred to above shall be deemed to
include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in investigating, preparing or defending against any
litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based
upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6,
(i) the Placement Agent shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the Placement Fee actually received by the Placement
Agent; and no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall
be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 6,
each person, if any, who controls an Placement Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of
the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Placement Agent, and each director of the Company, each officer of
the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Section 15
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. Any party entitled
to contribution will, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action, suit or proceeding against such party in respect
of which a claim for contribution may be made against another party or parties under this Section 6, notify such party or parties
from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission so to notify such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought shall not
relieve the party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation it or they may have hereunder or otherwise
than under this Section 6. No party shall be liable for contribution with respect to any action, suit, proceeding or claim settled
without its written consent.

7. Termination.

(a) This Agreement may
be terminated by the Placement Agent, in the absolute discretion of the Placement Agent, by notifying the Company at any time at or before
the Closing Date if (i) trading in the Common Stock has been suspended by the Commission or The Nasdaq Stock Market, (ii) trading
in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. has been suspended or limited, or minimum prices have not been established on securities
whose trades are reported by such service, or on any trading market, (iii) a banking moratorium has been declared either by the United
States or New York State authorities, (iv) there has occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national
or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or (v) any material adverse change in, any financial market which,
in the case of clauses (i) through (v), in the reasonable judgment of the Placement Agent, makes it impracticable or inadvisable
to market the Securities or enforce contracts for the sale of the Securities.

(b) If this Agreement
is terminated pursuant to any of its provisions, the Company shall not be under any liability to Placement Agent, and the Placement Agent
shall not be under any liability to the Company, except that if this Agreement is terminated by the Placement Agent because of any failure,
refusal or inability on the part of the Company to comply with the terms or to fulfill any of the conditions of this Agreement or the
other Transaction Documents, the Company will reimburse the Placement Agent for all out-of-pocket expenses (including the reasonable fees
and disbursements of its counsel) incurred by it in connection with the proposed Offering or in contemplation of performing their obligations
hereunder.

8. Tail Financing. Following the closing
of the Offering, or if the Offering is not consummated and as contemplated by the engagement letter by and between the Company and the
Placement Agent dated March 20, 2025 (the Engagement Letter), the Placement Agent shall be entitled to a cash fee equal
to seven percent (7%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the securities to any investor actually introduced
by the Placement Agent to the Company (the Tail Financing), since March 20, 2025, through the Closing Date (the Engagement
Period) if such Tail Financing is consummated at any time during the Engagement Period or within the twelve (12) month period following
the expiration of the Engagement Period, provided that such financing is by a party actually introduced to the Company in an offering
in which the Company has direct knowledge of such partys participation.

8

9. Miscellaneous. The respective agreements,
representations, warranties, indemnities, rights of contribution and other statements of the Company, and the Placement Agent, as set
forth in this Agreement or made by or on behalf of them pursuant to this Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect, regardless
of any investigation (or any statement as to the results thereof) made by or on behalf of the Placement Agent or the Company or the or
any of their respective officers, directors or controlling persons referred to in Sections 5, 6 and 7 hereof, and shall survive delivery
of and payment for the Securities. In addition, the provisions of Sections 4(b), 5, 6 and 7 shall survive the termination or cancellation
of this Agreement.

This Agreement has been and is made for the benefit
of the Placement Agent, the Company and their respective successors and assigns, and, to the extent expressed herein, for the benefit
of persons controlling the Placement Agent, or the Company, and directors and officers of the Company, and their respective successors
and assigns, and no other person shall acquire or have any right under or by virtue of this Agreement. The term successors and
assigns shall not include any Purchaser merely because of such purchase. The invalidity or unenforceability of any Section, paragraph
or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Section, paragraph or provision hereof. If
any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed
to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

No amendment or waiver of any provision of this
Agreement, nor any consent or approval to any departure therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless and until the same shall be
in writing and signed by the Company and the Placement Agent.

All notices and communications hereunder shall
be in writing and mailed or delivered or by telephone or if subsequently confirmed in writing, or other electronic transmission (a) if
to the Placement Agent, c/o D. Boral Capital LLC, 590 Madison Avenue, 39th Floor, New York, New York 10022 Attention:
Equity Capital Markets, and to Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor, New York, NY
10036, Attention: Darrin Ocasio and (b) if to the Company, to its agent for service as such agents address appears on the
cover page of the Registration Statement.

This Agreement and any claim, controversy or
dispute arising under or related to this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New
York applicable to agreements made and to be performed in such state.

This Agreement may be signed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.
The headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of, or to affect the meaning or interpretation
of, this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written
or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof.

[Signature Page Follows]

9

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets
forth the agreement among us.

Very truly yours, 

INSPIRE VETERINARY PARTNERS, INC. 

By /s/ Kimball Carr 

Name: Kimball Carr 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Confirmed: 

D. BORAL CAPITAL LLC 

By /s/ Phil Wiederlight 

Name: Phil Wiederlight 

Title: Chief Operating Officer 

10

Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses

None.

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea023556401ex99-1_inspire.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED MARCH 25, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Inspire Veterinary Partners Announces up
to $6.0 Million Registered Direct Offering Priced At-The-Market Under Nasdaq Rules

Virginia
Beach, VA, (March 25, 2025) (ACCESSWIRE) - - Inspire Veterinary Partners, Inc. (Nasdaq: IVP) (Inspire or the Company),
an owner and provider of pet health care services throughout the U.S., today announced it has entered
into a securities purchase agreement with an investor to purchase 1,092,896 shares of its common stock (or a pre-funded warrant
in lieu thereof), Series A warrants to purchase 1,092,896 shares of common stock and Series B warrants to purchase 1,092,896 shares of
common stock, pursuant to a registered direct offering
for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $2.0
million before deducting fees and other estimated offering expenses
(the "Offering"). The Series A warrants will be exercisable beginning on the effective date of stockholder approval of the issuance
of the shares underlying the warrants (the "Stockholder Approval Date") and will expire five years from the Stockholder Approval
Date. The Series B warrants will be exercisable beginning on the Stockholder Approval Date and will expire 18 months from the Stockholder
Approval Date. The purchase price for one share of common stock (or pre-funded warrants in lieu thereof) and accompanying two warrants
is $1.83. Approximately $2.0 million will be funded in full upon the closing of the Offering, and up to an additional $4.0 million may
be funded upon full cash exercise of the warrants. No assurance can be given that any of the warrants will be exercised. The offering
is expected to close on or about March 26, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

D. Boral Capital is acting as exclusive
placement agent for the offering.

The Crone Law
Group, PC is acting as legal counsel to Inspire Veterinary Partners, Inc. and Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel
LLP is acting as legal counsel to D. Boral Capital for the offering.

The common stock (or pre-funded warrants in
lieu thereof), warrants and the shares of common stock underlying the warrants described above are being offered by the Company pursuant
to a "shelf" registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282355) that was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "SEC") on October 11, 2024. The offering of the shares of common stock (or pre-funded warrants in lieu thereof),
warrants and the shares of common stock underlying the warrants in the registered direct offering is being made only by means of a prospectus,
including a prospectus supplement, forming a part of the effective registration statement. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying
prospectus relating to the registered direct offering will be filed with the SEC. Electronic copies of the final prospectus supplement
and accompanying prospectus may be obtained, when available, on the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov and may also be obtained, when
available, by contacting D. Boral Capital at 590 Madison Ave 39th Floor, New York, New York 10022, by phone at (212) 970-5150 or e-mail
at info@dboralcapital.com.

This press release shall not constitute an
offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Inspire Veterinary Partners, Inc.

Inspire Veterinary Partners is an owner/operator of veterinary
hospitals in the US. As the Company expands, it expects to acquire additional veterinary hospitals, including general practice, mixed
animal facilities, and critical and emergency care.

For more information, please
visit: www.inspirevet.com.

Connect with Inspire Veterinary Partners, Inc.

Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/InspireVeterinaryPartners/

LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/company/inspire-veterinary-partners/

Forward-Looking Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements regarding the Companys current expectations. These statements are not guarantees
of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Factors that could
cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to, statements by the Company relating to the completion of the offering,
the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the offering, the exercise of the warrants prior to their expiration dates,
the intended use of proceeds from the offering, receipt of Stockholder Approval as well as risks and uncertainties related to the satisfaction
of customary closing conditions related to anticipated acquisitions, or factors that result in changes to the Company's anticipated results
of operations related to acquisitions. These and other risks and uncertainties are described more fully in the section captioned Risk
Factors in the Companys public filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual
Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements contained
in this announcement are made as of this date, and the Company undertakes no duty to update such information except as required under
applicable law.

Investor Contact

TraDigital IR

Kevin McGrath

+1-646-418-7002

kevin@tradigitalir.com

General Inquires

Morgan Wood

Mwood@inspirevet.com

Source: Inspire Veterinary Partners, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex99-1_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ivp-20250325.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ivp-20250325_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ivp-20250325_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 25, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 25, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41792

Entity Registrant Name INSPIRE VETERINARY PARTNERS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001939365

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-4359258

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 780 Lynnhaven Parkway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 400

Entity Address, City or Town Virginia Beach

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 23452

City Area Code 757

Local Phone Number 734-5464

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.0001

Trading Symbol IVP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://inspirevet.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0235564-8k_inspire.htm 
ivp-20250325.xsd 
ivp-20250325_lab.xml 
ivp-20250325_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>0001013762-25-002507-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ea0235564-8k_inspire_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001939365 

2025-03-25 
2025-03-25 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001939365 
8-K 
2025-03-25 
INSPIRE VETERINARY PARTNERS, INC. 
NV 
001-41792 
85-4359258 
780 Lynnhaven Parkway 
Suite 400 
Virginia Beach 
VA 
23452 
757 
734-5464 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 
IVP 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>