<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-002832.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-002832.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117172013
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-002832
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kairos Pharma, LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001962011
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				462993314
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42275
		FILM NUMBER:		25539618

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2355 WESTWOOD BLVD. #139
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90064
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-404-5541

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2355 WESTWOOD BLVD. #139
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90064
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000196201100019620112025-01-162025-01-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 16, 2025

Kairos
Pharma, Ltd.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42275 46-2993314

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

2355
Westwood Blvd., #139

Los
AngelesCA90064

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(310)948-2356

Registrants
telephone number, including area code

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol (s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.001, per share KAPA NYSE
American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

As
previously announced in our Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 14, 2025, on
January 14, 2025, Kairos Pharma, Ltd. (the Company) entered into a securities
purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) and registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights
Agreement) with a select investor that qualifies as an accredited investor (the PIPE Investor)
for the sale and issuance of 2,500,000 units (the Pre-Funded Units), with
each Pre-Funded Unit consisting of a pre-funded warrant (each a Pre-Funded
Warrant) to purchase one share of common stock, exercisable for $0.001 per share (the Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares), and a common warrant (Common Warrant)
to purchase one and one half shares of common stock, exercisable at $1.40 per share (the Common
Warrant Shares). On January 16, 2025, the Company closed on the sale of the
Pre-Funded Units for a total purchase price of $3,497,500 (or $1.399 per Pre-Funded
Unit), with an additional $2,500 payable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants in full (the
Offering). Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company is obligated to file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a resale registration statement registering the Pre-Funded
Units within 15 days of closing and to obtain effectiveness within 30 days thereafter,
subject to SEC review.

In
advance of closing, on January 16, 2025, the Company and the investor entered into an amended and restated securities purchase agreement
(the A&R Purchase Agreement), which amended the terms of the Purchase Agreement to include a requirement that the Company
obtain shareholder approval prior to issuing in excess of 19.99% of the Companys common stock and also amended the Common
Warrantsto make them
immediately exercisable and reduce the exercise
period from 5.5 years to five years. Other terms of the agreements remained the same.

Boustead
Securities, LLC (Boustead) and D. Boral Capital LLC (D. Boral) acted as co-placement agents for the offering.
In conjunction therewith, on January 16, 2025, the Company entered into a placement agent and advisory services agreement (the Placement
Agent Agreement) with Boustead. Under the terms of the Placement Agent Agreement, at closing the Company paid the placement agents
(i) a cash commission equal to 8% of the gross proceeds (including a 1% non-accountable expense fee) and (ii) warrants (the PA
Warrants) to purchase a total of 175,000 shares of common stock, exercisable at $1.40 per share (the PA Warrant Shares),
with the total cash and warrant compensation split equally between Boustead and D. Boral.

The
foregoing descriptions of the material terms of the A&R Purchase Agreement, the Pre-FundedWarrants, the CommonWarrants, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Placement
Agent Agreement and the PA Warrants do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full texts
of such agreements, which are filed herewith andincorporated
herein by reference as Exhibits 10.1, 4.1, 4.2, 10.2, 10.3 and 4.3, respectively.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities.

The
information contained in Item 1.01 relating to the Offering is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Pre-Funded
Warrants, the Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares, the Common
Warrants, the Common
Warrant Shares, the PA Warrants and the PA Warrant
Shares are being sold and/or issued without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act)in reliance
on the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as a transaction not involving a public offering and/or Rule 506(b)
of Regulation D promulgated thereunder as well as available exemptions under applicable state securities laws.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

4.1 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 14, 2025).

4.2* Form of Common Warrants

4.3* Form of Placement Agent Warrants

10.1* Form of Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement

10.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 14, 2025).

10.3* Placement Agent Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, between Kairos Pharma, Ltd. and Boustead Securities LLC.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within Inline XBRL document)

*Filed
herewith.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
January 17, 2025 KAIROS
PHARMA, LTD.

By: /s/
John S. Yu

John
S. Yu

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.2

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

KAIROS
PHARMA, LTD.

Warrant Shares:3,750,000 Issue
Date: January 16, 2025

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (this Warrant) certifies that,
for value received, [ ] or its assigns (the
Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after January 16, 2025(the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00
p.m. (New York City time) on January 15, 2030(the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and
purchase from Kairos Pharma, Ltd., a corporation incorporated under the law of the State of Delaware (the
Company), up to 3,750,000 shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares)
of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined
in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated, January 14, 2025 and as amended and restated on January
16, 2024, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless
the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable after the date
on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain
records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any
Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s)
of Exercise delivered on or prior to 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Date prior to the Initial Exercise Date, which may
be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject
to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share
Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise)
is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree
that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number
of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $1.40, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

1

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, other than as a result of the Company updating
the existing registration stamen or otherwise responding to SEC comments, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part,
at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)= as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant
to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading
hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities
laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price
of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg)
as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such
Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day
and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the
close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice
of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant
to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

(B)= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance
with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than
a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company
agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best Market
(OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices
for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by the OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale
limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered
in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder
is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest
of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the
aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery
to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice
of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect
to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the
number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for
any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise
(based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per
Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date
until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant
in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any
Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at
any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s)
by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date
for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received
by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

3

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is solely
due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker
to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common
Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the
Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder confirm the number of shares of Common
Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the
conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since
the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number
of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. However, in no event will the aggregate
shares of Common Stock issuable under the Warrant, in combination with shares issued under the Pre-Funded Warrant, exceed 19.99% of the
Companys outstanding Common Stock as of the date of entry into the Securities Purchase Agreement without first receiving approval
of the Companys stockholders, whether through holding a stockholder meeting or obtaining majority stockholder approval as soon
as reasonably practical through resolutions and filing an information statement on Schedule 14C. In the event the Company does not obtain
stockholder approval through filing an information statement on Schedule 14C, the Company will seek shareholder approval on this natter
in its proxy statement for its annual stockholders meeting, which will occur after the Company files its annual report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

5

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
[Reserved]

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all (or
substantially all) of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the
Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent
(or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to
such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

6

e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, in which the company is not
the surviving entity (ii) the Company (all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license,
assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions,
(iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed
pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property
and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common
equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately
prior to such transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction,
or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
(not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with
the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option
of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock
of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the
Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares
of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of
one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash, or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall
be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Black Scholes Value means the
value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined
as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest
rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of (1) the 30 day volatility,
(2) the 100 day volatility or (3) the 365 day volatility, each of clauses (1)-(3) as obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined
utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated
Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the highest VWAP during the period beginning
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation
of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section
3(e) and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer
of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of five Business Days of the Holders election and
(ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction
in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the
Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written
agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option
of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument
substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock
of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this
Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise
price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares
of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital
stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any
such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such
Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall
refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named
as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(e)
regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii)
whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

7

For
the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the offering and other transactions contemplated by the Purchase
Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute a Fundamental Transaction for purposes hereof.

f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

8

h)
Voluntary Adjustment by Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during
the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board
of directors of the Company.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof
and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation,
any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company
or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment and shall issue to the
assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public
information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or
transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

9

e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

10

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action, which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

11

h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on
the one hand, and the Holder or the beneficial owner of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

12

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

KAIROS
PHARMA, LTD.

By: 

Name: John
S. Yu, M.D.

Title: 

Chief
Executive Officer

13

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

TO:
KAIROS PHARMA, LTD.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

[if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

(4)
Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ___________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _____________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory:_______________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________________________________

Date:
___________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
______________ ,___________

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.3

THESE
WARRANTS AND ANY SHARES ACQUIRED UPON THE EXERCISE HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED, OR UNDER ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THESE WARRANTS AND SUCH SHARES AND ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN OR THEREIN
MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM UNDER SUCH ACT AND UNDER ANY APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THESE WARRANTS AND SUCH SHARES MAY NOT BE EXERCISED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT UPON THE CONDITIONS SPECIFIED IN THIS
WARRANT CERTIFICATE, AND NO EXERCISE OR TRANSFER OF THESE WARRANTS OR TRANSFER OF SUCH SHARES SHALL BE VALID OR EFFECTIVE UNLESS AND
UNTIL SUCH CONDITIONS SHALL HAVE BEEN COMPLIED WITH.

KAIROS
PHARMA, LTD.

Form
of Placement Agent Warrant To Purchase Common Stock

Warrant
No.: PA-X

Date
of Issuance: January 16, 2025 (Issuance Date)

Kairos
Pharma, Ltd., a corporation incorporated under the law of the State of Delaware (the Company), hereby certifies
that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, ________________________________,
the registered holder hereof or its permitted assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth
below, to purchase from the Company, at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect, of common stock, par value $0.001 (Common
Stock) (including any Warrants to purchase shares issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, the Warrant),
at any time or times on or after the date hereof, to the extent permitted by the applicable SEC and FINRA rules, but not after 11:59
p.m., Eastern Time, on the Expiration Date (as defined below), ________ (subject to adjustment as provided herein) fully paid
and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares).

1

1.
EXERCISE OF WARRANT.

(a)
Mechanics of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder on any day on or
after the date hereof, to the extent permitted by the applicable SEC and FINRA rules, in whole or in part, by delivery (whether via facsimile,
email, or otherwise) of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice),
of the Holders election to exercise this Warrant, by submitting information including the then-applicable Exercise Price, number
of Warrant Shares purchased equal to or lower than the then-applicable number of Warrant Shares and the FMV (collectively, the Exercise
Information). Within one (1) Trading Day following an exercise of this Warrant as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver payment
to the Company of an amount equal to the Exercise Price in effect on the date of such exercise multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares
as to which this Warrant was so exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price) in cash or via wire transfer of immediately
available funds if, subject to the provisions of Section 1(d), the Holder has not notified the Company in such Exercise Notice that such
exercise is made pursuant to a Cashless Exercise (as defined in Section 1(d)) at a time and under circumstances which permit a Cashless
Exercise. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original of this Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Execution
and delivery of an Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the Warrant Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of
the original of this Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares. Execution
and delivery of an Exercise Notice for all of the then-remaining Warrant Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original
of this Warrant after delivery of the Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. On or before the first (1st) Trading
Day following the date on which the Company has received an Exercise Notice, upon checking that the Exercise Information supplied by
the Holder is accurate, the Company shall transmit by facsimile or email an acknowledgment of confirmation of receipt of such Exercise
Notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, to the Holder and the Companys transfer agent (the Transfer
Agent). On or before the third (3rd) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received such Exercise
Notice and, in the event that the Holder has chosen to exercise in cash, the receipt of the payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price,
the Company shall instruct the Transfer Agent to issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant
to such exercise and to, at the sole direction of the Holder pursuant to the Exercise Notice, hold such Warrant Shares in electronic
form at the Transfer Agent registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee (as indicated in
the applicable Exercise Notice), or mail to the Holder or, at the Holders instruction pursuant to the Exercise Notice, the Holders
agent or designee, in each case, sent by reputable overnight courier to the address as specified in the applicable Exercise Notice, a
certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee (as indicated in the applicable
Exercise Notice). Upon delivery of an Exercise Notice and in the event that the Holder has chosen to exercise in cash, the Companys
receipt of the payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder
of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates
evidencing such Warrant Shares (as the case may be). If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise pursuant to this Section
1(a) and the total number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired by
the Holder upon an exercise, then, at the request of the Holder, the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than
three (3) Business Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a new Warrant (in
accordance with Section 7(d)) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise
under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. No fractional Warrant Shares are
to be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but rather the number of Warrant Shares to be issued shall be rounded up to the nearest
whole number. The Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company in respect of
the issuance or delivery of Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant, but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any transfer
taxes in respect of this Warrant or such shares.

2

(b)
Exercise Price. For purposes of this Warrant, Exercise Price initially means $1.40 subject to further adjustment
as provided herein.

(c)
Companys Failure to Timely Deliver Securities. If the Company shall fail, for any reason or for no reason, to issue to
the Holder within three (3) Trading Days after receipt of the applicable Exercise Notice, a certificate for the number of Warrant Shares
to which the Holder is entitled (or, at the option of the Holders, a book-entry confirmation of the issuance of such Warrant Shares)
and register such Warrant Shares on the Companys share register, the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise. In addition
to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company shall fail, for any reason or for no reason, to issue to the Holder within
three (3) Trading Days after receipt of the applicable Exercise Notice, a certificate for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder
is entitled (or, at the option of the Holders, a book-entry confirmation of the issuance of such Warrant Shares) and register such Warrant
Shares on the Companys share register and if on or after such third (3rd) Trading Day the Holder (or any other Person
in respect, or on behalf, of the Holder) purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of all or any portion of the number of Warrant Shares, or a sale of a number of Warrant Shares equal to all or
any portion of the number of Warrant Shares, issuable upon such exercise that the Holder so anticipated receiving from the Company, then,
in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, the Company shall, within three (3) Business Days after the Holders
request and in the Holders discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holders total purchase
price (including reasonable brokerage commissions and other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the Warrant Shares so purchased
(including, without limitation, by any other Person in respect, or on behalf, of the Holder) (the Buy-In Price),
at which point the Companys obligation to so issue and deliver such certificate or credit the Holders balance account with
DTC for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders exercise hereunder (as the case may be)
(and to issue such Warrant Shares) shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to so issue and deliver to the Holder a certificate
or certificates representing such Warrant Shares or credit the Holders balance account with DTC for the number of Warrant Shares
to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders exercise hereunder (as the case may be) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount
equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of Warrant Shares multiplied by (B) the lowest Closing
Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the applicable Exercise Notice and ending
on the date of such issuance and payment under this clause (ii).

(d)
Cashless Exercise. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Holder may, in its sole discretion, exercise
this Warrant in whole or in part and, in lieu of making the cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made to the Company upon such exercise
in payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price, elect instead to receive upon such exercise the Net Number of Warrant Shares
determined according to the following formula (a Cashless Exercise), provided that the Holder may elect to cashless
exercise pursuant to this Section 1(d) only if B as set forth in the following formula is higher than C as set forth in the following
formula:

Net
Number = (A x B) - (A x C)

B

For
purposes of the foregoing formula:

A=
the total number of shares with respect to which this Warrant is then being exercised.

B=
the FMV

C=
the Exercise Price then in effect for the applicable Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise.

3

(e)
Disputes. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the number of
Warrant Shares to be issued pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall promptly issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares
that are not disputed and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 14.

(f)
Intentionally Left Blank. 

(g)
Insufficient Authorized Shares. The Company shall at all times keep reserved for issuance under this Warrant a number of shares
of Common Stock as shall be necessary to satisfy the Companys obligation to issue Warrant Shares hereunder (without regard to
any limitation otherwise contained herein with respect to the number of Warrant Shares that may be acquirable upon exercise of this Warrant).
If, notwithstanding the foregoing, and not in limitation thereof, at any time while the Warrant remains outstanding the Company does
not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its obligation to reserve for issuance upon
exercise of the Warrant at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time
to time be necessary to effect the exercise of the Warrant then outstanding (the Required Reserve Amount) (an Authorized
Share Failure), then the Company shall immediately take all action necessary to increase the Companys authorized shares
of Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for the Warrant then outstanding.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share
Failure, but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall hold a meeting
of its stockholders for the approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting,
the Company shall provide each stockholder with a proxy statement and shall use its best efforts to solicit its stockholders approval
of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the stockholders that they
approve such proposal.

2.
ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF WARRANT
SHARES. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time
to time as set forth in this Section 2.

(a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. Without limiting any provision of Section 4, if the Company, at any time on or after the date hereof,
(i) pays a stock dividend on one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on
any class of capital stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization
or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines (by
combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number
of shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant
to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination.
If any event requiring an adjustment under this paragraph occurs during the period that an Exercise Price is calculated hereunder, then
the calculation of such Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event.

4

(b)
Intentionally Left Blank.

(c)
Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to only paragraph (a) of this Section
2, the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately,
so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant Shares shall be the same
as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained
herein).

(d)
Other Events. In the event that the Company (or any subsidiary) shall take any action to which the provisions hereof are not strictly
applicable, or, if applicable, would not operate to protect the Holder from dilution or if any event occurs of the type contemplated
by the provisions of this Section 2 but not expressly provided for by such provisions (including, without limitation, the granting of
stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features), then the Companys board of directors shall
in good faith determine and implement an appropriate adjustment in the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares (if applicable)
so as to protect the rights of the Holder, provided that no such adjustment pursuant to this Section 2(d) will increase the Exercise
Price or decrease the number of Warrant Shares as otherwise determined pursuant to this Section 2, provided further that if the Holder
does not accept such adjustments as appropriately protecting its interests hereunder against such dilution, then the Companys
board of directors and the Holder shall agree, in good faith, upon an independent investment bank of nationally recognized standing to
make such appropriate adjustments, whose determination shall be final and binding and whose fees and expenses shall be borne by the Company.

(e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 2 shall be made by rounding to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th
of a share, as applicable. The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or
held by or for the account of the Company, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of Common Stock.

3.
RIGHTS UPON DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS. In addition
to any adjustments pursuant to Section 2 above, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets
(or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without
limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon a complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof) immediately before the date on which a record is taken
for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined
for the participation in such Distribution.

5

4.
PURCHASE RIGHTS; FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS.

(a)
Purchase Rights. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 2 above, if at any time while the Warrant remains outstanding
and before the Expiration Date, the Company grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock,
warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase
Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase
Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon a complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the
grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of
Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

(b)
Fundamental Transactions. During the term of this Warrant, the Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction
unless the Successor Entity assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 4(b) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, including agreements to
deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant, including, without limitation, which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares
of capital stock equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to
any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the
exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant
to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such adjustments to the number of shares of capital stock
and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction). Upon the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be
substituted for (so that from and after the date of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right
and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. Upon consummation of each Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall deliver to the Holder confirmation that there shall be issued upon exercise of this Warrant at any time after
the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the shares of Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets
or other property (except such items still issuable under Sections 3 and 4(a) above, which shall continue to be receivable thereafter))
issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction, such shares of publicly traded Common Stock
(or its equivalent) of the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the
happening of the applicable Fundamental Transaction had this Warrant been exercised immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction
(without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant), as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section 4(b) to permit
the Fundamental Transaction without the assumption of this Warrant. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder,
prior to the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive
securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate Event), the Company
shall make appropriate provision to insure that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon an exercise of this Warrant
at any time after the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction but prior to the Expiration Date, in lieu of the shares
of the Common Stock Shares (or other securities, cash, assets or other property (except such items still issuable under Sections 3 and
4(a) above, which shall continue to be receivable thereafter)) issuable upon the exercise of the Warrant prior to such Fundamental Transaction,
such shares of stock, securities, cash, assets or any other property whatsoever (including warrants or other purchase or subscription
rights) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of the applicable Fundamental Transaction had this Warrant
been exercised immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this
Warrant). Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder.

6

(c)
Application. The provisions of this Section 4 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and Corporate
Events and shall be applied as if this Warrant (and any such subsequent warrants) were fully exercisable and without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of this Warrant.

5.
NONCIRCUMVENTION. The Company hereby covenants
and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer
of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid
or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all
the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of the Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant
above the Exercise Price then in effect, (b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (c) shall,
so long as the Warrant is outstanding, take all action necessary to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares
of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the exercise of the Warrant, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock as shall
from time to time be necessary to effect the exercise of the Warrant then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on exercise).

6.
WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER. Except
as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in its capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote
or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant
be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in its capacity as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the
Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification
of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise,
prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant.
In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities
(upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company. Notwithstanding this Section 6, the Company shall provide the Holder with copies of the same notices
and other information given to the stockholders of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the giving thereof to the stockholders.

7

7.
REISSUANCE OF WARRANTS.

(a)
Transfer of Warrant. If this Warrant is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company, whereupon the
Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)), registered as
the Holder may request, representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and, if less
than the total number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant is being transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance with Section
7(d)) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares not being transferred.

(b)
Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss,
theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall
suffice as such evidence), and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company
in customary and reasonable form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company shall execute
and deliver to the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then
underlying this Warrant.

(c)
Exchangeable for Multiple Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office
of the Company, for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the
number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of
such Warrant Shares as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided, however, no warrants for fractional shares
of Common Stock shall be given.

(d)
Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such
new Warrant (i) shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the right
to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 7(a) or
Section 7(c), the Warrant Shares designated by the Holder which, when added to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the other
new Warrants issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant), (iii)
shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date, and (iv) shall have
the same rights and conditions as this Warrant.

8

8.
NOTICES;PAYMENTS. 

(a)
The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Warrant, including in reasonable
detail a description of such action and the reason therefor. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will give
written notice to the Holder (i) immediately upon each adjustment of the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares, setting forth
in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment(s) and (ii) at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date on
which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock,
(B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities
or other property to holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction,
dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction
with such notice being provided to the Holder and (iii) at least ten (10) Trading Days prior to the consummation of any Fundamental Transaction.
To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or
any of its subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. It
is expressly understood and agreed that the time of execution specified by the Holder in each Exercise Notice shall be definitive and
may not be disputed or challenged by the Company.

(b)
Payments. Whenever any payment is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Warrant, such payment shall be made
in lawful money of the United States of America via wire transfer of U.S. Dollars in immediately available funds in accordance with the
Holders wire transfer instructions delivered to the Company on or prior to such payment date or, in the absence of such instructions,
by a certified check drawn on the account of the Company and sent via overnight courier service to such Person at such address as previously
provided to the Company in writing.

9.
AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. Except as otherwise provided
herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act
herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder. No waiver shall be effective
unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

10.
SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Warrant
is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that
would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid
and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of
this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties
as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially
impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise
be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable
provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable
provision(s).

9

11.
GOVERNING LAW. This Warrant shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance
of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict
of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of
any jurisdiction other than the State of New York. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal
courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit,
action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding
is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or
operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect
on the Companys obligations to the Holder or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder. If service of
process is effected pursuant to the above sentence, such service will be deemed sufficient under New York law and the Company shall not
assert otherwise. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by
law. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION
OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

12.
Reserved.

13.
CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS. This Warrant shall be
deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any Person as the drafter hereof. The headings
of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Warrant. Terms used
in this Warrant but defined in the other Transaction Documents shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on the Closing Date in
such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder.

14.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION. In the case of a dispute
as to the determination of the Exercise Price or FMV or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares (as the case may be), the Company
or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations (as the case may be) via facsimile
(a) within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the applicable notice giving rise to such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as
the case may be) or (b) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise
to such dispute (including, without limitation, as to whether any issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale was an issuance or sale
or deemed issuance or sale of Excluded Securities). If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation
(as the case may be) of the Exercise Price, or FMV or the number of Warrant Shares (as the case may be) within three (3) Business Days
of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be), then the
Company shall, within two (2) Business Days submit via facsimile (i) the disputed determination of the Exercise Price or FMV (as the
case may be) to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Holder or (ii) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Warrant
Shares to the Companys independent, outside accountant. The Company shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant
(as the case may be) to perform the determinations or calculations (as the case may be) and notify the Company and the Holder of the
results no later than ten (10) Business Days from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations (as the case may
be). Such investment banks or accountants determination or calculation (as the case may be) shall be binding upon all parties
absent demonstrable error.

10

15.
REMEDIES, CHARACTERIZATION, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES
AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Warrant shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available
under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other
injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Company to
comply with the terms of this Warrant. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument
other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, exercises and the like (and
the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject
to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations
hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore
agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, in addition to all other
available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other
security being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to
enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Warrant (including, without limitation,
compliance with Section 2 hereof). The issuance of shares and certificates for shares as contemplated hereby upon the exercise of this
Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder or such shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof, provided that
the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery
of any certificate in a name other than the Holder or its agent on its behalf.

16.
TRANSFER. This Warrant may be offered for sale,
sold, transferred or assigned without the consent of the Company.

17.
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant,
the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)

(b)
Bloomberg means Bloomberg, L.P.

(c)
Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New
York are authorized or required by law to remain closed.

11

(d)
Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing trade price for such security on the
Eligible Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Eligible Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate
the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or,
if the Eligible Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last trade price of such security
on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing
does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security
as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no last trade price is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the ask prices of any
market makers for such security as reported in the pink sheets by Pink Sheets LLC (formerly the National Quotation Bureau,
Inc.). If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing
Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the
Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance
with the procedures in Section 14. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split,
stock combination or other similar transaction during such period.

(e)
Convertible Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any
circumstances, directly or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to acquire, any shares of Common Stock.

(f)
Eligible Market means The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq
Global Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(g)
Expiration Date means the date that is five years from the Issuance Date, or, if such date falls on a day other
than a Business Day or on which trading does not take place on the Eligible Market (a Holiday), the next date that
is not a Holiday.

(h)
FINRA means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. in the United States.

(i)
Fundamental Transaction means that (i) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions, (A) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is the
surviving corporation) any other Person, or (B) sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially
all of its respective properties or assets to any other Person, or (C) allow any other Person to make a purchase, tender or exchange
offer that is accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Voting Stock of the Company (not including any shares
of Voting Stock of the Company held by the Person or Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the Persons making
or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer), or (D) consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination
(including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with any other Person whereby
such other Person acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Voting Stock of the Company (not including any shares of Voting
Stock of the Company held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons
making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination), or (E) (1) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify
the Common Stock, (2) effect or consummate a stock combination, reverse stock split or other similar transaction involving the Common
Stock or (3) make any public announcement or disclosure with respect to any stock combination, reverse stock split or other similar transaction
involving the Common Stock (including, without limitation, any public announcement or disclosure of (a) any potential, possible or actual
stock combination, reverse stock split or other similar transaction involving the Common Stock or (b) board or stockholder approval thereof,
or the intention of the Company to seek board or stockholder approval of any stock combination, reverse stock split or other similar
transaction involving the Common Stock), or (ii) any person or group (as these terms are used for purposes
of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) is or shall become the beneficial
owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, of 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented
by issued and outstanding Voting Stock of the Company.

12

(j)
Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible
Securities.

(k)
Parent Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose
Common Stock or equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent
Entity, the Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

(l)
Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust,
an unincorporated organization, any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(m)
SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

(n)
Successor Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from
or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental
Transaction shall have been entered into.

(o)
Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Eligible Market, or, if the Eligible Market
is not the principal trading market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the
Common Stock is then traded, provided that Trading Day shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled
to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final
hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on
such exchange or market, then during the hour ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time) unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading
Day in writing by the Holder.

(p)
Voting Stock of a Person means capital stock of such Person of the class or classes pursuant to which the holders
thereof have the general voting power to elect, or the general power to appoint, at least a majority of the board of directors, managers
or trustees of such Person (irrespective of whether or not at the time capital stock of any other class or classes shall have or might
have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency).

(q)
FMV means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common
Stock is then listed or quoted on a Eligible Market, the value shall be deemed to be the highest daily price on any trading day on such
Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on New York City time) during
the twenty trading days preceding the exercise, (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not an Eligible Market, the value shall be deemed to be the
highest daily price on any trading day on the OTCQB or OTCQX on which the Common Stock is then quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on New York City time) during the twenty trading days preceding the exercise, as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed
or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets published
by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the OTC Markets
Group, the value shall be deemed to be the highest daily price on any trading day on the Pink Sheets on which the Common Stock
is then quoted as reported by OTC Markets Group (based on New York City time) during the twenty trading days preceding the exercise,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

[signature
page follows]

13

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out
above.

KAIROS PHARMA, LTD. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT
A

EXERCISE
NOTICE

TO
BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS

WARRANT
TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

KAIROS
PHARMA, LTd.

The
undersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase _________________ Common Stock (Warrant Shares) of Kairos
Pharma, Ltd., a corporation incorporated under the law of the State of Delaware (the Company), evidenced by Warrant
to Purchase Common Stock No. _______ (the Warrant). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall
have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

1.
Form of Exercise Price. The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as:

____________ a
Cash Exercise with respect to _________________ Warrant Shares; and/or

____________ a
Cashless Exercise with respect to _______________ Warrant Shares.

In
the event that the Holder has elected a Cashless Exercise with respect to some or all of the Warrant Shares to be issued pursuant hereto,
the Holder hereby represents and warrants that (i) this Exercise Notice was executed by the Holder on the date set forth below and (ii)
if applicable, the FMV as of the date prior to the date of the Exercise Notice was $________.]

1.
Form of Exercise Price. The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as a Cash Exercise.]

2.
Payment of Exercise Price. In the event that the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise with respect to some or all of the Warrant
Shares to be issued pursuant hereto, the Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $___________________ to the Company
in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

3.
Delivery of Warrant Shares. The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below, __________ Warrant
Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Check here if requesting delivery as a certificate to the following name and to the following address:

Issue
to: 

Check here if requesting delivery by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian as follows: 

DTC
Participant: 

DTC
Number: 

Account
Number: 

Date: _____________ __, __________________________ 

Name of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax ID:_______________________________________ 

Facsimile: _____________________________________ 

EXHIBIT
B

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The
Company hereby acknowledges this Exercise Notice and hereby directs ______________ to issue the above indicated number of shares of Common
Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated _________, 20__, from the Company and acknowledged and agreed to by _______________.

KAIROS PHARMA, LTD.

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 16, 2025, between
Kairos Pharma, Ltd., a corporation incorporated under the law of the State of Delaware (the Company), and each
purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and
collectively, the Purchasers), amends and restates the securities and purchase agreement, dated January 14,
2025, between the Company and the Purchasers.

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser,
severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act (as defined below) and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

1

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the obligation each Purchaser to pay its Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
shares of Common Stock at any time, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument
that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, shares
of Common Stock.

Common
Warrants means the common stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a)
hereof, which Warrants shall be exercisable for shares of Common Stock commencing upon the initial issue date and have
a term of exercise equal to five (5) years, in the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto.

Common
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants.

Common
Units means each Common Unit consisting of (a) one Share and (b) 1.5 Common Warrants.

Common
Unit Purchase Price equals $1.40 per each Common Unit, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends,
stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Common
Unit Subscription Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Common Units hereunder as specified
below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Common Unit Subscription Amount,
in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Company
Counsel means Dorsey & Whitney LLP.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to purchase shares of Common Stock or other securities
to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority
of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or by a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established
for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities
issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number
of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection
with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic
transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement
in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to
a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset
in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment
of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital
or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, (d) any earn-out compensation in the form of Company-issued securities
upon achievement of certain milestones by the Company in connection with any executed acquisition or strategic transaction documents
entered into by the Company in effect as of the date hereof, and (e) warrants to the Placement Agent in connection with the transactions
pursuant to this Agreement and any securities upon exercise of warrants to the Placement Agent.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
with respect to the Company means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $150,000 (other than trade accounts
payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of
indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the
notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary
course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $150,000 due under leases required to be capitalized
in accordance with GAAP.

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Investment
Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

3

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up
Agreement means the Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company and the directors, officers,
and holders of 10% or more of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company, in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Money
Laundering Laws shall have the meaning to such term in Section 3.1(ss).

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agent means D. Boral Capital LLC and Boustead Securities LLC.

Placement
Agent Counsel means Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP.

Prefunded
Units means each Prefunded Unit consisting of (a) one Prefunded Warrant to purchase one Prefunded Warrant Share and (b)1.5
Common Warrants to purchase 1.5 Common Warrant Shares.

Prefunded
Unit Purchase Price equals $1.399 per Prefunded Unit, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends,
stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Prefunded
Unit Subscription Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Prefunded Units purchased hereunder
as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Prefunded Unit
Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Pre-Funded
Warrants means the pre-funded common stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing, which Pre-Funded
Warrants shall be issued pursuant to the Registration Statement, exercisable immediately and shall expire when exercised in full, in
the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto.

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares means shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

4

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Public
Information Failure shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.2(b).

Public
Information Failure Payments shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.2(b).

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated on or about the date hereof, among the Company and the Purchasers,
in the form of Exhibit C hereto.

Registration
Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering
the resale by the Purchasers of the Shares, the Common Warrant Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Common Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Common Warrant Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

5

Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary
Trading Market with respect to shares of Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Shares or Warrant
Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend.

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the Common Unit Subscription Amount and/or the Prefunded Unit Subscription Amount, as
applicable.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which shares of Common Stock are listed or quoted for trading on
the date in question: The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq
Global Select Market, the OTCQB Venture Market or the OTCQX Best Market (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Lock-Up Agreements,
together with all exhibits and schedules hereto and thereto, and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions
contemplated herein or therein.

Transfer
Agent means Vstock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Place,
Woodmere, New York 11598, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b).

Units
means, collectively, the Common Units and the Prefunded Units.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or OTCQX Best Market
(OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices
for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means, collectively, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Common Warrants.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

6

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase,
up to an aggregate of three million five hundred thousand dollars ($3,500,000) of Shares and Common Warrants; provided, however, that,
to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers Affiliates,
and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially own in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below), or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Common
Units such Purchaser may elect to purchase Prefunded Units at the Prefunded Unit Purchase Price in lieu of the Common Units. Beneficial
Ownership Limitation means 4.99% (or, at the election of the Purchaser, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Securities on the Closing Date. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as
set forth on the signature page hereto has been executed by such Purchaser, and shall be made available via release from escrow. The
Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and (or, if applicable, Pre-Funded Warrants) and Common Warrants, as determined
pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at
the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall take place at the
offices of Company Counsel or such other location (or remotely by electronic means) as the parties shall mutually agree.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser and the Placement Agent the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a
legal opinion of Company Counsel, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and each of the Purchasers;

(iii) a
copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver, on an expedited basis, a certificate
evidencing a number of Shares equal to such Purchasers Common Unit Subscription Amount divided by the Common Unit Purchase Price,
registered in the name of such Purchaser, or, at the election of such Purchaser, evidence of the issuance of such Purchasers Shares
hereunder as held in DRS book-entry form by the Transfer Agent and registered in the name of such Purchaser, which evidence shall be
reasonably satisfactory to such Purchaser;

7

(iv) to
each Purchaser purchasing Common Units, Common Warrants registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares
of Common Stock as set forth in the Common Warrant, with an exercise price equal to $1.40;

(v) to
each Purchaser purchasing Prefunded Units, (i) a Prefunded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number
of shares of Common Stock as set forth in the Prefunded Warrant, with an exercise price equal to $0.001; and (ii) Common Warrants registered
in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock as set forth in the Common Warrant, with an exercise
price equal to $1.40;

(vi) the
Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief
Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(vii) the
Lock-Up Agreements;

(viii) the
Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by the Company, and

(ix) a
duly executed and delivered Officers Certificate, in customary form reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and its counsel.

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;

(ii) such
Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the Company
or its designee and

(iii) the
Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser.

8

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) when
made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein
in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality,
in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date;

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company;

(v) from
the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in shares of Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

9

2.4
Post-Closing Covenant. The Company will use its best efforts to seek majority shareholder approval through resolution and filing
a Schedule 14C Information Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the event the Company is unable to obtain shareholder
approval through filing a Schedule 14C, the Company will hold a special or annual meeting of stockholders no later than the 130th calendar
date following the date hereof for the purpose of seeking the Shareholder Approval, with the recommendation of the Companys Board
of Directors that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the
same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies
in favor of such proposal at such meeting. If the Company does not obtain Shareholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall
call a meeting every one hundred twenty (120) days thereafter to seek Shareholder Approval until the earlier of the date on which Shareholder
Approval is obtained or the New Warrants are no longer outstanding.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part
hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section
of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them
in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the law of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is
in violation of nor default under any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material
adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect
on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect)
provided, however, that Material Adverse Effect shall not include any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change, directly
or indirectly, arising out of or attributable to: (i) general economic or political conditions, (ii) conditions generally affecting the
industry in which the Company operates, (iii) any changes in financial or securities markets in general, (iv) acts of war (whether or
not declared), armed hostilities or terrorism, or the escalation or worsening thereof, (v) any pandemic, epidemics or human health crises
(including COVID-19), (vi) any changes in applicable laws or accounting rules, (vii) the announcement, pendency or completion of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, or (viii) any action required or permitted by the Transaction Documents or any
action taken (or omitted to be taken) with the written consent of or at the written request of Purchaser) and no Proceeding has been
instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority
or qualification.

10

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders for such authorization. Each of this Agreement
and each of other Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the
Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the
Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights
generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies
and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No
Conflicts. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(d), the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or
any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict
with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation
of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement,
credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii)
subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction,
decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal
and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except
in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

11

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required
pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing of a registration statement with the Commission pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement and other filings with the Commission relating thereto, (iii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading
Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and
manner required thereby, and (iv) the filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable
state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than
restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the
Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other
than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock
the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants.

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall
also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof.
The Company has not issued any shares of capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than
pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock
to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock
Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of
first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe
to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any
Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to
issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the
Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of capital stock or other securities to any Person (other
than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts
the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any
Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar
provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may
become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom
stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws,
and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.
No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the
Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys
capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

12

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two
years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein
as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any
such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer
subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at
the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial
statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly
present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof
and the consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to
normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or
that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant
to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment
of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no
event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with
respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition
that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed
made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j) Litigation.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable
decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director
or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities
laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission
has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary
under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) [Reserved]

13

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental
authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including
without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety,
product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in
each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and the payment of which
is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

14

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the
rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the
Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the
Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality
and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Insurance.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(q), the Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility
against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries
are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as
and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without
a significant increase in cost.

(r) Transactions
with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of the Company or
any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any
transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

15

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. Other than as set forth in the Companys SEC filings, the Company and the Subsidiaries are in
compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date
hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof
and as of the Closing Date. Except for any weaknesses over interna controls set forth in the Companys SEC filings, the Company
and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted
only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared
with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the
Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company
and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed
periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal
control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t) Certain
Fees. Except for fees payable by the Company to the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will
be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker,
bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation
with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this
Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated hereby.
The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

16

(v) Investment
Company Act. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not
be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Company shall conduct
its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment
Company Act.

(w) Registration
Rights. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(w), other than each of the Purchasers, no Person has any right to cause the Company or
any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(x) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is
or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such
Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance
with all such listing and maintenance requirements. Shares of Common Stock are currently eligible for electronic transfer through the
Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository
Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(y) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys articles of incorporation, as amended (or similar charter documents) or the laws of
its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling
their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys
issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(z) Disclosure.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(z) and except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the
Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and
correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated
by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that
no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those
specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

17

(aa) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither
the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or
sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any
such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of
the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(bb) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount
that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent
liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as
now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of
the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the
current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(bb) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding
secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(cc) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all
foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid
all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for
periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount
claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis
for any such claim.

18

(dd) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and
certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(ee) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to
foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
(iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of
which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(ff) Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is set forth on Schedule 3.1(ff) of the Disclosure Schedules. To the knowledge and belief
of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express
its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December
31, 2024..

(gg) No
Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated
by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company
is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any
of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents. 

(hh)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

19

(ii)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere
herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except for Sections 3.2(g) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company
that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling,
long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to
hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including,
without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement
transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties
in derivative transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short
position in the Common Stock and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms
length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one
or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including,
without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined,
and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at
and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities
do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(jj) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale
or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities,
or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company,
other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement of the Securities.

(kk) Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Purchasers shall be deemed
a representation and warranty by the Company to the Purchasers as to the matters covered thereby.

(ll) D&O
Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires most recently completed by each
of the Companys directors and officers and beneficial owner of 10% or more of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents is
true and correct in all respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed
in such questionnaires become inaccurate and incorrect.

(mm) [Reserved].

20

(nn) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option or other form of securities granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was
granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the
fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option or other form of securities would be considered granted under GAAP
and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly
granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly
coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or
its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(oo) Cybersecurity.
(i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information
technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers,
vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data)
and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably
be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are
presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems
and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented
and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous
operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and
disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(pp) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer,
agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of
Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC).

(qq) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(rr) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank
or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

21

(ss) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(tt) No
Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities
Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company
participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities,
calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with
the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer
Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii)
under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2)
or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the
Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(uu) Other
Covered Persons. Other than the Placement Agent, the Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that
has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

(vv) Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers and the Placement Agent in writing, prior to the Closing Date
of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become
a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

22

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(b) Own
Account. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under
the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with
a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the
distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined in paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8),
(a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) General
Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not, to such Purchasers knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement,
article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over
television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

23

(f) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results
of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement
Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Securities
nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation
as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public information
with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the Securities
to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

(g) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other
portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets
managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to
other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors,
partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures
made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document
or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or
preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

24

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer
Restrictions.

(a) The
Securities may only be transferred or otherwise disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with
any transfer or other disposition of Securities other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company
or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor
thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form
and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration
of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be
bound by the terms of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under
this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.

(b) The
Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the following
form:

[NEITHER]
THIS SECURITY [NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY] HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA
FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR
AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

25

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time-to-time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer
pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company
and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no
notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable
documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities,
including, if the Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the preparation and filing of
any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act
to appropriately amend the list of Selling Stockholders (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) thereunder.

(c) Certificates
evidencing the Shares and Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof), (i)
while a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities
Act, (ii) following any sale of such Shares or Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), (iii)
if such Shares or Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), or (iv) if such legend
is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by
the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser if
required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If all or
any portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Warrant
Shares, or if such Shares or Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current public
information required under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), or if the Shares or Warrant Shares may be sold under
Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to
such Shares or Warrant Shares or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including
judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all
legends. The Company agrees that at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than
the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below)
following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Shares or Warrant Shares, as
the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered
to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make
any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section
4. Certificates for Securities subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting
the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser.

26

(d) In
addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Shares or Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Securities
are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 4.1(c), $10 per Trading Day
(increasing to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after the Legend Removal Date) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal
Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered)
to a Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company by such Purchaser that
is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser purchases (in an open market transaction
or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of all or any portion of the number of shares
of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock
that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount equal to the excess of such
Purchasers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common
Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) over the product of (A) such number of
Shares or Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to such Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the
lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser
to the Company of the applicable Shares or Warrant Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under
this clause (ii).

(e) Each
Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities
pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or
an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the
plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities
as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2 Furnishing
of Information; Public Information.

(a) Until
the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to maintain the
registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect
thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to
the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

27

(b) At
any time during the period commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the Securities
may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation
pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c)
or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to
satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information Failure) then, in addition to such Purchasers
other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason
of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities, an amount in cash equal to two percent (2.0%) of the aggregate
Subscription Amount of such Purchasers Securities on the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth (30th)
day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public Information Failure
is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the Purchasers to transfer the Shares and Warrant Shares
pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which a Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.2(b) are referred to herein as Public
Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the
calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd) Business Day after
the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information
Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated
for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers right to pursue actual damages for the Public
Information Failure, and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

4.3 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
Section 2(a)(10) of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require
the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities
for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing
of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by 9 am on the date following this Agreement, or as soon as possible thereafter file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the
time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of the Form 8-K, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall
have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent,
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such Form
8-K, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written
or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, Affiliates or
agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on
the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall
be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult
with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor
any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company,
with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release
of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case
the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing
with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required
by federal securities law in connection with (i) any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (ii)
the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or regulation,
Trading Market or FINRA rules or regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure
permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

28

4.5 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its
behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, not to trade
on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent
that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7 Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall
not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than the payment of trade payables
in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

29

4.8 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members,
partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack
of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all
losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements,
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result
of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys
representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may
have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser
Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. If any action shall be brought
against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly
notify the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably
acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate
in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent
that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable
period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a
material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the
Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be
liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior
written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim,
damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, other Transaction Documents.
The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation
or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause
of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant
to law.

4.9 Reservation
of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at
all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue
Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

30

4.10 Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading
Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares
and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market.
The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include
in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares
and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action
reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with
the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain
the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation,
including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation
in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.11 [Reserved].

4.12 Subsequent
Equity Sales.

(a) From
the date hereof until sixty (60) days after the effective date (the Effective Date) for the registration statement to be
filed under the Registration Rights Agreement, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue
or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) aside from the resale
registration statement the Company is obligated to filed on March 1, 2025, and as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(w) file any registration
statement or any amendment or supplement thereto, in each case other than as contemplated pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement
or, solely with respect to securities issued pursuant to any share or option plan duly adopted for such purpose by the Board of Directors
or a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, on Form S-8 or such other
form as may be prescribed by the Commission therefor.

(b) From
the date hereof until 90 days after the Effective Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement
to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units
thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company
(i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to
receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based
upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of
such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date
after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly
related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement,
including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future
determined price. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which
remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of (i) an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall
be an Exempt Issuance, or (ii) the filing of any registration statement on Form S-8 or any successor form thereto.

31

4.13 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is
also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right
granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers
as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition
or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.14 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it,
nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short
Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such
time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial Form 8-K as described
in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4,
such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation,
warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance
with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty
not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates or agent, including , without limitation, the Placement Agent after the issuance of the initial press release as
described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby
separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge
of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set
forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision
to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.15 Form
D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D under
the Securities Act and to provide a copy thereof to any Purchaser promptly upon request. The Company shall take such action as the Company
shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers
at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence
of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

32

Capital
Changes. Until the one-year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock split or
reclassification of the Common Stock without the prior written consent of the Purchasers holding a majority in interest of the Shares
and Pre-Funded Warrants, based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

4.16 Lock-Up
Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except to extend
the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each of each Lock-Up Agreement in the accordance with its terms. If
any party to a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek
specific performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

4.17 Registration
Rights Agreement. On the date hereof, the Company shall enter into the Registration Rights Agreement and shall not amend, modify,
waive or terminate any provision of the Registration Rights Agreement, except pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement.

4.18 Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under
the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Shares and Warrant Shares pursuant to the Transaction
Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the
effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance
may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

4.19 Exercise
Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers
in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers
to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise
the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

33

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been
consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such
termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except for the payment of fees, costs and expenses (which may include legal fees of the Purchaser), , each party shall
pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party
incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and
any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities
to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30
p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading
Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of
mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice
is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

34

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants
based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver,
by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver
disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser
(or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of
this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the
rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior
written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon
each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser
(other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns
or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities,
by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the
Company in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit
of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof
be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the law of the State of New York. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning
the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether
brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents)
shall be commenced exclusively in the courts of the State of New York or of the United States of America, in each case sitting in the
County and City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the adjudication
of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect
to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding,
any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an
inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence
of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to
serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of
the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action
or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred
with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

35

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any
of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document
and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind
or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in
whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission
of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded
exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and
the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance
of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

36

5.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company
of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and
hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law
would be adequate.

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a
Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or
any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or
are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several
and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For
reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through
the Placement Agent. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience
of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed
that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely,
and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

37

5.18 Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have
been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.20 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.21 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature
Pages Follow)

38

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

kAIROS
PHARMA, LTD. Address
for Notice:

By: 

c/o
Kairos Pharma, Ltd.

Name: John
S. Yu, M.D. 

2355
Westwood Blvd., #139

Title: Chief
Executive Officer Los
Angeles, CA 90064

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Megan J. Penick, Esq.

Dorsey & Whitney LLP

51 West 52nd Street

New York, NY 10019

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

39

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO KAIROS PHARMA LTD.

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: __________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: __________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: ______________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Warrants to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount: $3,500,000

Shares: 0

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares: 2,500,000 Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or X 9.99%

Warrant
Shares: 3,750,000 Beneficial Ownership Blocker X 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN
Number: _______________________

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]

40
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

PLACEMENT
AGENT AND ADVISORY 

SERVICES
AGREEMENT

This
Placement Agent and Advisory Services Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of January 16, 2025 (the Effective
Date), by and between Kairos Pharma, Ltd. (together with its affiliates and subsidiaries, the Company),
and Boustead Securities, LLC, a California limited liability company (BSL, Financial Advisor,
or Placement Agent). BSL and the Company (the Parties) agree as follows:

1. Engagement
of BSL: The Company hereby engages BSL, and BSL hereby accepts such engagement, to
act as the Companys financial advisor and placement agent, on an exclusive basis,
with respect to the Companys securities offerings, including the Companys private
placement of common stock, warrants and prefunded warrant unit offering (the PIPE
Offering) being made pursuant to Rule 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and Rule 506(d) thereunder, in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations
of any jurisdiction in which securities are sold under this Agreement.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that BSLs obligations hereunder are on a best efforts basis, as that term is used in securities
offerings, only and that the execution of this Agreement does not constitute a commitment by BSL to purchase any securities and does
not ensure the successful placement of any securities or any portion thereof or the success of BSL with respect to securing any other
Financing on behalf of the Company. Regardless of who introduces an investor to a Financing, BSL will act solely as a broker with respect
to potential Investors in a Financing. Investors shall mean those who participate in the PIPE Offering or any Financing
of the Company and may include, but not be limited to, Company officers, directors, employees, consultants, advisors, shareholders, members,
and partners as of the Effective Date and during the Term and the Tail (as hereinafter defined). BSL will not act as an underwriter in
any Financing.

As
a result, Company is hereby:

(a)
Representing to BSL that no Company signatory is presently engaged on its own or with any other party for purposes of offering the Company
for sale or for any other purpose that would interfere or compete with BSLs services;

(b)
Covenanting that no Company signatory will engage with any other party or on its own for purposes of offering the Company for sale or
for any other purpose that would interfere or compete with BSLs services during the Term;

(c)
Covenanting to cooperate fully and promptly with BSL, and not take action to interfere with BSLs services, during the Term in
furtherance of the purposes of this Agreement and promptly refer all inquiries on the Company to BSL; and

(d)
Acknowledging that, in the event any Company signatory has engaged a party in the past to offer the Company for sale, or for any other
reason that would result in the payment of a contingent fee to such party should the Company complete the PIPE Offering of other Financing,
such engagement has been terminated and any payments that may become due thereunder shall have no effect on the Fees due to BSL hereunder.

1

BSLs
failure to identify any prospects for the Company shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement and Company acknowledges that BSL cannot
guarantee the successful consummation of any Financing.

Financing
means without limitation: (a) the PIPE Offering; (b) a sale, grant or exchange of the Companys securities, including but not limited
to common stock, preferred stock, ordinary shares, stock options, stock warrants (including the exercise of such warrants), stock rights
(other than restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock options or other rights granted to employees, directors, consultants or advisors
to the Company pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plan), other securities rights, membership interests or partnership interests;
(c) the entering into of any debt, convertible debt, loan, line of credit or similar encumbrance; (d) any other financial arrangement
relating to the Company which has an effect similar to clause (b) or (c).

2. BSLs
Compensation: The Company hereby agrees to pay BSL Fees in such amount and upon such
terms and conditions contained herein upon the successful completion of a Financing or Transaction
as follows:

Fees

In
connection with the Companys PIPE Offering, the Company agrees to reimburse BSL for Placement Agent counsels legal counsel
fees of USD$75,000 (Legal Fees), to be paid the initial closing of the PIPE Offering. The Legal Fees shall cover all of
BSL counsels legal fees in relation to the PIPE Offering, including any review of the registration statement filed in relation
to the PIPE Offering.

The
Company will pay BSL success Fees, as described below, when the Company closes on a Financing, including the PIPE Offering, during the
Term (as hereinafter defined) of this Agreement.

In
the event the Company consummates any Financing from any Investors, BSL shall receive: (a) cash success Fees of seven percent (7%) of
the gross proceeds received in the Financing (including, without limitation, upon the exercise of any warrants issued in the Financing,
but only if such warrants are exercised for cash; no Success Fee will be due on the warrants if they are exercised cashlessly), plus
(b) a non-accountable expense allowance equal to one percent (1%) of the gross amount to be disbursed to the Company from each such Financing
closing, plus (c) warrants equal to seven percent (7%) of the gross amount of the proceeds received by the Company for each such investment
Financing closing, including (without limitation) upon the exercise of the securities sold in any Financing, and in the event of a debt
Financing, warrants to purchase an amount of Company shares equal to seven percent (7%) of the gross amount or facility received by the
Company in a debt Financing divided by the Strike Price per Share. The warrant exercise price, i.e. the Strike Price per Share,
shall be defined as the lower of: (x) the price per share paid by Investors in each respective Financing, (y) in the event that convertible
securities are sold in the Financing, the conversion price of such securities, or (z) in the event that warrants or other rights are
issued in the Financing, the exercise price of such warrants or other rights.

2

The
cash portion of any Fees will be due and payable upon the closing of each Financing or Transaction and will be payable directly to BSL
from the account established for such closing or in such other manner as may be acceptable to BSL. 

Any
and all warrants to be issued to BSL will be due and payable upon the closing of each Financing or Transaction. Warrants shall be issued
to BSL in conjunction with the closing of each Financing or Transaction (unless otherwise agreed to in writing). Warrants may not be
transferred or assigned, in whole or in part, at any time without the prior written consent of the Company except to a wholly owned subsidiary
of BSL or a registered representative of BSL. The warrants shall be exercisable from the date of issuance and for a term of five (5)
years. The warrants shall contain cashless exercise provisions and shall be non-callable and non-cancelable with immediate piggy-back
registration rights, unless Rule 144 eligible. The warrants shall also have customary provisions for stock dividends, splits, mergers,
and any future stock issuances etc., at a price(s) below said exercise price per share and shall provide for automatic exercise immediately
prior to expiration. The warrants will contain terms and conditions that are no less favorable to BSL than the terms and conditions of
any warrants issued to the participants in the relevant Financing or Transaction. The Warrants earned by BSL pursuant to this Agreement
shall be promptly issued by the Company pursuant to a stock warrant agreement which, upon issuance by the Company, shall become a part
of this Agreement and be enforceable by the terms of this Agreement.

3. Certain
Matters Relating to BSLs Duties:

(a) BSL
shall (i) assist the Company in the preparation of information documents to be shared with
potential Investors, (ii) identify and screen potential Investors, and (iii) perform other
related duties.

(b) BSL
shall perform its duties under this Agreement in a manner consistent with the instructions
of the Company. Such performance shall include the delivery of information to potential interested
parties, conducting due diligence, and leading discussions with potential Investors.

(c) BSL
is and will hereafter act as an independent contractor and not as an employee of the Company
and nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed to create any employment,
partnership, joint venture, or other relationship between BSL and the Company. BSL will not
hold itself out as having and will not state to any person that BSL has, any relationship
with the Company other than as an independent contractor. BSL shall have no right or power
to bind or create any liability or obligation for or in the name of the Company or to sign
any documents on behalf of the Company.

4. Certain
Matters Relating to Companys Duties:

(a) The
Company shall promptly provide BSL with all relevant information about the Company (to the
extent available to the Company in the case of parties other than the Company) that shall
be reasonably requested or required by BSL, which information shall be complete and accurate
in all material respects at the time furnished.

3

(b) The
Company recognizes that in order for BSL to properly perform its obligations in a professional
manner, it is necessary that BSL be informed of and, to the extent practicable, participate
in meetings and discussions between the Company and any third party, including, without limitation,
any prospective purchaser of the Companys securities, relating to the matters covered
by the terms of BSLs engagement.

(c) The
Company agrees that any report or opinion, oral or written, delivered to it by BSL is prepared
solely for its confidential use and shall not be reproduced, summarized, or referred to in
any public document or given or otherwise divulged to any other person without BSLs
prior written consent, except as may be required by applicable law or regulation.

(d) The
Company represents and warrants that: (i) it has full right, power and authority to enter
into this Agreement and to perform all of its obligations hereunder; (ii) this Agreement
has been duly authorized and executed by and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of
the Company enforceable in accordance with its terms; and (iii) the execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not conflict
with or result in a breach of the Companys certificate of incorporation or by-laws.
Further, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein shall not conflict with
or result in the breach of any agreement to which the Company is a party at the time the
transactions contemplated herein are consummated.

5. Term;
Termination of Agreement. The initial term of this Agreement shall be from the Effective
Date through September 17, 2025 (the Initial Term). After the Initial
Term, the term of this Agreement may be extended for an additional successive one (1) year
periods upon the mutual written consent of the parties. The Initial Term and any subsequent
extensions shall be known as the Term. Either party may terminate this Agreement
prior to its expiration by notifying the other party in writing upon a material breach by
that other party, unless such breach is curable and is in fact cured within thirty (30) days
after such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all provisions of this Agreement (including
Exhibit A hereto) other than Sections 1, 3 and 4 (a) and (b) shall survive the termination
or expiration of this Agreement. Unless otherwise provided, BSL shall be entitled to compensation
under Section 2 (and payment for expenses under Section 12) based on the completion of a
Financing or Transaction prior to the termination or expiration of this Agreement. Within
thirty (30) days of the Effective Date and / or from time to time during the Term of this
Agreement and / or within ten (10) business days after the expiration or termination of this
Agreement, BSL will provide to the Company a list in writing of the Introduced Parties (the
Introduction List). Within ten (10) business day following the delivery
of the Introduction List to the Company, the Company will provide BSL written notice of any
objections to the inclusion of any person or entity in the Introduction List and state the
basis for each objection in reasonable detail. The Parties will cooperate to resolve the
status of any person or entity as to which the Company shall have made a timely and proper
objection.

4

6. Indemnification.
The indemnification provisions set forth in Exhibit A hereto are incorporated by reference
and are a part of this Agreement.

7. Notices.
Any notice required shall be in writing and may be delivered by hand, e-mail, fax or first-class
mail to the following addresses (or at such other email, fax number or address as shall hereafter
be specified by such party by like notice):

(a) If
to the Company, to:

Dr.
John Yu, M.D.

Kairos
Pharma, Ltd.

2355
Westwood Blvd.

#139

Los
Angeles, CA 90064

Email:
John.Yu@cshs.org

With
a copy to:

Megan
J. Penick, Esq.

Dorsey
& Whitney LLP

51
West 52nd Street

New
York, NY 10022

Email:
penick.megan@dorsey.com

(b) If
to BSL, to:

Lincoln
Smith, CEO

Boustead
Securities, LLC

6
Venture, Suite 395

Irvine,
CA 92618

E-mail:
Lincoln.smith@boustead1828.com

With
a copy to:

Christopher
P. Parrington, Esq.

Boustead
& Company Limited

P.O.
Box 118

Chaska,
MN 55318

E-mail:
Chris.Parrington@Bousteadco.com

Notices
shall be deemed to have been given contemporaneously in the case of fax or e-mail. Notices given by first class mail shall be deemed
to have been given seven days after mailing. Evidence that the notice was properly addressed, stamped and mailed shall be prima facie
evidence of mailing.

5

8. Company
to Control Financings and Transactions. The terms and conditions under which the
Company would enter into a Financing or Transaction shall be at the sole discretion of the
Company. Nothing in this Agreement shall obligate the Company to actually consummate a Financing
or Transaction. The Company may terminate any negotiations or discussions at any time and
reserves the right not to proceed with a Financing or Transaction.

9. Confidentiality
of Company Information. BSL, and its officers, directors, employees and agents shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain in strict confidence and not copy, disclose
or transfer to any other party (a) all confidential business and financial information regarding
the Company and its affiliates, including without limitation, projections, business plans,
marketing plans, product development plans, pricing, costs, customer, vendor and supplier
lists and identification, channels of distribution, and terms of identification of proposed
or actual contracts and (b) all confidential technology of the Company. In furtherance of
the foregoing, BSL agrees that it shall not transfer, transmit, distribute, download or communicate,
in any electronic, digitized or other form or media, any of the confidential technology of
the Company. The foregoing is not intended to preclude BSL from utilizing, subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Financing and/or other documents prepared or
approved by the Company.

All
communications regarding any possible transactions, requests for due diligence or other information, requests for facility tours, product
demonstrations or management meetings, will be submitted or directed to the Company, and BSL shall not contact any employees, customers,
suppliers or contractors of the Company or its affiliates without express permission. Nothing in this Agreement shall constitute a grant
of authority to BSL or any representatives thereof to remove, examine or copy any particular document or types of information regarding
the Company, and the Company shall retain control over the particular documents or items to be provided, examined or copied. BSL shall
be permitted to maintain at least one copy of all Company information, confidential or not, in any format, whether electronic, digital
or hard copy, to satisfy its recordkeeping requirements.

The
provisions of this Section shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

10. Press
Releases, Etc. Subject to each Partys written approval, which is not to be
unreasonably withheld, the Parties shall work together to issue a press release or other
announcement to the public regarding any Financing or Transaction. Except for communication
to Investors in furtherance of this Agreement, BSL will not disclose the fact that discussions
or negotiations are taking place concerning a possible Financing or Transaction involving
the Company, or the status or terms and conditions thereof.

11. Due
Diligence: Neither the Company, nor any of its directors, officers or stockholders,
should, in any way rely on BSL to perform any due diligence with respect to the Company.
It is expressly understood and agreed that the Investors will conduct their own due diligence
on the Company and the opportunity.

12. Expenses,
Etc. The Company agrees to reimburse BSL for all pre-approved in writing (email or
otherwise) out-of-pocket expenses incurred by BSL in providing the services pursuant to this
Agreement. Such expenses shall be reimbursed within thirty (30) days of submission to the
Company of BSLs invoice and appropriate support for such expenses.

6

13. Compliance
with Laws. BSL represents and warrants that it shall conduct itself in compliance
with applicable federal and state laws. BSL represents that it is not a party to any other
Agreement, which would conflict with or interfere with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

14. Assignment
Permissible. The Company acknowledges that BSL may pay other consultants or agents
in connection with the Financing or Transaction and that BSL reserves the right to assign
this Agreement to BSL affiliates, Sutter Securities Inc. and Sutter Securities Clearing,
LLC.

15. Amendments.
Neither party may amend this Agreement or rescind any of its existing provisions without
the prior written consent of the other party.

16. Governing
Law; Dispute Resolution; Attorneys Fees. This Agreement shall be deemed to
have been made in the State of Delaware and shall be construed, and the rights and liabilities
determined, in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts
of laws rules of such jurisdiction. Any controversy or claim relating to or arising from
this Agreement (a Dispute) shall be settled, as applicable, in federal
court located in Orange County, California. Should a Dispute not rise to meet the qualifications
of filing in federal court in Orange County, CA, then the Dispute shall be resolved by arbitration
in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)
as such rules may be modified herein or as otherwise agreed by the parties in controversy.
The forum for arbitration shall be Orange County, California. Following thirty (30) days
notice by any party of intention to invoke arbitration, any Dispute arising under this Agreement
and not mutually resolved within such thirty (30) day period shall be determined by the arbitrators
upon which the parties agree. In the event a suit, action, arbitration, or other proceeding
of any nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, any proceeding under the U.S. Bankruptcy
Code, is instituted by any party to interpret or enforce any provision of this Agreement,
then the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other parties its reasonable
attorneys, paralegals, accountants, and other experts fees, and
all other fees, costs, and expenses actually incurred and reasonably necessary in connection
therewith.

17. WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE AND AGREES
NOT TO REQUEST A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS AGREEMENT.

18. Waiver.
Neither BSLs nor the Companys failure to insist at any time upon strict compliance
with this Agreement or any of its terms nor any continued course of such conduct on their
part shall constitute or be considered a waiver by BSL or the Company of any of their respective
rights or privileges under this Agreement.

19. Severability.
If any provision herein is or should become inconsistent with any present or future law,
rule or regulation of any sovereign government or regulatory body having jurisdiction over
the subject matter of this Agreement, such provision shall be deemed to be rescinded or modified
in accordance with such law, rule or regulation. In all other respects, this Agreement shall
continue to remain in full force and effect.

7

20. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
an original, and will become effective and binding upon the Parties at such time as all of
the signatories hereto have signed a counterpart of this Agreement. All counterparts so executed
shall constitute one Agreement binding on all of the Parties hereto, notwithstanding that
all of the Parties are not signatory to the same counterpart. Each of the Parties hereto
shall sign a sufficient number of counterparts so that each party will receive a fully executed
original of this Agreement.

21. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (together with Exhibit A) constitutes the entire agreement
between the Company and BSL. No other agreements, covenants, representations or warranties,
express or implied, oral or written, have been made by any party hereto to any other party
concerning the subject matter hereof. All prior and contemporaneous conversations, negotiations,
possible and alleged agreements, representations, covenants and warranties concerning the
subject matter hereof are merged herein and shall be of no further force or effect. Notwithstanding,
nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to alter, modify or terminate the Parties
initial Engagement Agreement, dated March 28, 2022 and as amended on May 20, 2024 (the Initial
Engagement), and the Initial Agreement shall survive and remain enforceable, in full,
following execution of this Agreement.

22. No
Warranties. BSL DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES REGARDING THE
SERVICES WHICH ARE NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW. BSL DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
TO ANY PARTY THAT IS NOT A COMPANY SIGNATORY AND COMPANY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THERE ARE NO INTENDED
THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES OF THIS AGREEMENT. COMPANY UNDERSTANDS:

(a)
THE PERSONNEL REPRESENTING BSL IN NEGOTIATING THIS AGREEMENT DO NOT HAVE AUTHORITY TO MAKE ANY STATEMENTS, PROMISES OR REPRESENTATIONS
IN CONFLICT WITH OR IN ADDITION TO THE INFORMATION IN THIS AGREEMENT AND BSL SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY SUCH STATEMENTS,
PROMISES, OR REPRESENTATIONS; STANDS AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT:

(i)
COMPANY HAS NOT RELIED UPON SUCH STATEMENTS, PROMISES, OR REPRESENTATIONS AND WAIVES ANY RIGHTS OR CLAIMS ARISING FROM ANY SUCH STATEMENTS,
PROMISES, OR REPRESENTATIONS;

(b)
WHILE COMPANY AND THE PERSONNEL REPRESENTING BSL IN NEGOTIATING THIS AGREEMENT MAY HAVE DISCUSSED POTENTIAL VALUE RANGES FOR THE COMPANY
AND/OR TARGET SALE PRICES AND FINANCING OR TRANSACTION STRUCTURES, THE EXACT VALUE OF THE COMPANY IS NOT ASCERTAINABLE BY BSL OR ANY
OTHER PARTY WITHOUT GOING TO MARKET AND, FURTHER, THE EXACT VALUE OF THE COMPANY AND THE PRECISE STRUCTURE OF AN EVENTUAL FINANCING OR
TRANSACTION CAN ONLY BE DETERMINED BY WHAT A WILLING AND ABLE COUNTERPARTY AGREES TO PAY AND WHICH THE COMPANY AGREES TO ACCEPT IN AN
ARMS-LENGTH FINANCING OR TRANSACTION IN THE ABSENCE OF DURESS; AND

8

(c)
BSLS ENGAGEMENT IS NOT A GUARANTEE THAT A VALUE OR STRUCTURE ACCEPTABLE TO COMPANY WILL OR CAN BE ACHIEVED VIA THE PROVISION OF
THE SERVICES SET FORTH HEREIN.

23. Non-Circumvention.
Other than as provided for herein, the Company agrees to NOT proceed with any operating relationship
or transaction with any Investors, introduced client, entities or persons or any other contact
introduced by BSL to the Company. The Company agrees to NOT to attempt to contact any Investors,
entities or persons or any other contact introduced by BSL to the Company without prior written
approval from BSL. This Section shall survive termination or expiration of the Agreement.

24. Non-Solicitation.
Absent the written consent of the other parties, no party will, during the term of
this Agreement and continuing for a period of two (2) year from the date of termination of
this Agreement, solicit or attempt to entice away, hire or engage any person who is at any
time during the Term employed or engaged to perform services by the other party. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the restrictions in this Section shall not apply to employees or consultants
who have been terminated by a party and are not subject to restrictive contractual obligations
or covenants (including but not limited to any non-competition or garden leave provisions)
with respect to such party.

25. No
Commitment or Guarantee. The execution of this Agreement does not constitute a commitment
by BSL or the Company to consummate any Financing or Transaction contemplated hereunder and
does not ensure the successful placement of securities of any investment vehicle or the success
of BSL with respect to finding any Investors or the success with respect to any Funding.
No promises or representations have been made except as expressly set forth in this Agreement
and the parties have not relied on any promises or representations except as expressly set
forth in this Agreement. BSL does not guarantee that they will be successful in identifying
or referring Investors and shall have no liability to the Company or any investment vehicle
in the event that no Investors are identified, any Investor decides not to invest, and/or
if the Company decides not to accept an Investors investment or separately managed
account.

26. Further
Assurances. The parties shall afford each other reasonable assurances, including
written representations and access to any correspondence, agreements, or other documents,
which the other party may reasonably request for the purpose of verifying compliance with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Please
confirm that the foregoing is in accordance with our understanding by signing and returning one copy of this Agreement to BSL to indicate
the Companys acceptance of the terms set forth herein.

By
signing this Agreement, the signing party represents that he/it has unconditional authority to enter into this Agreement on behalf of
each party hereto.

[Signature
Page to Follow]

9

Boustead
Securities, LLC (BSL)

By: 

Lincoln
Smith, CEO

Kairos
Pharma, Ltd. (the Company)

By: 

Dr.
John Yu, M.D.

10

EXHIBIT
A

Indemnification

The
Company agrees that it shall indemnify and hold harmless, BSL, its members, managers, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and controlling
persons within the meaning of Section 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, each as
amended (any and all of whom are referred to as an Indemnified Party), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, or expenses, and all actions in respect thereof (including, but not limited to, all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred
by an Indemnified Party in connection with the investigation, preparation, defense or settlement of any claim, action or proceeding,
whether or not resulting in any liability), incurred by an Indemnified Party with respect to, caused by, or otherwise arising out of
any transaction contemplated by this Agreement or BSLs performing the services contemplated hereunder; provided, however, the
Company will not be liable to the extent, and only to the extent, that any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense is finally judicially
determined to have resulted primarily from BSLs gross negligence or bad faith in performing such services.

If
the indemnification provided for herein is conclusively determined (by an entry of final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction
and the expiration of the time or denial of the right to appeal) to be unavailable or insufficient to hold any Indemnified Party harmless
in respect to any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to herein, then the Company, or its owners, whether an entity(ies)
or individual(s), shall contribute to the amounts paid or payable by such Indemnified Party in such proportion as is appropriate and
equitable under all circumstances taking into account the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and BSL on the other,
from the transaction or proposed transaction under the Agreement or, if allocation on that basis is not permitted under applicable law,
in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and BSL on the
other, but also the relative fault of the Company and BSL; provided, however, in no event shall the aggregate contribution of BSL and/or
any Indemnified Party be in excess of the net compensation actually received by BSL and/or such Indemnified Party pursuant to this Agreement.

The
Company shall not settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened
action, claim, suit or proceeding in which any Indemnified Party is or could foreseeably be a party and as to which indemnification or
contribution could have been sought by such Indemnified Party hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Party is a party thereto), unless
such consent or termination includes an express unconditional release of such Indemnified Party, reasonably satisfactory in form and
substance to such Indemnified Party, from all losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses arising out of such action, claim, suit
or proceeding.

In
the event any Indemnified Party incurs any expenses covered by this Exhibit A, the Company shall reimburse the Indemnified Party for
such covered expenses within ten (10) business days of the Indemnified Partys delivery to the Company of an invoice therefor,
with receipts attached. Such obligation of the Company to so advance funds may be conditioned upon the Companys receipt of a written
undertaking from the Indemnified Party to repay such amounts within ten (10) business days after a final, non-appealable judicial determination
that such Indemnified Party was not entitled to indemnification hereunder.

The
foregoing indemnification and contribution provisions are not in lieu of, but in addition to, any rights which any Indemnified Party
may have at common law hereunder or otherwise, and shall remain in full force and effect following the expiration or termination of BSLs
engagement and shall be binding on any successors or assigns of the Company and successors or assigns to all or substantially all of
the Companys business or assets.

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>kapa-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>kapa-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>kapa-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-002832-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001962011 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001962011 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
Kairos Pharma, Ltd. 
DE 
001-42275 
46-2993314 
2355 Westwood Blvd. 
#139 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90064 
(310) 
948-2356 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001, per share 
KAPA 
NYSEAMER 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 16, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42275

Entity Registrant Name Kairos
Pharma, Ltd.

Entity Central Index Key 0001962011

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-2993314

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2355
Westwood Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two #139

Entity Address, City or Town Los
Angeles

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90064

City Area Code (310)

Local Phone Number 948-2356

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.001, per share

Trading Symbol KAPA

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://kairospharma.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
kapa-20250116.xsd 
kapa-20250116_lab.xml 
kapa-20250116_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>