<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-019504.txt : 20250303
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-019504.hdr.sgml : 20250303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250303080846
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-019504
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250301
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST BUSEY CORP /NV/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000314489
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				371078406
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15950
		FILM NUMBER:		25693847

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 W MAIN STREET
		CITY:			URBANA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			61801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2173654544

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 W MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 123
		CITY:			URBANA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			61801
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000031448900003144892025-03-012025-03-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Current
Report

Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date
of earliest event reported):March 1, 2025

FIRST BUSEY CORPORATION

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 0-15950 37-1078406

(State
or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission 

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

11440 Tomahawk Creek Parkway

Leawood, Kansas66211

(Address of principal
executive offices) (Zip Code)

(217) 365-4544

(Registrant's telephone
number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box
below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading

symbol(s) Name
of each exchange

on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.001 par value BUSE Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

On March 1, 2025, First Busey Corporation,
a Nevada corporation (Busey), completed its previously announced merger (the Merger) with CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.,
a Kansas corporation (CrossFirst), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 26, 2024 (the Merger
Agreement), by and between Busey and CrossFirst. At the closing of the Merger, CrossFirst merged with and into Busey with Busey
continuing as the surviving corporation.

The Merger Agreement further provides that at
a date and time following the Merger as determined by Busey, CrossFirst Bank, a Kansas state-chartered bank and a wholly owned subsidiary
of CrossFirst, will merge with and into Busey Bank, an Illinois state-chartered bank and a wholly owned subsidiary of Busey, with Busey
Bank as the surviving bank (the Bank Merger). The Bank Merger is expected to close on June 20, 2025.

Merger Consideration

Upon the
terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each
share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of CrossFirst (CrossFirst Common Stock) outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time, other than certain shares held by CrossFirst or Busey, was converted into the right to receive 0.6675 of a share
(the Exchange Ratio) of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Busey (Busey Common Stock). Holders of
CrossFirst Common Stock will receive cash in lieu of fractional shares.

At the Effective Time, each share of Series A
Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of CrossFirst outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
was converted into the right to receive one share of a newly created series of preferred stock of Busey (New Busey Preferred Stock).

Treatment of Buseys Equity Awards

Following the closing, except as otherwise provided
in the Merger Agreement, Busey equity awards generally remain outstanding and subject to the same terms and conditions as applied immediately
prior to the Effective Time.

Each performance-based restricted stock unit award
(PSU) issued by Busey and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and earned based on Core Return on Average
Tangible Common Equity (the ROATCE PSUs) was deemed earned with the achievement of the applicable performance goals based
on actual performance through December 31, 2024, the latest practicable date prior to the Effective Time, and otherwise remains subject
to the same terms and conditions (including service-based vesting terms) as applied to such ROATCE PSUs immediately prior to the Effective
Time. The ROATCE PSUs have been deemed earned (i) at 100% of the target level of performance, for the ROATCE PSUs granted in 2023
and (ii) at 75% of the target level of performance, for the ROATCE PSUs granted in 2024.

Each Busey PSU previously granted that is
tied to total stockholder return (TSR, and such PSUs, the TSR PSUs) with a performance period that ended
December 31, 2024 (excluding TSR PSUs previously held by retirees) will be replaced, and each TSR PSU outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time with performance periods ending December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2026 (including existing
TSR PSUs held by retirees) will be modified, each effective March 1, 2025, such that the resulting new or modified PSUs
(collectively, the Merger PSUs) will be earned based on Buseys relative TSR rank as compared to the KBW
Regional Banking Index, measured at the end of a performance period commencing January 1, 2025 and ending December 31,
2026. The Merger PSUs will be subject to the terms and conditions of Buseys Amended 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and the
applicable award agreements. The target number of PSUs subject to each such Merger PSU will be determined based on the number of
PSUs that would have been earned in respect of the corresponding TSR PSU had performance for such corresponding TSR PSU been
determined based on actual performance as of August 26, 2024, the day immediately prior to the announcement of the Merger,
which will be (i) in the case of the 2022 TSR PSUs, 94.5% of the original target level of performance, (ii) in the case of
the 2023 TSR PSUs, 96.2% of the original target level of performance, and (iii) in the case of the 2024 TSR PSUs, 76.9% of the
original target level of performance. Such target number will also reflect the number of dividend equivalents accrued in respect of
the corresponding existing TSR PSU that would have been earned based on the same actual TSR performance.

1

Each outstanding Busey time-based restricted stock
unit award (the Busey RSUs) will vest in equal annual installments over three (3) years following the Effective Time;
provided that if any Busey RSU would otherwise vest by its terms on an earlier date, any then-unvested portion as of such date shall vest
on such original vesting date.

Each Busey equity award will be subject to double-trigger
vesting upon an involuntary termination within twelve (12) months following the Effective Time (at target performance, in the case of
Merger PSUs).

Treatment of CrossFirsts Equity Awards

Each CrossFirst restricted stock award held by
a CrossFirst non-employee director and each deferred share of CrossFirst Common Stock that is credited to a director participants
account under the CrossFirst 2018 Directors Deferred Fee Plan, in each case outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective
Time, was converted into the right to receive shares of Busey Common Stock based on the Exchange Ratio. Each CrossFirst time-based restricted
stock unit award (the CrossFirst RSUs) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into a restricted
stock unit in respect of Busey Common Stock (a Busey RSU) based on the Exchange Ratio (rounded to the nearest whole share),
subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the CrossFirst RSUs prior to the Effective Time, and each CrossFirst performance-based
restricted stock unit award (the CrossFirst PSU) was converted into a time-based Busey RSU based on the Exchange Ratio,
subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the CrossFirst PSUs prior to the Effective Time, assuming the achievement
of the applicable performance goals based on, for the CrossFirst PSUs granted in 2023, actual performance through December 31, 2024,
and, for the CrossFirst PSUs granted in 2024, target performance (rounded to the nearest whole share). Each CrossFirst stock-settled stock
appreciation right (the CrossFirst SARs) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into a stock
appreciation right in respect of Busey Common Stock based on the Exchange Ratio (rounded down to the nearest whole share), generally subject
to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the CrossFirst SAR prior to the Effective Time.

The foregoing description of the Merger and the
Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement,
a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

2

Item 3.03. Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders.

Articles Amendment

In connection with the completion of the Merger,
Busey filed (i) a Certificate of Amendment with the Nevada Secretary of State in order to amend its articles of incorporation (as
amended, the Articles) to increase the number of authorized shares of Busey Common Stock from 100 million to 200 million
(the Articles Amendment) and (ii) a Certificate of Designation to fix the designation, preferences, limitations and
relative rights of the New Busey Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designation). The Articles Amendment and Certificate
of Designation each became effective shortly prior to the Effective Time. At the Effective Time and pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
Busey issued 7,750 shares of New Busey Preferred Stock.

The description
of the New Busey Preferred Stock under the section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus filed by Busey with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on November 13, 2024 (the Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus) entitled Description of New Busey Preferred Stock is incorporated herein by reference.

The foregoing summary and referenced description
of the Articles Amendment and New Busey Preferred Stock does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the Articles, the Articles Amendment and Certificate of Designation, respectively, copies of which are filed as Exhibits
3.1 (as further amended by the amendment filed as Exhibit 3.2 hereto), 3.3 and 3.6, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K
and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers Election of Directors Appointment of Certain Officers Compensatory
Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Directors

In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement
and the Bylaw Amendment (as defined in Item 5.03 below), as of the Effective Time, the number of
directors that comprise the full board of directors of Busey (the Board) was increased to thirteen (13), of which (i) eight
(8) were directors of Busey or Busey Bank immediately prior to the Effective Time, including Van A. Dukeman and such other directors
as determined by Busey (the Busey Designated Directors), and (ii) five (5) were directors of CrossFirst immediately
prior to the Effective Time, including Michael J. Maddox and Rodney K. Brenneman and such other directors as determined by CrossFirst
(the CrossFirst Designated Directors).

Resignation of Busey Directors

In connection with the Merger, at the Effective
Time, Samuel P. Banks, George Barr, Gregory B. Lykins and Cassandra R. Sanford (the Resigning Directors) resigned as members
of the Board. The resignations of the Resigning Directors were not the result, in whole or in part, of any disagreement with Busey or
Buseys management.

Continued Service of Directors; Election of
Directors

The eight (8) Busey Designated Directors
that continue to serve on the Board (or in the case of Scott A. Wehrli and Tiffany B. White, were appointed to the Board), in each case
effective from and after the Effective Time, are as follows: Van A. Dukeman, Stanley J. Bradshaw, Michael D. Cassens, Karen M. Jensen,
Frederic L. Kenney, Stephen V. King, Scott A. Wehrli and Tiffany B. White.

3

The five (5) CrossFirst Designated Directors
that were appointed by the Board to fill the vacancies resulting from the resignations referred to above and the increase in the size
of the Board to thirteen (13) as of the Effective Time, in each case effective from and after the Effective Time, are as follows: Michael
J. Maddox, Rodney K. Brenneman, Steven W. Caple, Jennifer M. Grigsby and Kevin S. Rauckman (together with Scott A. Wehrli and Tiffany
B. White, the New Directors).

In accordance with the Merger Agreement and the
Bylaw Amendment, effective as of the Effective Time, (i) Mr. Dukeman continues to serve as the Executive Chairman of the Board
and as the Chief Executive Officer of Busey, reporting to the Board, and as the Executive Chairman of Busey Bank, reporting to the board
of directors of Busey Bank (the Bank Board) and (ii) Mr. Maddox was appointed to serve as the Executive Vice Chairman
of the Board and as the President of Busey, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of Busey, and as the Chief Executive Officer and
President of Busey Bank, reporting to the Executive Chairman of the Bank Board.

Other than the Merger Agreement and the Maddox
Letter Agreement (as defined below), there are no arrangements between the New Directors and any other person pursuant to which the New
Directors were selected as directors. There are no transactions in which any New Director has an interest requiring disclosure under Item
404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Biographical Information of New Directors

Biographical Information of Scott A. Wehrli

Mr. Wehrli is Chairman and Principal of DuKane
Precast Incorporated, a producer of pre-stressed, precast concrete wall panels, columns, beams and parking deck components with plant
facilities in Naperville, Aurora and Plainfield, Illinois. He has also served as the mayor of Naperville, Illinois, since 2023.

Prior to its acquisition by Busey, he served as
a member of the First Community Financial Partners, Inc. (First Community) Board of Directors and on its capital, strategic,
leadership and compensation committees. Mr. Wehrli was elected to the Busey Bank Board of Directors in 2017 when First Community
Financial Bank merged into Busey Bank. He became a member of the Board at the Effective Time. Mr. Wehrli is currently a member of
the Enterprise Risk Committee.

Biographical Information of Tiffany B. White

Dr. White is Professor of Business Administration
and Advertising, and the Bruce and Anne Strohm Faculty Fellow in the Gies College of Business at the University of Illinois. She serves
as Academic Director of the MS in Management program at Gies and Faculty Athletics Representative for the University of Illinois, Big
10 and NCAA.

Dr. White has served as a member of Busey
Banks Board of Directors since 2021 before joining the Board at the Effective Time. Currently, she is a member of the Audit Committee.

4

Biographical Information of CrossFirst Designated Directors

Biographical information related to the CrossFirst
Designated Directors can be found under the heading Information Regarding the Board and Director Nominees under Proposal
1 in CrossFirsts 2024 Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on March 26, 2024, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Lead Independent Director

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and Bylaw Amendment,
Mr. Brenneman was appointed as the Lead Independent Director of the Board effective as of the Effective Time.

Board Committees after the Merger

The committees of the Board are comprised of the
following members, in each case effective as of the Effective Time:

The Audit Committee will be chaired by Frederic
L. Kenney, and will also include Michael D. Cassens, Jennifer M. Grigsby, Kevin S. Rauckman and Tiffany B. White.

The Enterprise Risk Committee will be chaired
by Michael D. Cassens, and will also include Jennifer M. Grigsby, Karen M. Jensen, Kevin S. Rauckman and Scott A. Wehrli.

The Executive Management Compensation and Succession
Committee will be chaired by Stephen V. King, and will also include Stanley J. Bradshaw, Rodney K. Brenneman, Steven W. Caple and Karen
M. Jensen.

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
will be chaired by Stanley J. Bradshaw, and will also include Rodney K. Brenneman, Steven W. Caple, Frederic L. Kenney and Stephen V.
King.

Director Compensation

Each New Director (other than Mr. Maddox,
who will be compensated as an executive officer) will be compensated for such service in accordance with Buseys non-employee director
compensation program on the same basis as other non-employee directors, as described under Director Compensation in Buseys
2024 Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on April 12, 2024.

Executive Officers

Dukeman Letter Agreement

As previously described in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus,
Mr. Dukeman and Busey entered into a letter agreement in connection with the Merger (the Dukeman Letter Agreement).
Except as provided therein, the Dukeman Letter Agreement does not amend or change Mr. Dukemans existing employment agreement.

The Dukeman
Letter Agreement has previously been described under the section of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus entitled The MergerInterests
of Certain Busey Directors and Executive Officers in the MergerLetter Agreement with Van A. Dukeman, which description is
incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Dukeman Letter Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Dukeman Letter Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current
Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

5

Maddox Letter Agreement

Effective as of the Effective Time, Michael J.
Maddox, age 55, the President and Chief Executive Officer of CrossFirst prior to the Effective Time, was appointed Executive Vice Chairman
of the Board and as the President of Busey, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of Busey, and as the Chief Executive Officer and
President of Busey Bank, reporting to the Executive Chairman of the Bank Board.

Mr. Maddox has over 20 years of banking
experience. Mr. Maddox served as President and CEO of CrossFirst from June 1, 2020 until the Effective Time. He continues
to serve as CEO of CrossFirst Bank, a role he has held since November 28, 2008. He also served as President of CrossFirst
Bank from November 28, 2008 until July 1, 2022 when the roles of CEO and President of CrossFirst Bank were split. Prior to
joining CrossFirst Bank, he was a Regional President for Intrust Bank. In this role, he managed Intrust Banks operations in
Northeast Kansas. Mr. Maddox attended the University of Kansas from which he received a business degree and a law degree.
Mr. Maddox completed the Graduate School of Banking at the University of Wisconsin Madison in 2003. Mr. Maddox is
involved with a number of community organizations, including the Kansas City Civic Council. He served on the board of CrossFirst
Bank from 2008 until the Effective Time and served as the Chairman of the Board of CrossFirst Bank until the Effective Time.

As previously described in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus,
Mr. Maddox and Busey entered into a letter agreement in connection with the Merger (the Maddox Letter Agreement). The
Maddox Letter Agreement has previously been described under the section of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus entitled The
MergerInterests of Certain CrossFirst Directors and Executive Officers in the MergerLetter Agreement with Michael J. Maddox,
which description is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Maddox Letter Agreement does not purport to be
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Maddox Letter Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Other than the Merger Agreement and the Maddox
Letter Agreement, there are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Maddox and any person
pursuant to which he was selected as the Executive Vice Chairman of Busey.

There are no family relationships between Mr. Maddox
and any of Buseys directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by Busey to become a director or executive officer,
and Mr. Maddox is not a party to any transaction requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Additional Executive Appointments

In connection with the Merger, effective at the
Effective Time, (i) Amy J. Fauss, the Chief Operating Officer of CrossFirst prior to the Effective Time, was
appointed Chief Information and Technology Officer of Busey and Busey Bank and (ii) Chip S. Jorstad, President of Credit and Bank
Administration of Busey Bank, was appointed Chief Credit Officer of Busey Bank. W. Randall Rapp, the President of CrossFirst Bank,
advised Busey that he will retire following the Merger and will not assume the position of President of Busey Bank as previously announced.
Michael J. Maddox became the Chief Executive Officer and President of Busey Bank at the Effective Time.

6

Executive Agreements

Effective at the Effective Time, Busey entered
into retention agreements with certain of its executive officers, including Amy L. Randolph, John J. Powers and Monica L. Bowe. The retention
agreements each provide for payment of a retention bonus (the Retention Bonus) in the amount of $2,091,870 for Ms. Randolph,
$813,505 for Mr. Powers and $1,627,010 for Ms. Bowe, respectively, less all applicable withholdings and deductions, payable,
in the case of Mr. Powers, in two equal installments within forty-five days following the Effective Time and on or as soon as practicable
following the first anniversary of the Effective Time, and in the case of Ms. Randolph and Ms. Bowe, one-third within forty-five
days following the Effective Time and one-third on or as soon as practicable following each of the first and second anniversaries of the
Effective Time, in each case, subject to the executives continued employment through the relevant payment date. Pursuant to the
retention agreements, each executive waives certain rights to terminate their employment with Busey for good reason pursuant
to, and as defined in, the executives existing employment agreement with Busey, as described in the retention agreements. If the
executives employment with Busey terminates prior to the final payment date by Busey without cause, by the executive
for good reason, upon Buseys non-renewal of the applicable term of employment or in the event of death or disability,
then, subject to the effectiveness of a release, the Retention Bonus will vest.

Each executive will remain subject to the covenants
regarding confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation and intellectual property set forth in such executives applicable
employment agreement, and in the event Busey determines that the executive has violated any such covenants, the executives eligibility
for and receipt of any unpaid portion of the Retention Bonus will immediately terminate.

In addition, effective at the Effective Time,
Busey entered into employment agreements with certain of its executive officers, including Scott A. Phillips, Buseys Interim Chief
Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Phillips agreement provides for one-year employment
terms that automatically renew each year unless either Mr. Phillips or Busey provides the other with notice of nonrenewal. The agreement
reflects the terms and conditions of Mr. Phillips employment with Busey and entitles him to an annual base salary and annual
performance bonuses and profit sharing benefits in accordance with Buseys plans, as well as participation generally in Buseys
other employee benefit plans, including a $500,000 life insurance policy. Mr. Phillips agreement provides that, in the event
that his employment is terminated by Busey other than for cause or disability or his agreement terminates due to Buseys non-renewal
of such agreement or if he terminates for good reason, he or his beneficiary will receive a severance payment equal to the sum of his
annual base salary plus the amount of his most recent performance bonus and one year of continued health insurance coverage. The employment
agreement also provides for payment of a Retention Bonus in the amount of $150,000, payable on the same terms as apply to Ms. Randolph
and Ms. Bowe, as described above.

The foregoing description of the retention agreements
and the employment agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Form of
Retention Agreement and the Employment Agreement, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.5 and 10.6, respectively, to this Current Report
on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws Change in Fiscal Year.

The information set forth under Item 3.03 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

7

In connection with the Merger and in accordance
with the Merger Agreement, effective as of the Effective Time, the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Busey were amended to provide
for certain arrangements related to the Board and the Bank Board (such amendment, the Bylaw Amendment, and Buseys
bylaws, as amended in accordance with the Bylaw Amendment, the Bylaws). The terms set forth in the Bylaw Amendment will
be applicable until the later of (i) March 1, 2028 and (ii) the two (2)-year anniversary of the date of the bank merger
(the Specified Period). These arrangements may be modified, amended or repealed by
the Board by the affirmative vote of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the entire Board.

The Bylaw
Amendment provides that, effective as of the Effective Time, the number of directors that comprise the Board is thirteen (13), of which
(i) eight (8) are Busey Designated Directors, including Mr. Dukeman, and (ii) five (5) are CrossFirst Designated
Directors, including Mr. Maddox and Mr. Brenneman.

The Bylaw
Amendment also provides that, effective as of the Effective Time, (i) Mr. Dukeman will continue to serve as the Executive Chairman
of the Board and as the Chief Executive Officer of Busey, reporting to the Board, and as the Executive Chairman of Busey Bank, reporting
to the Bank Board and (ii) Mr. Maddox will serve as the Executive Vice Chairman of the Board and as the President of Busey,
reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of Busey, and as the Chief Executive Officer of Busey Bank, reporting to the Executive Chairman
of the Bank Board.

The Bylaw
Amendment also provides that, effective as of the date immediately following the earlier of (i) the twelve (12) month anniversary
of the Bank Merger and (ii) the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Effective Time, (a) Mr. Dukeman will continue to
serve as the Executive Chairman of the Board, reporting to the Board, and as the Executive Chairman of the Bank Board, reporting to the
Bank Board, and (b) Mr. Maddox will serve as the Executive Vice Chairman of the Board and as the Chief Executive Officer and
President of Busey, reporting to the Board, and as the Chief Executive Officer of Busey Bank, reporting to the Bank Board.

If during
the Specified Period Mr. Dukeman is no longer serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Busey for any reason prior to the time at
which Mr. Maddox would otherwise become the Chief Executive Officer of Busey, Mr. Maddox will succeed Mr. Dukeman as Chief
Executive Officer of Busey.

Messrs. Dukeman
and Maddox can only be removed from the leadership positions described above, have their reporting relationships modified or have their
employment arrangements amended in a manner that is adverse to them with a majority vote of the entire Board.

The Bylaw
Amendment also provides that the composition of the Bank Board will be identical to that of the Board.

The Bylaw
Amendment also addresses certain other governance matters, including (i) that Mr. Brenneman will serve as the Lead Independent
Director of the Board for two years following the Effective Time and (ii) matters related to the committees of the Board and the
composition of such committees.

The Merger
Agreement and the Bylaw Amendment provide that, following the Effective Time, the headquarters of Busey will be located in or near Kansas
City, Missouri and the main office and legal headquarters of Busey Bank will remain in Champaign, Illinois.

8

The foregoing
description of the Bylaw Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the Bylaws and the Bylaw Amendment, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 3.4 and 3.5, respectively to this Current Report on Form 8-K
and are incorporated herein by reference. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Item 5.03
shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Bylaw Amendment.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On March 3, 2025, Busey issued a press release
announcing the completion of the Merger. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K
and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) Financial statements of businesses acquired.

(i) Audited consolidated
balance sheets of CrossFirst as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive
income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows of CrossFirst for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2024, the notes related thereto, and the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Report of Forvis Mazars,
LLP, dated February 24, 2025, are filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated
herein by reference.

(b) Pro forma financial information.

Unaudited pro forma combined financial
statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024, and the notes related thereto, are filed as Exhibit 99.3 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

(d) Exhibits

The following exhibits are filed as part of this Current Report on
Form 8-K:

Exhibit 

No. Description of Filed Exhibit

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 26, 2024, by and between First Busey Corporation and CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to First Busey Corporations Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2024).

3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of First Busey Corporation, together with: (1) the Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated July 31, 2007; (2) the Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated December 3, 2009; (3) the Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated May 21, 2010; and (4) the Certificate of Change Pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes Section 78.209, dated September 8, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to First Busey Corporations Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 6, 2015).

3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of First Busey Corporation, dated May 22, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to First Busey Corporations Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on May 29, 2020).

9

3.3 Certificate
of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of First Busey Corporation, dated February 27, 2025.*

3.4 Second
Amended and Restated By-Laws of First Busey Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to First Busey Corporations
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2023).

3.5 Amendment to the Second
Amended and Restated By-laws of First Busey Corporation.*

3.6 Certificate of Designation
of Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock of First Busey Corporation.*

10.1 Letter
Agreement, dated August 26, 2024, by and between First Busey Corporation and Van A. Dukeman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to First Busey Corporations Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2024).

10.2 Letter
Agreement, dated August 26, 2024, by and between First Busey Corporation and Michael J. Maddox (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 99.1 to First Busey Corporations Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2024).

10.3 Employment
Agreement, dated June 1, 2020, by and between CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. and Michael J. Maddox.*

10.4 CrossFirst
Bankshares, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated.*

10.5 Form of Retention
Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2025.*

10.6 Employment Agreement,
dated as of March 1, 2025, by and between First Busey Corporation, Busey Bank and Scott A. Phillips.*

23.1 Consent of Forvis Mazars,
LLP.*

99.1 Press Release, dated
March 3, 2025.*

99.2 Audited
consolidated balance sheets of CrossFirst as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income,
comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows of CrossFirst for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2024, the notes related thereto, and the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Report of Forvis
Mazars, LLP, dated February 24, 2025.*

99.3 Unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024, and the notes related thereto.*

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

*Filed Herewith

10

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: March 3, 2025 FIRST BUSEY CORPORATION

By: /s/ Scott A. Phillips

Scott A. Phillips

Interim Chief Financial Officer, 

Executive Vice President & Chief Accounting Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.3
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.3

Filed in the Office of
Secretary of State
State Of Nevada
Business Number
C6781-1993
Filing Number
20254696516
Filed On
2/27/2025 10:02:00 AM
Number of Pages
3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.5
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.5

AMENDMENT

TO THE

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS

OF

FIRST BUSEY CORPORATION

The Second Amended and Restated
By-Laws of First Busey Corporation (the By-Laws) shall be amended as follows:

A new Article X
shall be added to the By-Laws to state:

ARTICLE X

CERTAIN GOVERNANCE MATTERS

Section 10.1. Interpretation;
Definitions.

(a) The
provisions of this Article X shall apply notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the other Articles of these By-Laws.
In the event of any inconsistency or conflict between any provision of this Article X and any other provision of these By-Laws, including
Section 10.6 of these By-Laws with respect to Section 9.1 of these By-Laws, such provision of this Article X shall control.

(b) The
following definitions shall apply to this Article X:

(i) Bank
Board shall mean the Board of Directors of Busey Bank.

(ii) Bank
Merger Date shall mean the date of the merger of CrossFirst Bank with and into Busey Bank.

(iii) Busey
Bank shall mean Busey Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of the corporation.

(iv) CrossFirst
Bank shall mean CrossFirst Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the corporation.

(v) Designated
Exchange shall mean the primary stock exchange on which the corporations common stock is listed.

(vi) Effective
Time shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August __, 2024, by and between
First Busey Corporation and CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc., as it may have been amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time.

(vii) Entire
Board of Directors shall mean the total number of directors that the Board would have if there were no vacancies.

(viii) Legacy
CrossFirst shall mean CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc., a Kansas corporation, which has merged with and into the corporation
effective as of the Effective Time.

(ix) Legacy
CrossFirst Directors shall mean the persons who were directors of Legacy CrossFirst immediately prior to the Effective Time
and who were designated to be directors of the corporation by Legacy CrossFirst prior to the Effective Time (other than Michael J. Maddox)
and any additional directors nominated by the Legacy CrossFirst Directors Nominating Committee pursuant to Section 10.3(d) of
this Article X provided that if Michael J. Maddox is for any reason not serving as a director of the corporation he shall not be
considered a Legacy CrossFirst Director and the Legacy CrossFirst Director Nominating Committee shall not have any ongoing authority or
right to nominate a replacement director for such directorship (i.e., there will only be four (4) Legacy CrossFirst Directors and
directorships).

(x) Legacy
CrossFirst Directors Nominating Committee shall mean a committee of the Board comprised of all of the Legacy CrossFirst Directors
who satisfy the independence requirements (and any other requirements) for nominating committee membership under the rules of the
Designated Exchange.

(xi) Legacy
First Busey shall mean First Busey Corporation, a Nevada corporation, as in existence immediately prior to the Effective Time.

(xii) Legacy
First Busey Directors shall mean the persons who were directors of Legacy First Busey or Busey Bank immediately prior to the
Effective Time and who were designated to be directors of the corporation by Legacy First Busey prior to the Effective Time and any additional
directors nominated by the Legacy First Busey Directors Nominating Committee pursuant to Section 10.3(e) of this Article X.

(xiii) Legacy
First Busey Directors Nominating Committee shall mean a committee of the Board comprised of all of the Legacy First Busey Directors
who satisfy the independence requirements (and any other requirements) for nominating committee membership under the rules of the
Designated Exchange.

(xiv) Specified
Period shall mean the period beginning at the Effective Time and ending on the later of (A) the three (3) year anniversary
of the Effective Time and (B) the two (2) year anniversary of the Bank Merger Date.

Section 10.2. Executive
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

(a) Effective
as of the Effective Time, (i) Van A. Dukeman shall continue to serve as Executive Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
of the corporation and shall report to the Board and as Executive Chairman of the Bank Board and shall report to the Bank Board and (ii) Michael
J. Maddox shall serve as Executive Vice Chairman of the Board and President of the corporation and shall report to the Chief Executive
Officer of the corporation and as Chief Executive Officer of Busey Bank and shall report to the Executive Chairman of the Bank Board.

-2- 

(b) Effective
as of the date immediately following the earlier of (i) the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Bank Merger Date, and (ii) the
eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Effective Time, (A) Van A. Dukeman shall continue to serve as Executive Chairman of the Board
and shall report to the Board and as Executive Chairman of the Bank Board and shall report to the Bank Board and (B) Michael J. Maddox
shall serve as Executive Vice Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and President of the corporation and shall report to the
Board and as Chief Executive Officer of Busey Bank and shall report to the Bank Board.

(c) In
the event that during the Specified Period Van A. Dukeman shall no longer serve as Chief Executive Officer of the corporation, Michael
J. Maddox shall serve as Chief Executive Officer of the corporation.

(d) During
the Specified Period, (i) any removal of any of the individuals serving in the capacities set forth in subsections (a), (b) and
(c) above from, or failure to appoint, re-elect or re-nominate any of them to, any such positions at the specified time during the
Specified Period, (ii) any amendment or modification to any employment, consulting or similar agreement with either of them to the
extent such amendment or modification would adversely affect such individual, (iii) any termination of their employment by, or other
service with, the corporation or any subsidiary of the corporation, or (iv) any modification to any of their respective reporting
relationships as set forth in these By-Laws shall, in each case, require the affirmative vote of a majority of the Entire Board of Directors.
During the Specified Period, for so long as Van A. Dukeman is the Executive Chairman of the Board the position of Executive Chairman of
the Board shall be an officer of the corporation. During the Specified Period, for so long as Van A. Dukeman is the Executive Chairman
of the Bank Board the position of Executive Chairman of the Bank Board shall be an officer of Busey Bank.

(e) During
the Specified Period, upon the death, resignation, removal or disqualification of, or other cessation of service by, Van A. Dukeman or
Michael J. Maddox in the positions specified above during the time periods specified above, except as set forth in subsection (d) above,
an individual approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Entire Board of Directors shall be appointed to serve in such positions.

Section 10.3. Composition
of the Board and the Bank Board. During the Specified Period:

(a) The
Entire Board of Directors shall be comprised of thirteen (13) directors, of which five (5) shall be Legacy CrossFirst Directors designated
by Legacy CrossFirst (one of whom, as of the Effective Time, shall be Michael J. Maddox and one of whom, as of the Effective Time, shall
be Rodney Brenneman if he shall be the Chair of the Board of Directors of Legacy CrossFirst immediately prior to the Effective Time, in
which case Rodney Brenneman shall also be, as of the Effective Time, the Lead Independent Director of the Board) and eight (8) shall
be Legacy First Busey Directors designated by First Busey (one of whom, as of the Effective Time, shall be Van A. Dukeman). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Entire Board of Directors the number of directors constituting the Entire
Board of Directors may be increased to add additional directors in connection with a direct or indirect acquisition by the corporation
or in connection with a capital raising by the corporation;

-3- 

(b) All
vacancies resulting from the cessation of service by any Legacy CrossFirst Director for any reason shall be filled by the Board with a
nominee selected by the Legacy CrossFirst Directors Nominating Committee;

(c) All
vacancies resulting from the cessation of service by any Legacy First Busey Director for any reason shall be filled by the Board with
a nominee selected by the Legacy First Busey Directors Nominating Committee;

(d) The
Legacy CrossFirst Directors Nominating Committee shall have the exclusive authority to nominate, on behalf of the Board, directors for
election at each annual meeting of the corporation, or at any special meeting of the corporation at which directors are to be elected,
to fill each seat previously held by a Legacy CrossFirst Director;

(e) The
Legacy First Busey Directors Nominating Committee shall have the exclusive authority to nominate, on behalf of the Board, directors for
election at each annual meeting of the corporation, or at any special meeting of the corporation at which directors are to be elected,
to fill each seat previously held by a Legacy First Busey Director;

(f) All
vacancies on the Board resulting from the cessation of service by any Legacy CrossFirst Director or any Legacy First Busey Director shall
be promptly filled by the Board with the individuals chosen as provided for in this Article X; and

(g) If
(i) Rodney Brenneman does not become the Lead Independent Director of the Board as contemplated in Section 10.3(a) above,
(ii) upon the death, resignation, removal or disqualification of, or other cessation of service by, Rodney Brenneman as the Lead
Independent Director of the Board, or (iii) upon the two (2) year anniversary of the Effective Time, the Lead Independent Director
of the Board shall be a director approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Entire Board of Directors. The Lead Independent
Director shall qualify as an independent director under the rules of the Designated Exchange.

(h) During
the Specified Period, the composition of the Bank Board shall be identical to that of the Board.

Section 10.4. Composition
of Committees.

(a) During
the Specified Period, the Board shall have and maintain as standing committees an Executive Management Compensation and Succession Committee,
an Audit Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (which, during the Specified Period, shall have two subcommittees,
the Legacy CrossFirst Directors Nominating Committee and the Legacy First Busey Directors Nominating Committee, which shall be solely
responsible for nominating and electing Legacy CrossFirst Directors and First Busey Legacy Directors, respectively, as set forth in these
By-Laws) and an Enterprise Risk Committee.

(b) During
the Specified Period, the Board may by resolution (which shall require the affirmative vote of a majority of the Entire Board of Directors)
establish any committees not expressly contemplated by these By-Laws composed of directors as they may determine to be necessary or appropriate
for the conduct of business of the corporation and may prescribe the composition, duties and procedures thereof, subject to Section 10.4
(c) below.

-4- 

(c) During
the Specified Period, each committee of the Board shall have at least one (1) Legacy CrossFirst Director, provided that, if any such
committee shall have five (5) or more members, such committee shall have at least two (2) Legacy CrossFirst Directors and; provided
further, that each of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Executive Management Compensation and Succession Committee
shall have at least five (5) members.

(d) During
the Specified Period, the Board shall have and maintain the Legacy CrossFirst Directors Nominating Committee. At the end of the Specified
Period, the Legacy CrossFirst Directors Nominating Committee shall be automatically disbanded.

(e) During
the Specified Period, the Board shall have and maintain a Legacy First Busey Directors Nominating Committee. At the end of the Specified
Period, the Legacy First Busey Directors Nominating Committee shall be automatically disbanded.

Section 10.5. Names;
Headquarters. During the Specified Period, (a) the name of the corporation shall be First Busey Corporation and
the name of Busey Bank shall be Busey Bank, (b) the legal headquarters of the corporation shall be located in or near
Kansas City, Missouri and (c) the main office and legal headquarters of Busey Bank shall be in Champaign, Illinois.

Section 10.6. Amendments.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth
in these By-Laws, during the Specified Period, this Article X may be altered, amended or repealed (voluntarily or by merger, consolidation
or otherwise by operation of law), and any Bylaw provision or other resolution inconsistent with these By-Laws may be adopted, by the
Board only by (and any such alteration, amendment, repeal or inconsistent Bylaw provisions and other resolutions may be proposed or recommended
by the Board for adoption by the shareholders of the corporation only by) an affirmative vote of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of
the Entire Board of Directors, provided, however, that the foregoing shall not divest or limit the power of the stockholders to alter,
amend, repeal or adopt By-Laws.

-5-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.6
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.6
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.6

Filed in the Office of
Secretary of State
State Of Nevada
Business Number
C6781-1993
Filing Number
20254696374
Filed On
2/27/2025 10:02:00 AM
Number of Pages
10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement)
is made and entered into on June 1, 2020 (the Effective Date) by and between CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. a Kansas corporation,
(Bankshares) and Michael J. Maddox, (Employee), with reference to the following facts:

RECITALS:

The parties have agreed to execute this Agreement
in order to memorialize the terms and conditions on which Bankshares shall employ Employee from and after the Effective Date of this Agreement.

Certain rights described below may inure to the
benefit of other companies affiliated with Bankshares by virtue of being controlled by Bankshares (Affiliated Companies).
As the context requires or as applicable, Bankshares or an Affiliated Company is herein referred to as the Company.

AGREEMENTS:

Now, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound,
do hereby agree as follows:

1. POSITION AND DUTIES.

1.1 POSITION, TITLE, AND DUTIES. The Company
hereby hires Employee to serve as the President and CEO of the Company. Employees primary duty is to direct the strategic and
operational growth of the Company and its subsidiary, CrossFirst Bank (the Bank). Employee will also serve as a
director of the Company and the Bank but will not be paid fees for serving as a director.

(a) LIMITS ON AUTHORITY. Employee shall, to
the best of his abilities, perform his duties in such capacity pursuant to this Agreement in compliance with applicable law,
consistent with such direction as the Companys Board of Directors (the Board of Directors) provides to Employee
from time to time, and in accordance with Companys policies and procedures as published from time to time.

(b) REPORTING AND AUTHORITY. Subject to the
directions of the Board of Directors, Employee shall have full authority and responsibility for supervising and managing to the best
of his ability, the daily affairs of the Company including but not limited to: (i) presenting to the Company all business
opportunities that come to his attention that are reasonably in the scope of business of the Company (ii) working with the
Company to develop and approve business objectives, policies and plans that improve the Companys long-term profitability and
consequently improve the value of shareholder holdings (iii) communicating business objectives and plans to subordinates, (iv)
ensuring that plans and policies are promulgated to and implemented by subordinate managers, (v) ensuring that each business plan
provides those functions required for achieving its business objectives and that each plan is properly organized, staffed and
directed to fulfill its responsibilities, (vi) assisting the Company in directing periodic reviews of the Companys strategic
position and combining this information with corollary analysis of the Companys production and financial resources, (vii) providing
periodic financial information concerning the operations of the projects and growth plans to the Company, (viii) assisting the
Company in developing and maintaining succession plans and management personnel for the Company and its Affiliated Companies
and (ix) ensuring that the operation of the projects comply with applicable laws.

CFB Employment Agreement 1 

1.2 ACCEPTANCE. Employee hereby accepts
employment by the Company in the capacity set forth in Section 1.1, above, and agrees to perform the duties of such position from
and after the Effective Date of this Agreement in a diligent, efficient, trustworthy, and businesslike manner. Employee agrees that,
to the best of the Employees ability and experience, Employee at all times shall loyally and conscientiously discharge all of the
duties and responsibilities imposed upon Employee pursuant to this Agreement.

1.3 BUSINESS TIME. Employee shall devote his
exclusive business time to the performance of his duties to the Company under Section 1.1 and elsewhere in this Agreement. Employee
shall not undertake any activities that conflict with or significantly detract from his primary duties to the Company.

1.4 LOCATION. Employee shall perform his
duties under this Agreement primarily in Leawood, Kansas and potentially other regions of the United States where the Company, or
its Affiliated Companies, are active in conducting banking and other related service activities. Employee acknowledges and agrees
that from time to time he shall be required to travel (at the cost and expense of the Company) to such other locations in order to
discharge his duties under this Agreement.

1.5 TERM. The term of this Agreement
commenced as of the Effective Date and shall be for a term of two (2) years, which term shall thereafter automatically renew for
successive one (1) year terms unless: i) Company or Employee serve a Notice of Termination upon the other party of intent to not
renew the term of this Agreement within thirty (30) days prior to the ensuing termination date, or ii) earlier terminated in
accordance with Section 3, below.

1. STOCKHOLDING REQUIREMENT. The Board of
Directors of the Company believes that it will be essential for Employee to participate in the Companys future growth as an
equity stakeholder as well as an employee. As a condition to Employees employment with the Company, Employee will be required to
hold a minimum of four hundred thousand dollars ($400,000) worth of Company stock (Required Stock). As a condition of
Employees continued employment with the Company, Employee shall not sell or transfer any Required Stock without the prior
consent of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee). In the event Employee
fails to hold sufficient Company stock with a value equal to or in excess of the required minimum value for more than ninety (90)
consecutive days, and unless such requirement is waived by the Compensation Committee, Employee shall be deemed to be in material
breach of this Agreement.

2. COMPENSATION. The Company shall compensate Employee for his
services pursuant to this Agreement as follows:

2.1 BASE COMPENSATION.

(a.) BASE SALARY. The Company shall pay to
Employee an annual salary in the amount of five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000.00) (Base Salary), payable in
periodic installments in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices as in effect from time to time. Such annual salary
shall be subject to approval by the Compensation Committee. In addition, such annual salary is subject to periodic increases, in
such amounts (if any) as the Company may determine to be appropriate, at the time of Employees annual review pursuant to Section
2.1(b), below, or at such other times (if any) as the Company may select. In no event may Employees Base Salary be reduced
during the term of this Agreement, without Employees consent.

(b.) PERIODIC REVIEWS. The Company shall
review Employees performance of his duties pursuant to this Agreement at least annually and from time to time and advise Employee
of the results of that review. In connection with each such review, the Company shall evaluate whether any increase in Employees
compensation under Section 2.1(a), above, is appropriate. Any annual salary increase shall be effective as of such date as the
Company, in its discretion, determines to be appropriate.

CFB Employment Agreement 2 

2.2 BONUSES.

(a) CRITERIA. Employee shall be eligible to
receive periodic incentive bonuses under the Companys Incentive Plan (the Bonuses) in such amounts, if any, and
at such times as may be determined by the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion. Employees bonus opportunity shall be
60% of Employees current Base Salary for the full 2020 calendar year. By no later than March 15 of each year, the
Compensation Committee will define the terms and conditions of such Bonuses for Employee for the following year based upon
reasonable, measurable and obtainable goals for Employee and the Company.

(b) TIMING OF PAYMENT. The Bonus, if any,
payable for each calendar year during the term of this Agreement shall be payable on or before March 15st of the calendar
year immediately following the end of the calendar year in which such Bonus is earned.

2.3 FRINGE BENEFITS/VACATION.

(a) VACATION. Employee is trusted to take
reasonable vacation time when needed. Employee will not receive compensation upon termination or credit in future calendar years for
any unused vacation time.

(b) OTHER FRINGE BENEFITS. Employee shall be
eligible to participate, on the same terms and conditions as all other employees of the Company, in all reasonable and customary
fringe benefit plans made available to the employees of the Company and its Affiliated Companies, including but not limited to,
Group Health Insurance (medical, vision and dental) and Long and Short Term Disability Insurance. The Company shall not materially
reduce the life insurance, medical, health and accident, or disability plans currently available to Employee unless such reductions
are implemented by the Company as part of a Company-wide cost reduction program and applicable to all of the Companys senior
management employees. To the extent that any other employee of the Company may receive or become entitled to any additional fringe
benefit, Employee shall also be entitled to receive such benefit.

(c) MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS. The Company at
its expense shall provide Employee with iPhones and iPads and data plan for his use in connection with the Companys business
with a provider acceptable to the Company. Employee shall use and maintain such devises in a reasonable manner. The Company shall
pay for the purchase of such initial devices for Employees use and a replacement when such devices are eligible for full
replacement under Employees data plan.

(d) AUTOMOBILE ALLOWANCE. Company shall
provide Employee with an automobile allowance of one thousand five hundred dollars ($1,500) per month, prorated for partial months
worked, which shall be in lieu of any expense reimbursement for automobile or automobile-related expenditures (other than
expenditures for car service or other transportation costs associated with Employees business travel, which shall be reimburse in
accordance with the terms of Section 2.4, below) or use of a Company owned or leased vehicle.

(e) CLUB MEMBERSHIPS. Employee shall be
eligible for the continued use of three of his existing club memberships for his use in connection with the Companys
business, which is acceptable with the Company, provided no regulation is promulgated or regulatory action is taken affecting the
legal ability of Company to do so. Monthly club dues and all reasonable expenses incurred by Employee in connection with using such
club for the Companys business shall be reimbursed to Employee by the Company. Employee shall be responsible for maintaining
use records in accordance with applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and Regulations.

CFB Employment Agreement 3 

2.4 REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES. Company shall
reimburse Employee for business expenses incurred by Employee in the performance of his duties, provided that such expenses are
authorized under Companys Expense Reimbursement policy, in reasonable amounts, incurred for ordinary and necessary
Company-related business expenses and are supported by itemized accountings and expense receipts that are timely submitted to the
Company prior to any reimbursement.

2.5 STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS. Upon the
Effective Date of this Agreement, Employee shall be granted an additional twenty five thousand nine hundred and seven (25,907) stock
settled appreciation rights (SSARs) subject to the Companys 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (Omnibus
Plan) and the terms approved by the Compensation Committee at a Grant Price of nine dollars and thirty five cents ($9.35) per
share vesting in one third increments (eight thousand six hundred and thirty-six (8,636) SSARs on March 1, 2021, eight thousand six
hundred and thirty-six (8,636) SSARs on February 28, 2022, and eight thousand six hundred and thirty-five (8,635) SSARs on February
27, 2023). In addition to all other vesting rights under the Omnibus Plan, in the event of Employees resignation during the
term, such grant of twenty five thousand nine hundred and seven (25,907) SSARs will fully vest should Employees resignation
be a result of an event that gives Employee grounds for a Constructive Termination as that term is defined in the
Severance Plan (as defined in Section 3.1(c) below). These SSARs are granted at no net cost to the employee. Employees rights
in the shares may change in accordance with the provisions of the Omnibus Plan, as the same may be amended.

2 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN. As an active key
employee in Company and its affiliates, Employee shall have the right to participate in the current Omnibus Plan for certain
eligible key employees, a copy of which has been provided by Employer. As a part of Employees compensation under this
Agreement, Employee shall have the right to participate in the Omnibus Plan as determined by the Compensation Committee, subject to
vesting and other rights described in the Omnibus Plan. Employees initial equity incentive bonus opportunity effective in
2021 shall be no less than 50% of Employees Base Salary. Incentive Rights are granted at no net cost to the employee.
Employees rights in any equity awards may change in accordance with the provisions of the Omnibus Plan. Upon the Effective
Date of this Agreement, Employee shall be granted an additional five thousand three hundred and seventy-six (5,376) shares of
time-based restricted stock units that will vest in approximate one third increments on March 1, 2021, February 28, 2022 and
February 27, 2023.

3 TERMINATION.

3.1 DEFINTIONS. For purposes of this Agreement, the term:

(a) DATE OF TERMINATION or
TERMINATION DATE shall mean the date specified in a Notice of Termination (as defined below).

(b) NOTICE OF TERMINATION shall
mean a written notice, which includes the effective Date of Termination and (i) if delivered by the Company in connection with the
Companys decision to terminate Employees employment with the Company, sets forth in reasonable detail the reason for termination
of Employees employment, or (ii) if delivered by Employee in connection with a Constructive Termination (as such term is defined in
the Severance Plan (as defined in Section 3.1(c) below)), specifies in reasonable detail the basis for such resignation.

(c) SEVERANCE PLAN shall mean the CrossFirst
Bankshares, Inc. Senior Executive Severance Plan.

3.2 TERMINATION BY EMPLOYEE OR COMPANY DUE
TO DEATH OR DISABILITY. If the Company terminates Employee during the term of this Agreement due to death or Disability or Employee
terminates this Agreement due to Disability then following such termination the Company shall pay to Employee or Employees
legal representative:

CFB Employment Agreement 4 

(a) ACCRUED OBLIGATION. A lump sum cash
payment equal to Employees accrued, earned but unpaid compensation and bonuses for the period ending on the Date of
Termination, provided, that such payment shall not include any potential or unearned bonuses or any other potential or unearned or
benefits (Accrued Obligations) shall be made on the sixtieth (60th) day following the Employees Date
of Termination and

(b) COBRA PAYMENT. A lump sum cash payment
equal to twelve (12) times the Company-paid portion of the monthly COBRA continuation premium for Employee and his eligible
dependents, if any, for COBRA continuation coverage under the Companys health, vision and dental plans in effect as of Employees
Date of Termination due to Disability or death. Such amount will include the Company paid portion of the cost of the premiums for
coverage of Employees dependents if, and only to the extent that, such dependents were enrolled in a health, vision or dental plan
sponsored by the Company before the Date of Termination.

For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall have the
meaning ascribed in the Severance Plan

3.3 OTHER TERMINATIONS. In the case of a
termination for any reason other than Employees death or Disability, Employee shall only be entitled to those severance benefits,
if any, provided for under the Severance Plan (Severance Payments)

3.4 CONDITIONAL NATURE OF SEVERANCE
PAYMENTS. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 3 or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary:

(a) NONSOLICITATION. Employee understands
and agrees that because of his employment with the Company that he will acquire or have access to certain information of a
confidential and secret nature derived from the operations of the Companys and its Affiliated Companies business.
Employee further understands and agrees that all correspondence, customer and investor lists and information, loan pricing
techniques, underwriting methods, systems and products of the Company are confidential and trade secrets (Confidential
Information) and the disclosure or unauthorized use of such information would be detrimental to the Company. Employee
understands and agrees that the nature of the Companys business is such that if Employee were to directly solicit, interfere with,
or attempt to interfere with any of the Companys customer relationships or to directly or indirectly solicit, interfere with,
or attempt to interfere with any of the Companys other employees relationships that existed at Employees Termination
Date and during the one (1) year period following the termination of Employees employment with the Company, then it would be
injurious to the Company. Therefore in consideration of the Employee and the Company complying with the terms of his employment, and
subject to the condition precedent of the Company timely providing Employee the payments called for hereunder, Employee agrees:

(i) that, without the prior written consent
of the Company, he will not directly or indirectly solicit interfere with or attempt to interfere with any of the Companys
customer relationships or other employee relationships that existed at Employees Termination Date and during the one (1) year
period of time thereafter

(ii) to assist in the avoidance of the
unauthorized disclosure of the Companys Confidential Information, in addition to other remedies available to the Company and its
Affiliated Companies, Employee will not, and understands and agrees that his right to receive the severance consideration described
in Sections 3.2 and 3.3 above (to the extent Employee is otherwise entitled to such payments thereunder) shall be conditioned upon
Employee not: i) directly or indirectly engaging in (whether as an employee, consultant, agent, proprietor, principal, partner,
stockholder, corporate officer, director or otherwise) or ii) acquiring any ownership interest in or participating in the
financing, operation, management or control of, any person, firm, corporation or business that directly or indirectly solicits,
interferes with or attempts to interfere with any of the Companys customer relationships or other employee relationships that
existed at Employees Termination Date in any Metropolitan Statistical Area as defined from time to time by the U.S. Office of
Management and Budget, Bureau of Labor Statistics, in which the Company or its successor owns controlling voting interest in any
banking or other financial institution as such banking or other financial institutions are controlled by the Company or its
Affiliated Companies upon Employees Termination Date. The limitation upon Employees ownership of outstanding shares or
other units of ownership shall be excluded from this Section 3.4, provided such ownership is less than five (5) percent in any
publicly-traded bank or financial institution

CFB Employment Agreement 5 

(iii) without the prior written consent of
the Company, Employee will not solicit, directly or indirectly, actively or inactively, the employees or independent contractors of
the Company to become employees or independent contractors of any person, firm, corporation, business, or banking or other financial
institution that directly or indirectly competes with the Company or solicits, interferes with, or attempts to interfere with the
Companys customers and,

(iv) on or before the Date of
Termination, Employee shall return to Company, all records, lists, compositions, documents and
other items which contain, disclose and/or embody any Confidential Information (including, without limitation, all copies,
reproductions, summaries and notes of the contents thereof, expressly including all electronically stored data, wherever stored),
regardless of the person causing the same to be in such form, and Employee will certify that the provisions of this paragraph have
been complied with.

If Employee violates any restriction described
in Section 3.4(a), then all Severance Payments and consideration to which Employee otherwise may be entitled under Section 3.2 and 3.3
above, as applicable, thereupon shall cease and Employee shall promptly return to the Company all severance payments received and other
severance benefits theretofore incurred by Company for Employees benefit. The Company agrees that nothing herein shall preclude
Employee from retaining copies of his calendar, contact list or documents related to his investment in Company or responsibilities as
a director to Company, and that Employee shall be entitled to freely offer employment references to the Companys other current
or former employees.

(b) OTHER EMPLOYMENT. In the event Employee
becomes employed as an employee or consultant for a company that provides banking services similar to services provided by the
Company or its Affiliated Companies in a Metropolitan Statistical Area, described in Section 3.4(a)(ii), above, Employee shall not
be entitled to receive any further amount of the severance consideration described in Sections 3.2 and 3.3 above, subsequent to the
date of such employment. Employee acknowledges that this limitation is fair to both Employee and the Company and does not in any way
restrain employee from exercising Employees lawful profession, trade or business.

(c) GENERAL RELEASE. Employee shall not be
entitled to receive any benefits upon termination of employment described in this Section 3 (including any Severance Payments under
the Severance Plan or described in Section 3.2 above) unless prior to receiving the same Employee executes a release pursuant to
Section 9 of the Severance Plan, as applicable, or a general release of all known claims against the Company and its directors,
officers, employees, stockholders, and other agents and their respective insurers, successors, and assigns, of all claims arising
from or in any way relating to Employees employment by the Company or the termination of that employment, provided that such
release shall not extend to (i) any claims for benefits under any qualified retirement plan maintained by the Company, (ii) any
claims for governmental unemployment benefits, or (iii) any claims for workers compensation benefits (iv) Employees
rights, if any, under the Plan, (v) Employees rights, if any, as an owner of any Shares of the Company, (vi) Employees
rights under this Agreement, or (vii) Employees right to receive indemnification from the Company under applicable provisions of
the law of the State where Employee is employed or the articles of organization, articles of incorporation, By Laws or Operating
Agreement of the Company or its Affiliated Companies, as the case may be.

CFB Employment Agreement 6 

3 EQUITABLE REMEDIES. Employee acknowledges
that irreparable harm will result to the Company in the event of a material breach by Employee of any of the covenants contained in
Section 3.4. Employee agrees that, in the event of such a breach and in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies available
to the Company, the Company will be entitled to specific performance of the covenants in Section 3.4 to an injunction to
restrain the violation of such covenants by Employee and all other persons acting for or with Employee or to both specific
performance and an injunction. Employee further agrees that, in the event the Company brings an action for the enforcement of any of
those covenants, and if the court finds any part of the covenant unreasonable as to time, area or activity covered, then the court
shall make a finding as to what is reasonable and shall enforce this Agreement by judgment or decree to the extent of such
findings.

4 MISCELLANEOUS

4.1 NOTICES. All notices permitted or
required by this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be deemed to have been delivered and received (i) when personally
delivered, or (ii) on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which deposited in the United States mail, postage
prepaid, certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, or (iii) on the date on which transmitted by an electronic means
generating a receipt confirming a successful transmission provided that on that same date a copy of such notice is deposited
in the United States mail, postage prepaid, certified or registered mail, return receipt requested), or (iv) on the next business
day after the date on which deposited with a regulated public carrier (e.g., Federal Express) designating overnight delivery service
with a return receipt requested or equivalent thereof administered by such regulated public carrier, freight prepaid, and addressed
in a sealed envelope to the party for whom intended at the address appearing on the signature page of this Agreement (if to the
Company to the attention of the Secretary of the Company and if to the Employee to the attention of the Employee), or such other
address or facsimile number, notice of which is given in a manner permitted by this Section 4.1.

4.2 EFFECT ON OTHER REMEDIES. Nothing in
this Agreement is intended to preclude, and no provision of this Agreement shall be construed to preclude, the exercise of any other
right or remedy which the Company or Employee may have by reason of the others breach of obligations under this Agreement.

4.3 BINDING ON SUCCESSORS ASSIGNMENT.
This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, each of the parties hereto, as well as their respective heirs,
successors, assigns, and personal representatives.

4.4 GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION AND VENUE.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and shall be governed by the laws of the State of Kansas, without regard to
conflict of law principles. Each party consents to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Kansas as the exclusive
jurisdiction for the purposes of construing or enforcing this Agreement and the venue of the District Court of the State of Kansas
in Johnson, County, Kansas and that any dispute relating to this Agreement shall be brought in the District Court of the State of
Kansas in Johnson, County, Kansas.

CFB Employment Agreement 7 

4.5 SEVERABILITY. If any of the provisions
of this Agreement shall otherwise contravene or be invalid under the laws of any state, country or other jurisdiction where this
Agreement is applicable but for such contravention or invalidity, such contravention or invalidity shall not invalidate all of the
provisions of this Agreement but rather it shall be construed, insofar as the laws of that state or other jurisdiction are
concerned, as not containing the provision or provisions contravening or invalid under the laws of that state or jurisdiction, and
the rights and obligations created hereby shall be construed and enforced accordingly.

4.6 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be
executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which, taken together, shall be one and the same
instrument, binding on all the signatories.

4.7 FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each party agrees,
upon the request of another party, to make, execute, and deliver, and to take such additional steps as may be necessary to
effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.

4.8 REASONABLE VERIFICATION. Company agrees
that Employee shall have reasonable access to the Companys books and records in order to verify the accuracy of Bonus calculations
that may be necessary following termination.

4.9 ENTIRE AGREEMENT AMENDMENT. This
Agreement (a) represents the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior
and contemporaneous understandings, whether written or oral, regarding the subject matter hereof, and (b) may not be modified or
amended, except by a written instrument, executed by the party against whom enforcement of such amendment may be sought.

4.10 TAXES.

(a) Anything to the contrary
notwithstanding, all payments made by the Company to Employee or Employees estate or beneficiaries will be subject to tax
withholding pursuant to any applicable laws or regulations. Except as provided in this Agreement, Employee will be solely liable and
responsible for the payment of taxes arising as a result of any payment hereunder including without limitation any unexpected or
adverse tax consequence.

(b) This Agreement is intended to comply
with the requirements of Code Section 409A (Section 409A). Accordingly, all provisions herein, or incorporated by
reference, shall be construed and interpreted to comply with Section 409A and if necessary, any provision shall be held null and
void to the extent such provision (or part thereof) fails to comply with Section 409A or regulations thereunder.

(c) If Employee is a specified employee
(within the meaning of Code Section 409A) at the time Employee incurs a separation from service (within the meaning of Section
409A), then to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A and avoid the imposition of taxes under Code Section 409A, the
payment of certain benefits owed to Employee under this Agreement will be delayed and instead paid (without interest) to Employee
upon the earlier of the first business day of the seventh month following Employees separation from service or death.

(d) The Company and Employee agree that, for
purposes of the limitations on nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, each payment of compensation under this
Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment of compensation for purposes of applying Section 409A deferral election rules and
the exclusion from Section 409A for certain short-term deferral amounts. The Company and Employee also agree that any amounts
payable solely on account of an involuntary separation from service of the Executive within the meaning of Section 409A shall be
excludible from the requirements of Section 409A, either as involuntary separation pay or as short-term deferral amounts (e.g.,
amounts payable under the schedule prior to March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year of involuntary separation) to
the maximum possible extent.

CFB Employment Agreement 8 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Agreement, all reimbursements and in kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance
with the requirements of Section 409A, including, where applicable, the requirement that (i) any reimbursement is for expenses
incurred during the period of time specified in this Agreement, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in kind
benefits provided, during a calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in kind benefits to be
provided, in any other calendar year, (iii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made no later than the last day of the
calendar year following the year in which the expense is incurred, and (iv) the right to reimbursement or in kind benefits is not
subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

4. 11409A. To the extent that any payment or
other consideration due from the Company to Employee hereunder would trigger any tax or penalty under Section 409A, the Company
agrees that it will accelerate such payment or other consideration to the extent allowed by law in order to eliminate such tax or
penalty. To the extent that any payment or other consideration called to be made under this Agreement fails to meet the requirements
of Section 409A and the regulations relating to that statute, the Company shall immediately pay to Employee an additional sum equal
to any amount required to be included as income as a result of such noncompliance.

[Signatures Appear on Following Page]

CFB Employment Agreement 9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement,
effective as of the date set forth above.

CROSSFIRST BANKSHARES, INC.

/s/ Rod K. Brenneman

Rod K. Brenneman,

Chairman of the Board

MICHAEL J. MADDOX

/s/ Michael J. Maddox

Michael J. Maddox

CFB Employment Agreement 10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

CROSSFIRST BANKSHARES,
INC.

2018 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE
PLAN

(As Amended and Restated)

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SECTION 1 INTRODUCTION 1

1.1 Establishment 1

1.2 Purpose 1

1.3 Duration 1

SECTION 2 DEFINITIONS 1

2.1 Definitions 1

2.2 General Interpretive Principles 8

SECTION 3 PLAN ADMINISTRATION 8

3.1 Composition of Committee 8

3.2 Authority of Committee 8

3.3 Committee Delegation 10

3.4 Determination Under the Plan 10

SECTION 4 STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN
AWARD LIMITS 11

4.1 Number of Shares 11

4.2 Source of Shares 11

4.3 Share Counting 11

4.4 Adjustments in Authorized Shares 11

4.5 General Adjustment Rules 12

4.6 Reservation of Rights 12

4.7 Dividend Equivalents 12

4.8 Cancellation and Rescission of Awards Clawback
Policy 12

4.9 Non-Employee Director Sublimit 13

SECTION 5 PARTICIPATION 13

5.1 Basis of Grant 13

5.2 Types of Grants Limits 13

5.3 Award Agreements 13

5.4 Restrictive Covenants 13

SECTION 6 STOCK OPTIONS 13

6.1 Grant of Options 13

6.2 Option Agreements 14

6.3 Stockholder Privileges 17

SECTION 7 STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 17

7.1 Grant of SARs 17

i

7.2 SAR Award Agreement 18

7.3 Exercise of SARs 18

7.4 Expiration of SARs 18

7.5 Adjustment of SARs 18

7.6 Payment of SAR Amount 19

SECTION 8 AWARDS OF RESTRICTED STOCK AND
RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 19

8.1 Restricted Stock Awards Granted by Committee 19

8.2 Restricted Stock Unit Awards Granted by Committee 19

8.3 Restrictions 19

8.4 Privileges of a Stockholder, Transferability 19

8.5 Enforcement of Restrictions 20

8.6 Termination of Service 20

SECTION 9 PERFORMANCE SHARES, PERFORMANCE
UNITS, BONUS SHARES, OTHER STOCK-BASED AWARDS, AND DEFERRED SHARES 20

9.1 Awards Granted by Committee 20

9.2 Terms of Performance Shares or Performance Units 20

9.3 Bonus Shares 21

9.4 Deferred Shares 21

SECTION 10 PERFORMANCE AWARDS 21

10.1 Terms of Performance Awards 21

10.2 Performance Goals 22

10.3 Adjustments 23

SECTION 11 CHANGE IN CONTROL 23

11.1 Effect of a Change in Control. 23

11.2 Other Permissible Actions with Respect to Awards
in a Change in Control 24

11.3 Board Discretion 24

SECTION 12 RIGHTS OF EMPLOYEES PARTICIPANTS 25

12.1 Employment 25

12.2 Nontransferability 25

12.3 Permitted Transfers 25

SECTION 13 GENERAL RESTRICTIONS 26

13.1 Investment Representations 26

13.2 Compliance with Securities Laws 26

ii

SECTION 14 OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFITS 27

SECTION 15 PLAN AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION,
AND TERMINATION 27

15.1 Amendment,
Modification, and Termination 27

15.2 Adjustment Upon Certain
Unusual or Nonrecurring Events 27

15.3 Awards Previously Granted 27

SECTION 16 WITHHOLDING 28

16.1 Withholding Requirement 28

16.2 Satisfaction of Withholding
Requirement 28

16.3 Withholding with Stock 28

SECTION 17 NONEXCLUSIVITY OF THE PLAN 28

17.1 Nonexclusivity of the
Plan 28

SECTION 18 REQUIREMENTS OF LAW 29

18.1 Requirements of Law 29

18.2 Code Section 409A 29

18.3 Rule 16b-3 30

18.4 Governing Law 30

iii

CROSSFIRST BANKSHARES,
INC. 

2018 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

(As amended and Restated)

SECTION 1 

INTRODUCTION

1.1 Establishment. CrossFirst Bankshares,
Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the state of Kansas, originally
established effective as of October 25, 2018, the CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 2018 Omnibus
Equity Incentive Plan for certain Service Providers of the Company and its Affiliates. The
Company hereby amends and restates the CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive
Plan effective as of the Effective Date (the Plan)

1.2 Purpose. The purpose of this Plan
is to allow eligible Service Providers of the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries
to acquire or increase a proprietary and vested interest in the growth and performance of
the Company. The Plan is also designed to assist the Company in attracting and retaining
selected Service Providers by providing them with the opportunity to participate in the success
and profitability of the Company.

1.3 Duration. The Plan shall commence
on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect, subject to the right of the Board to amend
or terminate the Plan at any time pursuant to Section 15 hereof, until all Shares subject
to the Plan shall have been issued, delivered, purchased, or acquired according to the Plans
provisions. Unless the Plan shall be reapproved by the stockholders of the Company and the
Board renews the continuation of the Plan, no Awards shall be issued pursuant to the Plan
after the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Effective Date.

SECTION 2 

DEFINITIONS

2.1 Definitions.
The following terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 1933 Act or Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933.

1934 Act or Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Affiliate of the Company
means any Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by, or is under common Control
with the Company.

Award means a grant made
under this Plan in any form, which may include but is not limited to, Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Bonus
Shares, Other Stock-Based Awards, Deferred Shares, Performance Shares, Stock Appreciation Rights, and Performance Units. Awards also
include Legacy Awards.

Award Agreement means
a written or electronic agreement or instrument between the Company and a Holder which evidences an Award and, in addition to being subject
to this Plan, sets forth such additional and applicable terms, conditions, and limitations as the Committee establishes for the Award.

Beneficiary means the
person, persons, trust, or trusts which have been designated by a Holder in his or her most recent written beneficiary designation filed
with the Company (or any third-party Plan record keeper or administrator) to receive the benefits specified under this Plan upon the
death of the Holder, or, if there is no designated beneficiary or surviving designated beneficiary, the Person or Persons entitled by
will or the laws of descent and distribution to receive such benefits.

Board means the Board
of Directors of the Company.

Bonus Shares means Shares
that are awarded to a Participant without cost and without restriction in recognition of past or future performance (whether determined
by reference to another employee benefit plan of the Company or otherwise) or as an incentive to become an Employee.

Cause means, unless otherwise
defined in an Award Agreement or otherwise defined in a Participants employment agreement (in which case such definition will apply),
any of the following:

(i) Participants engagement in any act
or acts of gross dishonesty or gross misconduct which result or are intended to result directly
or indirectly in gain or personal enrichment at the expense of the Company or its affiliates
and subsidiaries to which the Participant is not legally entitled

(ii) Participants conviction of, plea of
guilty to, or plea of nolo contendere to a felony or other crime that involves fraud or dishonesty

(iii) Any willful action or omission by
a Participant which (I) (A) would constitute grounds for immediate dismissal under any employment
policy of the Company by which Participant is employed, (B) is a material violation of such
policy and (C) in the determination of the Committee, could result in damage, liability or
reputational harm to the Company, including use of illegal drugs while on the premises of
the Company, or (II) is a violation of sexual harassment laws or the internal sexual harassment
policy of the Company by which Participant is employed

(iv) Participants employment is required
to be terminated by an order of a regulatory agency with authority over the Company or one
of its Subsidiaries

(v) Participants habitual neglect of duties,
including repeated absences from work without reasonable excuse or

(vi) Participants willful and intentional
material misconduct in the performance of his or her duties that results in financial detriment
to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries

provided, however, that for purposes
of clauses (iii), (iv), and (v), Cause shall not include any one or more of the following: bad judgment, negligence, or any
act or omission believed by the Participant in good faith to have been in or not opposed to the interest of the Company (without intent
of the Participant to gain, directly or indirectly, a profit to which the Participant was not legally entitled). A Participant who agrees
to resign from his or her affiliation with the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate in lieu of being terminated for Cause may be deemed,
in the sole discretion of the Committee, to have been terminated for Cause for purposes of this Plan.

2

Change in Control means
the first to occur of the following event:

(i) the purchase or other acquisition by
any person, entity, or group of persons, within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of
the 1934 Act (excluding, for this purpose, the Company or its subsidiaries or any employee
benefit plan or related trust of the Company or its subsidiaries), of beneficial ownership,
within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the 1934 Act, of fifty percent (50%) or
more of the combined voting power of the Companys then-outstanding voting securities entitled
to vote generally in the election of directors in any transaction or series of transactions

(ii) when individuals who, as of the Effective
Date, constituting the Board (Incumbent Board) cease for any reason to
constitute at least a majority of the Board, provided that any person who becomes a director
subsequent to the Effective Date whose election, or nomination for election by the Companys
stockholders, was approved in advance by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then
comprising the Incumbent Board, excluding members of its Incumbent Board who are no longer
serving as directors (other than an individual whose initial assumption of office is in connection
with an actual or threatened election contest relating to the election of directors of the
Company, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A promulgated under the 1934
Act, or an individual approved by the Incumbent Board as the result of an agreement intended
to avoid or settle an actual or threatened contest), shall be, for purposes of this section,
considered as though such person were a member of the Incumbent Board

(iii) consummation of a reorganization,
merger, or consolidation, in each case following such reorganization, merger, or consolidation:
(a) persons who were the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such reorganization,
merger, or consolidation immediately thereafter own fifty percent (50%) or less of the combined
voting power entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the reorganized,
merged, or consolidated corporations then-outstanding voting securities, or (b) less than
a majority of members of the board or other governing body of such reorganized, merged, or
consolidated corporation were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution
of the initial agreement or the approval of the transaction by the Board or

(iv) approval by stockholders of a liquidation
or dissolution of the Company (and the Company shall commence such liquidation or dissolution),
or consummation of the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (in
one transaction or a series of transactions).

Notwithstanding the occurrence of
any of the foregoing events, (x) a Change in Control shall not occur with respect to a Holder if, in advance of such event and to the
extent permitted pursuant to Section 18.2, the Holder agrees in writing that such event shall not constitute a Change in Control, (y)
to the extent that any payment under the Plan is subject to Code section 409A and an applicable payment event is a Change in Control,
or an allowable payment toggle right is contingent upon a Change in Control having occurred, in addition to satisfying the
above definition of Change in Control, such Change in Control must also constitute a change in control event under Code section 409,
and (z) in no event shall a Public Offering constitute a Change in Control.

3

Code means the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as it may be amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Committee means (i) the
Board, or (ii) one or more other committees of the Board to whom the Board has delegated all or part of its authority under this Plan.
Initially, the Committee shall be the Board without any delegation of the Boards authority under this Plan as contemplated by clause
(ii) above.

Company means CrossFirst
Bankshares, Inc., a Kansas corporation, and any successor thereto.

Consultant means a consultant
or an advisor, excluding an Employee, to the Company or an Affiliate who (i) is a natural person, (ii) provides bona fide services to
the Company or the Affiliate that are not rendered in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital raising transaction
and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Companys securities, and (iii) is employed by or providing services
to the Company or an Affiliate at the time the Award is granted under this Plan to such person. A person will only be a Consultant if
he or she qualifies as a consultant or advisor under Rule 701(c)(1) of the 1933 Act or under Instruction A.1.(a)(1) of Form S-8 under
the 1933 Act. Consultants shall include advisory directors of the Company.

Control means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the
ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.

Date of Grant or Grant
Date means, with respect to any Award, the date as of which such Award is granted under the Plan, which date shall be the later
of (i) the date on which the Committee resolved to grant the Award, which date may be subsequent to the date the Committee takes the
governing action, or (ii) the first day of the Service Providers service to the Company or an Affiliate.

Deferred Shares means
Shares that are awarded to a Participant on a deferred basis pursuant to Section 9.4. Director means a director serving on
the Board.

Disabled or Disability
means a mental or physical illness that entitles the Participant to receive benefits under a long-term disability plan of the Company,
or if there is no such plan or the Participant is not covered by such a plan or the Participant is not an Employee, a mental or physical
illness that renders the Participant totally and permanently incapable of performing the Participants duties for the Company. With respect
to an Award that is or becomes subject to Section 409A of the Code and for which the Participants disability is an applicable payment
event, the Participant shall not be determined to be Disabled unless the Participant is disabled as defined in Code section
409A(a)(2)(C). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a determination that a Participant is Disabled shall not qualify under this Plan if it
is the result of (i) a willfully self-inflicted injury or willfully self-induced sickness or (ii) an injury or disease contracted,
suffered, or incurred while participating in a criminal offense. The determination of Disabled or Disability for purposes of this Plan
shall be made by a physician satisfactory to the Board and shall not be construed to be an admission of disability for any other purpose.

Dividend Equivalents
has the meaning ascribed in Section 4.7.

4

Effective Date means
October 25, 2018.

Eligible Employees means
all Employees (including officers and directors who are also Employees) of the Company, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate upon whose judgment,
initiative, and efforts the Company depends, or will depend, for the successful conduct of the Companys business.

Employee means a common
law employee of the Company, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. Mere service as a Director or payment of a directors fee by the Company or
an Affiliate shall not be sufficient to constitute employment by the Company or an Affiliate.

Executive Officer means
(i) the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or president of the Company, any vice president of the Company, including any
vice president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance),
any other officer who performs a policy-making function or any other person who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company,
(ii) any Executive Officers (as defined in part (i) of this definition) of subsidiaries of the Company who perform policy-making functions
for the Company, and (iii) any Person designated or identified by the Board as being an Executive Officer for purposes of the 1933 Act
or the 1934 Act, including any Person designated or identified by the Board as being a Section 16 Person.

Fair Market Value means,

(i) For purposes of any Awards granted
before the date of a Public Offering the value of the Stock determined in good faith by the Committee in its sole discretion. Such determination
shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. For this purpose, the Committee may adopt such formulas as in its opinion shall reflect
the true fair market value of such Stock from time to time and may rely on such independent advice with respect to such fair market value
determination as the Committee shall deem appropriate.

(ii) For purposes of any Awards granted
on the date of a Public Offering, the Fair Market Value will be the initial price to the public as set forth in the final prospectus
included within the registration statement in Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the Public Offering.

(iii) For purposes of any Awards
granted on any date after a Public Offering, the Fair Market Value will be the closing price as reported on NASDAQ or any other principal
exchange on which the Shares are then listed on such date, or if the Shares were not traded on such date, then on the next preceding
trading day that the Shares were traded on such exchange, as reported by such responsible reporting service as the Committee may select.
The Committee may, in its sole discretion and if consistently applied, elect that Fair Market Value will be determined based upon the
last sale before or the first sale after the grant, the arithmetic mean of the high and low prices on the trading day before or the trading
day of the grant. If the Shares are not listed on any such exchange, Fair Market Value shall be such value as determined
by the Committee in its discretion and, to the extent necessary, shall be determined in a manner consistent with Section 409A of the
Code and the regulations thereunder.

The determination of fair market
value for purposes of tax withholding may be made in the Committees discretion subject to applicable laws and is not required
to be consistent with the determination of Fair Market Value for other purposes.

5

Holder means a Participant,
Beneficiary, or Permitted Transferee who is in possession of an Award Agreement representing an Award that (i) in the case of a Participant,
has been granted to such individual, (ii) in the case of a Beneficiary, has been transferred to such person under the laws of descent
and distribution, or (iii) in the case of a Permitted Transferee, has been transferred to such person as permitted by the Committee,
and, with respect to all of the above clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), such Award Agreement has not expired, been canceled, or been terminated.

Legacy Award means any
Award that originally was granted under a Legacy Plan and which was assumed as an Award under this Plan. Legacy Awards include stock
options, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares and restricted stock units.

Legacy Plan means any
of the CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. Stock Appreciation Rights Plan, the CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, the CrossFirst
Bankshares, Inc. New Market Founder Equity Incentive Plan, or the CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. Employee Equity Incentive Plan, as any
of the same may be amended before or after the Effective Date.

NASDAQ means applicable
Nasdaq exchange on which the Shares are listed, including the NASDAQ Global Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market.

Nonqualified Stock Option
means any Option granted pursuant to Section 6 to purchase Stock.

Option means a right
to purchase Stock granted pursuant to Section 6 at a stated price for a specified period of time. Such definition includes only nonqualified
stock options. No incentive stock options under Code section 422 are authorized to be granted under the Plan. Option Agreement
or Option Award Agreement means a written or electronic agreement or instrument between the Company and a Holder evidencing
an Option.

Optionee shall have the
meaning as set forth in Section 6.2. For the avoidance of any doubt, in situations where the Option has been transferred to a Permitted
Transferee or passed to a Beneficiary in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution, the Optionee may not be the same person
as the Holder of the Option.

Option Exercise Price
means the price at which Shares subject to an Option may be purchased, determined in accordance with Section 6.2(b).

Other Stock-Based Award
means any award of Shares or payment of cash that is valued in whole or in part by reference to, or is otherwise based on, Shares, other
property, or achievement of performance metrics or measures.

Participant means a Service
Provider of the Company designated by the Committee from time to time during the term of the Plan to receive one or more Awards under
the Plan.

Performance Award means
any Award that will be issued or granted, or become vested or payable, as the case may be, upon the achievement of certain performance
goals (as described in Section 10) to a Participant pursuant to Section 10.

Performance Period means
the period of time as specified by the Committee during which any performance goals are to be measured.

6

Performance Shares means
an Award made pursuant to Section 9 which entitles a Holder to receive Shares, their cash equivalent, or a combination thereof based
on the achievement of performance targets during a Performance Period.

Performance Units means
an Award made pursuant to Section 9 which entitles a Holder to receive cash, Stock, or a combination thereof based on the achievement
of performance goals during a Performance Period.

Permitted Transferee
has the meaning ascribed in Section 12.3.

Person shall have the
meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(a)(9) of the 1934 Act and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, including group
as defined in Section 13(d) thereof.

Plan has meaning ascribed
in Section 1.1.

Public Offering means
the sale of shares of the Stock to the public pursuant to an effective registration statement (other than a registration statement on
Form S-4 or S-8 or any similar or successor form) filed under the Securities Act in connection with an underwritten offering.

Restricted Stock means
Stock granted under Section 8 that is subject to those restrictions set forth therein and the Award Agreement. Restricted Stock
Unit means an Award granted under Section 8 evidencing the Holders right to receive a Share (or, at the Committees discretion,
a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share) at some future date and that is subject those restrictions set forth therein
and the Award Agreement.

Rule 16b-3 means Rule
16b-3 promulgated under the 1934 Act.

SAR or Stock Appreciation
Right means an Award that is designated as an SAR pursuant to Section 7. SAR Holder shall have the meaning as set forth
in Section 7.2.

Section 16 Person means
a Person who is subject to obligations under Section 16 of the 1934 Act with respect to transactions involving equity securities of the
Company.

Service Provider means
an Eligible Employee, a Consultant, or a nonemployee Director of the Company and its Affiliates. Solely for purposes of Substitute Awards,
the term Service Provider includes any current or former Employee, or Consultant or nonemployee Director of an Acquired Entity (as defined
in the definition of Substitute Awards) who holds Acquired Entity Awards (as defined in the definition of Substitute Awards) immediately
prior to the Acquisition Date (as defined in the definition of Substitute Awards).

Share means a share of
Stock.

Stock means authorized
and issued or unissued common stock of the Company, at such par value as may be established from time to time.

7

Subsidiary means a subsidiary
corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code or any corporation or other entity in
an unbroken chain of corporations or entities beginning with the Company if each of the corporations or entities (other than the last
corporation or entity in the unbroken chain) owns stock or other ownership interests possessing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock or other ownership interests in one of the other corporations or entities in the chain.

Substitute Award means
an Award granted under the Plan in substitution for stock or stock-based awards (Acquired Entity Awards) held by current
and former employees, former nonemployee directors of another corporation or entity, or other Persons who become Service Providers as
the result of a merger or consolidation of the employing corporation or other entity (the Acquired Entity) with the
Company, a Subsidiary, or an Affiliate, or the acquisition by the Company, a Subsidiary, or an Affiliate, of property or stock of, or
other ownership interest in, the Acquired Entity immediately prior to such merger, consolidation, or acquisition (Acquisition
Date) as agreed to by the parties to such corporate transaction and as may be set forth in the definitive purchase agreement.
The limitations of Section 4.1 on the number of Shares reserved or available for grants, and the limitations under Sections 6.2 and 7.1
with respect to the Option Exercise Prices and SAR exercise prices, shall not apply to Substitute Awards. Any issuance of a Substitute
Award which relates to an Option or an SAR shall be completed in conformity with the rules under Code section 409A relating to the substitutions
and assumptions of stock rights by reason of a corporate transaction.

Vested Option means any
Option, or portion thereof, which is exercisable by the Holder. Vested Options remain exercisable only for that period of time as provided
for under this Plan and any applicable Option Award Agreement. Once a Vested Option is no longer exercisable after otherwise having been
exercisable, the Option shall become null and void.

2.2 General Interpretive Principles. (i)
Words in the singular shall include the plural and vice versa, and words of one gender shall
include the other gender, in each case, as the context requires (ii) the terms hereof,
herein, and herewith and words of similar import shall, unless otherwise
stated, be construed to refer to this Plan and not to any particular provision of this Plan,
and references to Sections are references to the Sections of this Plan unless otherwise specified
(iii) the word including and words of similar import when used in this Plan shall
mean including, without limitation, unless otherwise specified and (iv)
any reference to any U.S. federal, state, or local act, statute, or law shall be deemed to
also refer to all amendments or successor provisions thereto, as well as all rules and regulations
promulgated under such act, statute, or law, unless the context otherwise requires.

SECTION 3 

PLAN ADMINISTRATION

3.1 Composition of Committee. The Plan
shall be administered by the Committee. To the extent the Board considers it desirable for
transactions relating to Awards to be eligible to qualify for an exemption under Rule 16b-3,
the Committee will consist of two (2) or more directors of the Company, all of whom qualify
as non-employee directors within the meaning of Rule 16b-3.

3.2 Authority of Committee. Subject to
the terms of the Plan and applicable law, and in addition to other express powers and authorizations
conferred on the Committee by the Plan, the Committee shall have full power and authority
to:

(a) select the Service Providers to whom
Awards may from time to time be granted hereunder

8

(b) determine the type or types of Awards to
be granted to eligible Service Providers

(c) determine the number of Shares to be covered
by, or with respect to which payments, rights, or other matters are to be calculated in connection
with, Awards

(d) determine the terms and conditions of any
Award

(e) determine whether, and to what extent, and
under what circumstances Awards may be settled or exercised in cash, Shares, other securities,
other Awards, or other property

(f) determine, as to all or part of any Award
as to any Participant, at the time the Award is granted or thereafter, that the exercisability,
vesting, payment, or settlement of an Award shall be accelerated upon a Participants death,
disability, retirement, Change in Control, termination of employment following a Change in
Control, or other special circumstance determined by the Committee, to determine that Awards
shall continue to become exercisable, vested, settled, or paid in full or in installments
after termination of employment, to extend the period for exercise of Options or SARs following
termination of employment (but not, except for any Legacy Award, beyond ten (10) years from
the Grant Date of the Option or SAR) or to provide that any Restricted Stock Award, Restricted
Stock Unit Award, Performance Unit Award, Performance Share Award, or Other Stock-Based Award
shall in whole or in part not be forfeited upon Participants death, disability, retirement,
Change in Control, termination of employment following a Change in Control, or other special
circumstance determined by the Committee, provided the Committee shall consider potential
tax consequences in making any such determinations or taking any such actions

(g) determine whether, to what extent, and under
what circumstances an Award may be vested, paid, settled, canceled, forfeited, or surrendered,
or, in connection with a Participants death, disability, retirement, Change in Control,
termination of employment following a Change in Control, or other special circumstances determined
by the Committee, whether and to what extent any terms of, or restrictions on, an Award may
be waived or accelerated (including the acceleration of the exercisability of, or waiver
of all of the terms and conditions applicable to, any Award or any group of Awards for any
reason and at any time) or, to extend the period subsequent to the termination of employment
within which an Award may be exercised

(h) if a Participant is promoted, demoted, or
transferred to a different business unit of the Company during a Performance Period, make
adjustments to any performance goals, the applicable Performance Period, or eliminate or
cancel the Award, to the extent the Committee determines that the Award, the performance
goals, or the Performance Period are no longer appropriate in order to make the outstanding
Award appropriate and comparable to the initial Award

(i) determine whether, and to what extent, and
under what circumstances Awards may be canceled, forfeited, or suspended and the method or
methods by which Awards may be settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited, or suspended

(j) correct any defect, supply an omission,
reconcile any inconsistency, and otherwise interpret and administer the Plan and any instrument
or Award Agreement relating to the Plan or any Award hereunder

9

(k) grant Awards in replacement of Awards
previously granted under this Plan or any other compensation plan of the Company, provided
that any such replacement grant that would be considered a repricing shall be subject to
stockholder approval

(l) cause the forfeiture of any Award or
recover any Shares, cash, or other property attributable to an Award for violations of and
in accordance with any Company ethics policy or pursuant to any Company compensation or recoupment
clawback policy, in each case, in effect on the Effective Date or as adopted or amended thereafter

(m) with the consent of the Holder, amend
any Award Agreement at any time provided that the consent of the Holder shall not be
required for any amendment (i) that, in the Committees determination, does not materially
adversely affect the rights of the Holder, or (ii) which is necessary or advisable (as determined
by the Committee) to carry out the purpose of the Award as a result of any new applicable
law or change in an existing applicable law, or (iii) to the extent the Award Agreement specifically
permits amendment without consent

(n) modify and amend the Plan, establish,
amend, suspend, or waive such rules, regulations, and procedures of the Plan, and appoint
such agents as it shall deem appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan
and

(o) make any other determination and take
any other action that the Committee deems necessary or desirable for the administration of
the Plan.

3.3 Committee Delegation. The Committee
shall have the right, from time to time, to delegate in writing to one or more officers of
the Company the authority of the Committee to grant and determine the terms and conditions
of Awards granted under the Plan, subject to any applicable laws. In no event shall any such
delegation of authority be permitted with respect to Awards granted to any member of the
Board or to any Service Provider who is subject to Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act (as
determined in accordance with applicable guidance as of the applicable date of determination).
The Committee shall also be permitted to delegate, to any appropriate officer or employee
of the Company, responsibility for performing certain ministerial functions under the Plan.
In the event that the Committees authority is delegated to officers or employees in
accordance with the foregoing, all provisions of the Plan relating to the Committee shall
be interpreted in a manner consistent with the foregoing by treating any such reference as
a reference to such officer or employee for such purpose. Any action undertaken in accordance
with the Committees delegation of authority hereunder shall have the same force and
effect as if such action was undertaken directly by the Committee and shall be deemed for
all purposes of the Plan to have been taken by the Committee.

3.4 Determination Under the Plan . Unless
otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations, determinations, adjustments,
interpretations, and other decisions under or with respect to the Plan, any Award, or Award
Agreement shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee, may be made at any time and
shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon all persons, including the Company, any Participant,
any Holder, and any stockholder. No member of the Committee shall be liable for any action,
determination, or interpretation made in good faith, and all members of the Committee shall,
in addition to their rights as Directors, be fully protected by the Company with respect
to any such action, determination, or interpretation.

10

SECTION 4 

STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN
AWARD LIMITS

4.1 Number of Shares. Subject to adjustment
as provided in Section 4.4 the aggregate number of Shares authorized for issuance under the
Plan in accordance with the provisions of the Plan pursuant to Awards shall be two million
six hundred thousand (2,600,000) Shares subject to such restrictions or other provisions
as the Committee may from time to time deem necessary (the Maximum Share Limit).
Any Share issued pursuant to or subject to a Legacy Award or Substitute Award shall not count
against the Maximum Share Limit.

4.2 Source of Shares. Any Shares issued
hereunder may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued shares or treasury
shares. The Shares may be divided among the various Plan components and types of Awards as
the Committee shall determine. The Company shall at all times during the term of the Plan
and while any Awards are outstanding retain as authorized and unissued Stock, or as treasury
Stock, at least the number of Shares from time to time required under the provisions of the
Plan, or otherwise assure itself of its ability to perform its obligations hereunder.

4.3 Share Counting. Subject to the below,
Shares that are subject to an underlying Award and Shares that are issued pursuant to the
exercise of an Award shall be applied to reduce the maximum number of Shares remaining available
for use under the Plan. Any Shares that are subject to an Award, including a Legacy Award,
under this Plan that are not used because the terms and conditions of the Award are not met,
including any Shares that are subject to an Award, including a Legacy Award, that expires
or is terminated for any reason, shall again be available for grant under the Plan. If an
SAR is settled in Shares, only the number of Shares delivered in settlement of an SAR shall
cease to be available for grant under the Plan, regardless of the number of Shares with respect
to which the SAR was exercised. If any Shares subject to an Award, including a Legacy Award,
granted hereunder are withheld or applied as payment in connection with the exercise of an
Award (including the withholding of Shares on the exercise of an Option that is settled in
Shares) or the withholding or payment of taxes related thereto, such Shares shall again be
available for grant under the Plan.

4.4 Adjustments in Authorized Shares. If,
without the receipt of consideration therefor by the Company, the Company shall at any time
increase or decrease the number of its outstanding Shares or change in any way the rights
and privileges of such Shares such as, but not limited to, the payment of a stock dividend
or any other distribution upon such Shares payable in Stock, or through a stock split, spin-off,
extraordinary cash dividend, subdivision, consolidation, combination, reclassification, or
recapitalization involving the Stock, or any similar corporate event or transaction, such
that an adjustment is necessary in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits
or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan then in relation to the
Stock that is affected by one or more of the above events, (i) the numbers, rights, privileges,
and kinds of Shares that may be issued under this Plan or under particular forms of Awards,
(ii) the number and kind of Shares subject to outstanding Awards, and (iii) the Option Exercise
Price or SAR exercise price applicable to outstanding Awards, shall be increased, decreased,
or changed in like manner as if they had been issued and outstanding, fully paid, and nonassessable
at the time of such occurrence.

11

4.5 General Adjustment Rules. 

(a) If any adjustment or substitution provided
for in this Section 4 shall result in the creation of a fractional Share under any Award,
such fractional Share shall be rounded to the nearest whole Share and fractional Shares shall
not be issued.

(b) In the case of any such substitution
or adjustment affecting an Option (including a Nonqualified Stock Option) or an SAR, such
substitution or adjustment shall be made in a manner that is in accordance with the substitution
and assumption rules set forth in Treasury Regulations 1.424-1 and the applicable guidance
relating to Code section 409A.

4.6 Reservation of Rights . Except
as provided in this Section 4, a Participant shall have no rights by reason of (i) any subdivision
or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, (ii) the payment of any dividend, or (iii)
any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class. Any issuance
by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of
stock of any class, shall not affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with
respect to, the number of Shares subject to any Award (including the Option Exercise Price
of Shares subject to an Option). The grant of an Award pursuant to the Plan shall not affect
in any way the right or power of the Company to make adjustments, reclassifications, reorganizations,
or changes of its capital or business structure, to merge or consolidate, or to dissolve,
liquidate, sell, or transfer all or any part of its business or assets.

4.7 Dividend Equivalents. Subject to
the provisions of the Plan and to the extent expressly provided in the applicable Award Agreement,
the recipient of an Award other than an Option or SAR may, if so determined by the Committee,
be entitled to receive, currently or on a deferred basis, amounts equivalent to cash, stock,
or other property in lieu of dividends on Shares (Dividend Equivalents)
with respect to the number of Shares covered by the Award, as determined by the Committee
in its sole discretion. The Committee may provide that the Dividend Equivalents (if any)
shall be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Shares or otherwise reinvested and
may provide that the Dividend Equivalents are subject to the same vesting or performance
conditions as the underlying Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Dividend Equivalents credited
in connection with an Award that vests based on the achievement of performance goals shall
be subject to restrictions and risk of forfeiture to the same extent as the Award with respect
to which such Dividend Equivalents have been credited.

4.8 Cancellation and Rescission of Awards
Clawback Policy. The Committee may cancel, rescind, suspend, withhold, or otherwise limit
or restrict any unexercised, unvested, unpaid, or deferred Award, cause the forfeiture of
any Award, or recover any Shares, income, cash, or other property attributable to an Award,
and any proceeds (including any income thereon) from the disposition of, such Shares, income,
cash, or other property, at any time if the Holder is not or has not been in compliance with
the Company ethics policy, any restrictive covenant with the Company or Affiliate, or any
applicable term and condition of an Award. Any Awards granted under this Plan, any income
earned with respect thereto, and any property, including Shares, received in connection with
any exercise, settlement, payment or vesting of, or lapse of restriction on, the Awards,
and any proceeds (and any income thereon) received from the disposition of any such property,
shall be subject to any clawback, recoupment, or forfeiture provision included in any law,
Award Agreement, Company policy, employment agreement, program document, term sheet, benefit
plan or program, or Committee resolution, action, policy, or procedure in place on the Grant
Date of the Award, provided, however, to the extent required by law (e.g., Dodd-Frank) or
securities exchange listing standard, a Company clawback policy may apply retroactively.

12

4.9 Non-Employee Director Sublimit. No
non-employee director may be granted Awards of Options, SARs, Restricted Shares, Restricted
Share Units, Bonus Shares, Performance Shares, or Performance Units (or any other Award which
is denominated in Shares) in any one (1) calendar year with respect to a number of Shares
that exceeds a number equal to the quotient of $200,000 divided by the grant date fair value
of the awards (determined under applicable accounting principles), rounded down to the nearest
whole share provided, however, for purposes of the foregoing limitation, (a) any Shares
deferred pursuant to a nonqualified deferred compensation arrangement shall count against
the limit only during the calendar year in which such Award is initially made and not in
the calendar year in which the deferred Shares are ultimately issued, and (b) no Shares under
any Award or portion thereof which is made pursuant to an election made by a non-employee
director to receive his or her non-employee director cash compensation in the form of an
Award under this Plan rather than in cash shall count against the limit in this Section 4.9.

SECTION 5 

PARTICIPATION

5.1 Basis of Grant. Participants in the
Plan shall be those Service Providers who have performed, are performing, or during the term
of their incentive arrangement will perform, services for the Company or any Affiliate thereof.

5.2 Types of Grants. Limits Participants
may be granted from time to time one or more Awards provided, however, that the grant
of each such Award shall be separately approved by the Committee or its designee, and receipt
of one such Award shall not result in the automatic receipt of any other Award. Written or
electronic notice shall be given to such Participant, specifying the terms, conditions, right,
and duties related to such Award.

5.3 Award Agreements. Each Participant
shall enter into an Award Agreement(s) with the Company, in such form as the Committee shall
determine and which is consistent with the provisions of the Plan, specifying the applicable
Award terms, conditions, rights, and duties. Unless otherwise explicitly stated in the Award
Agreement, Awards shall be deemed to be granted as of the date specified in the grant resolution
of the Committee, which date shall be the date of any related agreement(s) with the Participant.
Unless explicitly provided in a particular Award Agreement that the terms of the Plan are
to be superseded, in the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the Plan and
any such Award Agreement(s) entered into hereunder, the provisions of the Plan shall govern.
The Company will have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such Holder as
to the time or manner or tax treatment of exercising such Award. Furthermore, the Company
will have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination
or expiration of an Award or a possible period in which the Award may not be exercised. The
Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder
of such Award.

5.4 Restrictive Covenants. The Committee
may, in its sole and absolute discretion, place certain restrictive covenants in an Award
Agreement requiring the Participant to agree to refrain from certain actions. Such restrictive
covenants, if contained in the Award Agreement, will be binding on the Participant.

SECTION 6 

STOCK OPTIONS

6.1 Grant of Options. A Participant may
be granted one or more Options. Each Option grant shall be considered a separate grant and
in no event shall the exercise of one Option affect the right to exercise any other Option
or affect the number of Shares for which any other Option may be exercised.

13

6.2 Option Agreements. Each Option granted
under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Option Award Agreement, which shall be entered into
by the Company and the Participant to whom the Option is granted (the Optionee),
and which shall contain, or be subject to, the following terms and conditions, as well as
such other terms and conditions not inconsistent therewith, as the Committee may consider
appropriate in each case.

(a) Number of Shares. Each Option
Award Agreement shall state that it covers a specified number of Shares, as determined by
the Committee.

(b) Price. Each Option Award Agreement
shall state the Option Exercise Price at which each Share covered by an Option may be purchased.
Such Option Exercise Price shall be determined in each case by the Committee, but in no event
other than with respect to the issuance of a Substitute Award shall the Option Exercise Price
for each Share covered by an Option be less than the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the Date, Options as determined Grant
by the Committee.

(c) Duration of Options. Each Option
Award Agreement shall state the period of time, determined by the Committee, within which
the Option may be exercised by the Holder (the Option Period). The Option
Period must expire, in all cases except for any Legacy Award, not more than ten (10) years
from the Options Grant Date. Each Option Award Agreement shall also state the periods of
time, if any, as determined by the Committee, when incremental portions of each Option shall
become exercisable. If any Option or portion thereof is not exercised during its Option Period,
such unexercised portion shall be deemed to have been forfeited and have no further force
or effect.

(d) Post-Service Option Exercise Rules.

(i) Each Option Agreement shall state the
period of time, if any, determined by the Committee, within which the Vested Option may be
exercised after an Optionee ceases to be a Service Provider and may provide for different
periods of time depending upon whether such cessation as a Service Provider was on account
of the Participants death, Disability, voluntary resignation, retirement, cessation as a
Director, or the Company having terminated such Optionees employment with or without cause
for any or no reason.

(ii) In the case of a Participant that
is an Employee, a termination of service shall not occur if the Participant is on military
leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence (such as temporary employment by the
government) if the period of such leave does not exceed six (6) months, or if longer, as
long as the Participants right to reemployment with the Company or an Affiliate is provided
either by statute or by contract.

(iii) In the case of a Participant that
is both an Employee and a Director of the Company, the Participants cessation as an Employee
but continuation as a Director of the Company will not constitute a termination of service
under the Plan. Unless an Option Agreement provides otherwise, a Participants change in
status from serving as an Employee and/or Director will not be considered a termination of
the Participant serving as a Service Provider for purposes of any Option expiration period
under the Plan.

14

(iv) If, within the period of time specified
in the Option Award Agreement following the Option Holders termination of employment, an
Option Holder is prohibited by law or a Companys insider trading policy from exercising
any Nonqualified Stock Option, the period of time during which such Option may be exercised
will automatically be extended until the thirtieth (30th) day following the date the prohibition
is lifted. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, in no event shall the Option
exercise period be extended beyond the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Options Grant Date.

(e) Transferability. Except to the
extent permitted by the Committee pursuant to Section 12.3, Options shall not be transferable
by the Optionee except by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution. Each
Vested Option shall be exercisable during the Optionees lifetime only by him or her, or
in the event of Disability or incapacity, by his or her guardian or legal representative.
Shares issuable pursuant to any Option shall be delivered only to or for the account of the
Optionee, or in the event of Disability or incapacity, to his or her guardian or legal representative.

(f) Exercise, Payments, etc. 

(i) Unless otherwise provided in the Option
Award Agreement, each Vested Option may be exercised by delivery to the General Counsel and
Corporate Secretary of the Company, or his or her designee(s), a written or electronic notice
specifying the number of Shares with respect to which such Option is exercised and payment
of the Option Exercise Price. Such notice shall be in a form satisfactory to the Company
and shall specify the particular Vested Option that is being exercised and the number of
Shares with respect to which the Vested Option is being exercised. The exercise of the Vested
Option shall be deemed effective upon receipt of such notice by the General Counsel and Corporate
Secretary of the Company, or his or her designee(s), and payment to the Company. The purchase
of such Stock shall take place at the principal offices of the Company upon delivery of such
notice, at which time the purchase price of the Stock shall be paid in full by any of the
methods or any combination of the methods set forth in clause (ii) below.

(ii) The Option Exercise Price may be paid
by cash or certified bank check and, in the Committees sole discretion by any of the following
additional methods:

A. By delivery to the Company of Shares
then owned by the Holder, the Fair Market Value of which equals the purchase price of the
Stock purchased pursuant to the Vested Option, properly endorsed for transfer to the Company
provided, however, that Shares used for this purpose must have been held by the Holder for
such minimum period of time as may be established from time to time by the Committee
and provided further that the Fair Market Value of any Shares delivered in payment of the
purchase price upon exercise of the Options shall be the Fair Market Value as of the exercise
date, which shall be the date of delivery of the Stock used as payment for the Option Exercise
Price

15

In lieu of actually surrendering
to the Company the Shares then owned by the Holder, the Committee may, in its discretion permit the Holder to submit to the Company a
statement affirming ownership by the Holder of such number of Shares and request that such Shares, although not actually surrendered,
be deemed to have been surrendered by the Holder as payment of the exercise price

B. For any Holder other than an Executive
Officer or except as otherwise prohibited by the Committee, by payment through a broker in
accordance with procedures permitted by Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board

C. For any Nonqualified Stock Option, by
a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will not require a payment
of the Option Exercise Price but will reduce the number of shares of common stock issued
upon the exercise by the largest number of whole shares that has a fair market value on the
date of exercise that does not exceed the aggregate Option Exercise Price. With respect to
any remaining balance of the aggregate option price, the Company will accept a cash payment
from the Holder or

D. Any combination of the methods of consideration
payment provided in this clause (ii).

(g) Date of Grant. Unless otherwise
specified in the Option Award Agreement, an option shall be considered as having been granted
on the date specified in the grant resolution of the Committee.

(h) Withholding. Upon any exercise
of a Nonqualified Stock Option, the Optionee shall make appropriate arrangements with the
Company for the Company for the satisfaction of applicable withholding under federal and
state income tax and payroll laws, including payment of such taxes through delivery of Stock
or by withholding Stock to be issued under the Option, as provided in Section 16 hereof.

(i) Adjustment of Options. Subject
to the limitations set forth below and those contained in Section 6 and 15, the Committee
may make any adjustment in the Option Exercise Price, the number of Shares subject to, or
the terms of, an outstanding Option and a subsequent granting of an Option by amendment or
by substitution of an outstanding Option. Such amendment, substitution, or regrant may result
in terms and conditions (including Option Exercise Price, number of Shares covered, vesting
schedule, or exercise period) that differ from the terms and conditions of the original Option
provided, however, except as permitted under Section 11, the Committee may not, without stockholder
approval (i) amend an Option to reduce its Option Exercise Price, (ii) cancel an Option and
regrant an Option with an Option Exercise Price lower than the original Option Exercise Price
of the cancelled Option, (iii) cancel an option in exchange for cash or another Award, or
(iv) take any other action (whether in the form of an amendment, cancellation, or replacement
grant) that has the effect of repricing an Option, as defined under the rules
of the established stock exchange or quotation system on which the Company Stock is then
listed or traded if such Exchanges or quotation systems rules define what constitutes a
repricing. Other than with respect to a modification that a reasonable person would not find
to be a material adverse change in an Optionees rights under an Option, the Committee also
may not adversely affect the rights of any Optionee to previously granted Options without
the consent of such Optionee. If such action is affected by the amendment, the effective
date of such amendment shall be the date of the original grant. Any adjustment, modification,
extension, or renewal of an Option shall be effected such that the Option is either exempt
from, or is compliant with, Code section 409A.

16

(j) Modification, Extension, and Assumption
of Options. Within the limitations of the Plan and Code section 409A, the Committee may
modify, extend, or assume outstanding Options or may accept the cancellation of outstanding
Options (whether granted by the Company or another issuer) in return for the grant of new
Options or a different type of award for the same or a different number of Shares and at
the same or a different Option Exercise Price (if applicable). The foregoing notwithstanding,
no modification of an Option shall, without the consent of the Optionee, impair the Optionees
rights or increase the Optionees obligations under such Option.

(k) Minimum Vesting/Exercisability.
The exercise conditions for Options may be based on the achievement of specific performance
goals, may be time based following the achievement of specific performance goals, may be
based on the occurrence of a specified event, and/or may be imposed under applicable securities
laws provided that, except with respect to any Option granted to a nonemployee Director
or any Legacy Award, any time-based exercise conditions (other than time-based exercise conditions
following the achievement of specific performance goals) shall remain in effect (in whole
or in part) at least until the first (1st) anniversary of the Grant Date, except as may otherwise
be provided in an Award Agreement for accelerated exercisability in the event of death, disability,
retirement, Change in Control, a termination of employment following a Change in Control,
or other special circumstances determined by the Committee.

6.3 Stockholder Privileges. No Holder
shall have any rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares covered by an Option until
the Holder becomes the holder of record of such Stock, and no adjustments shall be made for
dividends or other distributions or other rights as to which there is a record date preceding
the date such Holder becomes the holder of record of such Stock, except as provided in Section
4.

SECTION 7 

STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS

7.1 Grant of SARs. Subject to the terms
and conditions of this Plan, an SAR may be granted to a Participant at any time and from
time to time as shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion.

(a) Number of Shares. The Committee
shall have complete discretion to determine the number of SARs granted to any Participant,
subject to the limitations imposed in this Plan and by applicable law.

(b) Exercise Price and Other Terms.
Except with respect to SARs issued in connection with a Substitute Award, all SARs shall
be granted with an exercise price or grant price no less than the Fair Market Value of the
underlying Shares on the SARs Date of Grant. The Committee, subject to the provisions of
this Plan, shall have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of SARs granted
under this Plan.

17

(c) Duration of SARs. Each SAR Award
Agreement shall state the period of time, determined by the Committee, within which the SARs
may be exercised by the Holder (the SAR Period). Except with respect
to an Legacy Award which is a SAR, the SAR Period must expire, in all cases, not more than
ten (10) years from the SAR Grant Date.

(d) Minimum Vesting/Exercisability.
The exercise conditions for SARs may be based on the achievement of specific performance
goals, may be time based following the achievement of specific performance goals, may be
based on the occurrence of a specified event, and/or may be imposed under applicable securities
laws provided that, except with respect to any SAR granted to a nonemployee Director
or any Legacy Award, any time-based exercise conditions (other than time-based exercise conditions
following the achievement of specific performance goals) shall remain in effect (in whole
or in part) at least until the first (1st) anniversary of the Grant Date, except as may otherwise
be provided in an Award Agreement for accelerated exercisability in the event of death, disability,
retirement, Change in Control, a termination of employment following a Change in Control,
or other special circumstances determined by the Committee.

7.2 SAR Award Agreement. Each SAR granted
under the Plan shall be evidenced by a written or electronic SAR Award Agreement which shall
be entered into by the Company and the Participant to whom the SAR is granted (the SAR
Holder), and which shall specify the exercise price per share, the terms of the
SAR, the conditions of exercise, and such other terms and conditions as the Committee
in its sole discretion shall determine. 

7.3 Exercise of SARs. SARs shall be exercisable
on such terms and conditions as the Committee in its sole discretion shall determine.

7.4 Expiration of SARs. Unless otherwise
specified in an SAR Award Agreement or a SAR which is a Legacy Award, each SAR Award Agreement
shall expire on the earlier of (i) the tenth (10th) anniversary of the SARs Date of Grant,
or (ii) after the period of time, if any, determined by the Committee, within which the SAR
may be exercised after an SAR Holder ceases to be a Service Provider. The SAR Award Agreement
may provide for different periods of time following an SAR Holders cessation as a Service
Provider during which the SAR may be exercised depending upon whether such cessation as a
Service Provider was on account of the Participants death, Disability, voluntary resignation,
cessation as a Director, or the Company having terminated such SAR Holders employment with
or without Cause.

7.5 Adjustment of SARs. Subject to the
limitations set forth below and those contained in Sections 7 and 16, the Committee may make
any adjustment in the SAR exercise price, the number of Shares subject to, or the terms of,
an outstanding SAR and a subsequent granting of an SAR by amendment or by substitution of
an outstanding SAR. Such amendment, substitution, or regrant may result in terms and conditions
(including SAR exercise price, number of Shares covered, vesting schedule, or exercise period)
that differ from the terms and conditions of the original SAR provided, however, except
as permitted under Section 11, the Committee may not, without stockholder approval (i) amend
an SAR to reduce its exercise price, (ii) cancel an SAR and regrant an SAR with an exercise
price lower than the original SAR exercise price of the cancelled SAR, (iii) cancel an SAR
in exchange for cash or another Award, or (iv) take any other action (whether in the form
of an amendment, cancellation, or replacement grant) that has the effect of repricing
an SAR, as defined under applicable NASDAQ rules or the rules of the established stock exchange
or quotation system on which the Company Stock is then listed or traded. The Committee also
may not adversely affect the rights of any SAR Holder to previously granted SARs without
the consent of such SAR Holder. If such action is affected by the amendment, the effective
date of such amendment shall be the date of the original grant. Any adjustment, modification,
extension, or renewal of an SAR shall be effected such that the SAR is either exempt from,
or is compliant with, Code section 409A.

18

7.6 Payment of SAR Amount. Upon exercise
of an SAR relating to one or more Shares, a Holder shall be entitled to receive payment from
the Company in an amount equal to the aggregate positive difference between the Fair Market
Value of the Share(s) for which an SAR exercise is being made over the aggregate exercise
price of such SARs. At the Committees discretion, the payment upon an SAR exercise may be
in whole Shares of equivalent value, cash, or a combination of whole Shares and cash. Fractional
Shares shall be rounded to the nearest whole Share.

SECTION 8 

AWARDS OF RESTRICTED STOCK
AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS

8.1 Restricted Stock Awards Granted by Committee.
Coincident with or following designation for participation in the Plan and subject to
the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Committee, at any time and from time to time, may
grant Restricted Stock to any Service Provider in such amounts as the Committee shall determine.

8.2 Restricted Stock Unit Awards Granted
by Committee. Coincident with or following designation for participation in the Plan
and subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Committee may grant a Service Provider
Restricted Stock Units in connection with or separate from a grant of Restricted Stock. Upon
the vesting of Restricted Stock Units, the Holder shall be entitled to receive the full value
of the Restricted Stock Units payable in Shares or, if determined by the Committee, cash.

8.3 Restrictions. A Holders right to
retain Shares of Restricted Stock or be paid with respect to Restricted Stock Units shall
be subject to such restrictions, including his or her continued performance as a Service
Provider for a restricted period specified by the Committee, or the attainment of specified
performance goals and objectives, as may be established by the Committee with respect to
such Award provided that, except with respect to any Award granted to a nonemployee
Director or any Legacy Award, any time-based restrictions (other than time-based restrictions
following the achievement of specific performance goals) shall remain in effect (in whole
or in part) at least until the first (1st) anniversary of the Grant Date, except as may otherwise
be provided in an Award Agreement for accelerated vesting in the event of death, disability,
retirement, Change in Control, a termination of employment following a Change in Control,
or other special circumstances determined by the Committee. The Committee may in its sole
discretion require different periods of service or different performance goals and objectives
with respect to (i) different Holders, (ii) different Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock
Unit Awards, or (iii) separate, designated portions of the Shares constituting a Restricted
Stock Award. Any grant of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall contain terms
such that the Award is either exempt from, or compliant with, Code section 409A.

8.4 Privileges of a Stockholder, Transferability.
Unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, a Participant shall have all voting, dividend,
liquidation, and other rights with respect to Shares of Restricted Stock provided,
however, that any dividends paid on Shares of Restricted Stock prior to such Shares becoming
vested shall be held in escrow by the Company and subject to the same restrictions on transferability
and forfeitability as the underlying Shares of Restricted Stock. Any voting, dividend, liquidation,
or other rights shall accrue to the benefit of a Holder only with respect to Shares of Restricted
Stock held by, or for the benefit of, the Holder on the record date of any such dividend
or voting date. A Participants right to sell, encumber or otherwise transfer such Restricted
Stock shall, in addition to the restrictions otherwise provided for in the Award Agreement,
be subject to the limitations of Section 12.2 hereof. The Committee may determine that a
Holder of Restricted Stock Units is entitled to receive Dividend Equivalents on such units.
If the Committee determines that Restricted Stock Units shall receive Dividend Equivalents,
such feature will be specified in the applicable Award Agreement. Restricted Stock Units
shall not have any voting rights.

19

8.5 Enforcement of Restrictions. The
Committee may in its sole discretion require one (1) or more of the following methods of
enforcing the restrictions referred to in Sections 8.3 and 8.4:

(a) placing a legend on the stock certificates,
or the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, as applicable, referring to restrictions

(b) requiring the Holder to keep the stock
certificates, duly endorsed, in the custody of the Company while the restrictions remain
in effect

(c) requiring that the stock certificates,
duly endorsed, be held in the custody of a third-party nominee selected by the Company who
will hold such Shares of Restricted Stock on behalf of the Holder while the restrictions
remain in effect or

(d) inserting a provision into the Restricted
Stock Award Agreement prohibiting assignment of such Award Agreement until the terms and
conditions or restrictions contained therein have been satisfied or released, as applicable.

8.6 Termination of Service. Unless otherwise
provided in an Award Agreement or otherwise provided for in an employment agreement (in which
case such provisions will apply), in the event a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider
for any reason before a Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award has fully vested,
any unvested portion of such Award shall be immediately forfeited upon such cessation of
service. An Award Agreement may provide for the automatic vesting of any or all shares of
Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units in connection with a Service Providers separation
from service due to one or more reasons, including, death, disability, retirement, Change
in Control, a termination of employment following a Change in Control, or other special circumstances
determined by the Committee.

SECTION 9 

PERFORMANCE SHARES, PERFORMANCE
UNITS, BONUS SHARES, OTHER STOCK-BASED AWARDS, AND DEFERRED SHARES

9.1 Awards Granted by Committee. Coincident
with or following designation for participation in the Plan, a Participant may be granted
Performance Shares or Performance Units.

9.2 Terms of Performance Shares or Performance
Units. The Committee shall establish maximum and minimum performance targets to be achieved
during the applicable Performance Period. Each grant of a Performance Share or Performance
Unit Award shall be subject to additional terms and conditions not inconsistent with the
provisions of the Plan. The Committee shall determine what, if any, payment is due with respect
to an Award and whether such payment shall be made in cash, Stock, or some combination.

20

9.3 Bonus Shares. The Committee is authorized,
subject to limitations under applicable law, to make such other Awards that are payable in,
valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on or related to Shares, as
deemed by the Committee to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan, including (i) Shares
awarded purely as a bonus and not subject to any restrictions or conditions (Bonus
Shares), or (ii) any award of Shares or payment of cash that is valued in whole or in part
by reference to, or are otherwise based on, Shares, other property, or achievement of performance
metrics or measures (Other Stock-Based Awards). The Committee has absolute discretion to
determine whether any consideration (other than services) is to be received by the Company
or any Affiliate as a condition precedent to the grant of Other Stock-Based Awards, subject
to such minimum consideration as may be required by applicable law.

9.4 Deferred Shares. Subject to the terms
and provisions of the Plan, Deferred Shares may be granted to any Participant in such amounts
and upon such terms, and at any time and from time to time, as shall be determined by the
Committee. The Committee may impose such conditions or restrictions on any Deferred Shares
as it may deem advisable, including time-vesting restrictions and deferred payment features.
The Committee may cause the Company to establish a grantor trust to hold Shares subject to
Deferred Share Awards. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee may
grant to any Participant, or permit any Participant to elect to receive, Deferred Shares
in lieu of or in substitution for any other compensation (whether payable currently or on
a deferred basis, and whether payable under this Plan or otherwise) which such Participant
may be eligible to receive from the Company or a Subsidiary. In no event shall any Deferred
Shares relate to the exercise of an Option or a SAR. Any Award Agreement or other Company-sponsored
deferred compensation plan relating to the grant of Deferred Shares shall separately contain
the requisite terms and conditions such that the Deferred Shares Award complies with Code
section 409A provided, however, in all cases except as may otherwise be expressly provided
for under the other plan, any Shares issued upon the settlement and payment of any Deferred
Shares shall be under and pursuant to this Plan. Unless

otherwise expressly specified in
another plan or agreement, any credited right to receive a Share under a Company-sponsored nonqualified deferred compensation plan or
agreement, whether credited due to an election to defer compensation or due to the conversion of Dividend Equivalents into additional
Shares, shall be a Deferred Share under this Plan and issuable under the terms and conditions set forth herein.

SECTION 10 

PERFORMANCE AWARDS

10.1 Terms of Performance Awards. Except
as provided in Section 11, Performance Awards will be issued or granted, or become vested
or payable, only after the end of the relevant Performance Period. The performance goals
to be achieved for each Performance Period and the amount of the Award to be distributed
upon satisfaction of those performance goals shall be conclusively determined by the Committee.
When the Committee determines whether a performance goal has been satisfied for any Performance
Period, the Committee, where the Committee deems appropriate, may make such determination
using calculations which may include or exclude one, or more than one, extraordinary
items as determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and the Committee
may determine whether a performance goal has been satisfied for any Performance Period, taking
into account the alternative which the Committee deems appropriate under the circumstances.
The Committee also may take into account any other unusual or nonrecurring items, including
the charges or costs associated with restructurings of the Company, discontinued operations,
and the cumulative effects of accounting changes and, further, may take into account any
unusual or nonrecurring events affecting the Company, changes in applicable tax laws or accounting
principles or such other factors as the Committee may determine reasonable and appropriate
under the circumstances (including any factors that could result in the Companys paying
nondeductible compensation to an Employee or nonemployee Director).

21

10.2 Performance Goals. If an Award is
subject to performance vesting restrictions or conditions, then the lapsing of restrictions
thereon, or the vesting thereof, and the distribution of cash, Shares, or other property
pursuant thereto, as applicable, shall be subject to the achievement of one or more objective
performance goals established by the Committee, may be based on the attainment of one or
any combination of performance metrics determined appropriate by the Committee, and which
may be established on an absolute or relative basis for the Company as a whole or any of
its subsidiaries, operating divisions, or other operating units, including, but not limited
to:

(a) earnings per share (this could include
basic, diluted, or core)

(b) return on average assets

(c) return on average equity

(d) total shareholder return

(e) asset quality

(f) net income

(g) pre-tax income

(h) efficiency ratio

(i) asset growth

(j) loan growth

(k) deposit growth

(l) core deposit growth

(m) net interest margin (including tax-equivalent)

(n) achievement of business criteria or
operational goals, consisting of one or more objectives based on meeting specified revenue,
market share, market penetration, business development, geographic business expansion goals,
objectively identified project milestones, production volume levels, cost targets, customer
satisfaction, and goals relating to acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures and/or

(o) accomplishment of mergers, acquisitions,
dispositions, public offerings, or similar extraordinary business transactions

provided that applicable incentive
goals may be applied on a pre-tax or post-tax basis and provided further that the Committee may, when the applicable incentive
goals are established, provide that the formula for such goals may include or exclude items to measure specific objectives, such as losses
from discontinued operations, extraordinary gains or losses, the cumulative effect of accounting changes, acquisitions, or divestitures,
foreign exchange impacts and any unusual, infrequently occurring, or nonrecurring gain or loss. As established by the Committee, the
incentive goals may include, without limitation, GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures.

22

10.3 Adjustments.
The Committee may adjust upwards or downwards the amount payable pursuant to such Award,
or waive the achievement of the applicable performance goals in the case of the Participants
death, disability, Change in Control, or other special circumstance determined by the Committee.

SECTION 11 

CHANGE IN CONTROL

11.1 Effect of a Change in Control. The
provisions of this Section 11.1 shall apply in the case of a Change in Control, unless otherwise
provided in the Award Agreement or any special Plan document or separate agreement with a
Participant governing an Award.

(a) Awards Assumed or Substituted by
Surviving Entity. With respect to Awards assumed by any surviving entity or acquiring
entity in connection with the Change in Control (such surviving entity or acquiring entity
the Surviving Entity) or otherwise equitably converted or substituted
in connection with a Change in Control: if within one year after the effective date of the
Change in Control, a Participants employment is involuntarily terminated other than
for Cause, then (i) all of that Participants outstanding Options or SARs shall become
fully exercisable, (ii) all time-based vesting restrictions on his or her outstanding Awards
shall lapse, and (iii) the payout level under all of that Participants performance-based
Awards that were outstanding immediately before the effective time of the Change in Control
shall be determined and deemed to have been earned as of the date of termination based upon
(A) an assumed achievement of all relevant performance goals at the target
level if the date of termination occurs during the first half of the applicable performance
period, or (B) the actual level of achievement of all relevant performance goals against
target (measured as of the end of the calendar quarter immediately preceding the date of
termination), if the date of termination occurs during the second half of the applicable
performance period, and, in either such case, there shall be a pro rata payout to such Participant
within 60 days following the date of termination of employment (unless a later date is required
under Section 18.2), based upon the length of time (in days) within the performance period
that has elapsed prior to the date of termination of employment. Any Options or SARs shall
thereafter continue or lapse in accordance with the other provisions of the Plan and the
Award Agreement. Any Assumption of an Option or a SAR under this Section 11.1(a) must be
in a manner that complies with Code section 424(a).

(b) Awards not Assumed or Substituted
by Surviving Entity. Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, and except with respect
to any Awards assumed by the Surviving Entity or otherwise equitably converted or substituted
in connection with the Change in Control in a manner approved by the Committee or the Board:
(i) outstanding Options or SARs shall become fully exercisable, (ii) time-based vesting restrictions
on outstanding Awards shall lapse, and (iii) the payout level attainable under outstanding
performance-based Awards shall be deemed to have been fully earned as of the effective date
of the Change in Control based upon (A) an assumed achievement of all relevant performance
goals at the target level if the Change in Control occurs during the first
half of the applicable performance period, or (B) the actual level of achievement of all
relevant performance goals against target measured as of the date of the Change in Control,
if the Change in Control occurs during the second half of the applicable performance period,
and, in either such case, there shall be a pro rata payout to Participants within sixty (60)
days following the Change in Control (unless a later date is required by Section 18.2 hereof),
based upon the length of time (in days) within the performance period that has elapsed prior
to the Change in Control. Any Options or SARs shall thereafter continue or lapse in accordance
with the other provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement.

23

11.2 Other Permissible Actions with Respect
to Awards in a Change in Control. In addition to Section 11.1 and except as may be specifically
provided in a Participants Award Agreement, in connection with a Change in Control, the
Committee may elect to take one or more of the following actions with respect to each outstanding
Award:

(a) Cancellation of the Award and a payment
to the Participant with respect to each Share subject to the portion of the Award that is
vested as of the transaction date equal to the underlying Fair Market Value of the Share
underlying the Award or, in the case of an Option or SAR, an amount equal to the excess of
(i) the value, as determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, of the property (including
cash) received by the holder of a share of Stock as a result of the transaction, over (ii)
the per-Share Option Exercise Price or SAR exercise price (such excess, the Spread)
. Such payment shall be made in the form of cash, cash equivalents, or securities of the
surviving corporation or its parent having a value equal to such Fair Market Value or Spread,
respectively. In addition, any escrow, holdback, earnout, or similar provisions in the transaction
agreement may apply to such payment to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions
apply to the holders of Stock. If the Fair Market Value or Spread applicable to an Award
is zero (0) or a negative number, then the Award may be cancelled without making a payment
to the Participant.

(b) With respect to an outstanding Option
or SAR, cancellation of the Award without the payment of any consideration provided
that the Participant shall be notified of such treatment and given an opportunity to exercise
the Award to the extent the Option or SAR is vested or becomes vested as of the effective
date of the transaction during a period of not less than five (5) business days preceding
the effective date of the transaction, unless (i) a shorter period is required to permit
a timely closing of the transaction, and (ii) such shorter period still offers the Participant
a reasonable opportunity to exercise the Award. Any exercise of the Option or SAR during
such period may be contingent upon the closing of the transaction.

(c) With respect to an outstanding Option
or SAR, suspension of the Participant's right to exercise the Award during a limited period
of time preceding the closing of the transaction, if such suspension is administratively
necessary to permit the closing of the transaction.

(d) Termination of any right the Participant
has to exercise an Option or SAR before vesting in the Shares subject to the Award (i.e.,
early exercise), such that following the closing of the transaction the Award
may only be exercised to the extent it is vested.

11.3 Board Discretion. For the avoidance
of doubt, the Board has discretion to accelerate, in whole or part, the vesting and exercisability
of an Award in connection with a Change in Control covered by this Section 11. Any such determinations
by the Board under this Section 11 may be made generally with respect to all Participants,
or may be made on a case-by-case basis with respect to particular Participants.

24

SECTION 12

RIGHTS OF EMPLOYEES
PARTICIPANTS

12.1 Employment. Nothing contained in
the Plan or in any Award granted under the Plan shall confer upon any Participant any right
with respect to the continuation of his or her services as a Service Provider or interfere
in any way with the right of the Company, subject to the terms of any separate employment
or consulting agreement to the contrary, at any time to terminate such services or to increase
or decrease the compensation of the Participant from the rate in existence at the time of
the grant of an Award. Whether an authorized leave of absence, or absence in military or
government service, shall constitute a termination of Participant's services as a Service
Provider shall be determined by the Committee at the time.

12.2 Nontransferability. Except as provided
in Section 12.3, no right or interest of any Holder in an Award granted pursuant to the Plan
shall be assignable or transferable during the lifetime of the Participant, either voluntarily
or involuntarily, or be subjected to any lien, directly or indirectly, by operation of law,
or otherwise, including execution, levy, garnishment, attachment, pledge, or bankruptcy.
In the event of a Participant's death, a Holder's rights and interests in all Awards shall,
to the extent not otherwise prohibited hereunder, be transferable by testamentary will or
the laws of descent and distribution, and payment of any amounts due under the Plan shall
be made to, and exercise of any Options or SARs may be made by, the Holder's legal representatives,
heirs, or legatees. If, in the opinion of the Committee, a person entitled to payments or
to exercise rights with respect to the Plan is disabled from caring for his or her affairs
because of a mental condition, physical condition, or age, payment due such person may be
made to, and such rights shall be exercised by, such person's guardian, conservator, or other
legal personal representative upon furnishing the Committee with evidence satisfactory to
the Committee of such status. "Transfers" shall not be deemed to include transfers
to the Company or "cashless exercise" procedures with third parties who provide
financing for the purpose of (or who otherwise facilitate) the exercise of Awards consistent
with applicable laws and the authorization of the Committee.

12.3 Permitted Transfers. Pursuant to
conditions and procedures established by the Committee from time to time, the Committee may
permit Awards to be, without consideration other than nominal consideration, transferred
to, exercised by, and paid to any person or entity related to or affiliated with a Participant,
including the Participant's employer or an affiliate thereof, a Person who has a right to
appoint the Participant as a nonemployee Director, or members of the Participant's immediate
family or trusts whose beneficiaries or beneficial owners are members of the Participant's
immediate family (a "Permitted Transferee"). Notwithstanding any other provision
in the Plan to the contrary, where applicable the Committee may interpret the terms Service
Provider or Participant to include a Permitted Transferee. In the case of initial Awards,
at the request of the Participant, the Committee may permit the naming of the Permitted Transferee
as the Award recipient. Any permitted transfer shall be subject to the condition that the
Committee receive evidence satisfactory to it that the transfer is being made without any
consideration (other than nominal consideration) being paid to the Participant. With respect
to any Holder who is not the original Service Provider that was granted the Award (e.g.,
a Permitted Transferee), all provisions relating to the transferred Award that are determined
with reference to the original Service Provider, including without limitation those that
refer to the original Service Provider's employment or service with the Company or its Subsidiaries,
shall continue to be determined with reference to the original Service Provider after any
transfer of the Award to the non-Service Provider Holder.

25

SECTION 13 

GENERAL RESTRICTIONS

13.1 Investment Representations. The
Company may require any person to whom an Award is granted, as a condition to receiving Stock
under the Award, to give written assurances in substance and form satisfactory to the Company
and its counsel to the effect that such person is acquiring the Stock subject to the Award
for his or her own account for investment and not with any present intention of selling or
otherwise distributing the same, and to such other effect as the Company deems necessary
or appropriate in order to comply with federal and applicable state securities laws. Legends
evidencing such restrictions may be placed on the certificates evidencing the Stock.

13.2 Compliance with Securities Laws. 

(a) General. Each Award shall
be subject to the requirement that, if at any time counsel to the Company shall determine
that the listing, registration, or qualification of the Shares subject to such Award upon
any securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of
any governmental or regulatory body, is necessary as a condition of, or in connection with,
the issuance or purchase of Shares thereunder, such Award may not be accepted or exercised
in whole or in part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent, or approval
shall have been effected or obtained on conditions acceptable to the Committee. Nothing herein
shall be deemed to require the Company to apply for or to obtain such listing, registration,
or qualification.

(b) Sarbanes-Oxley. Each
Holder who is a Director or an Executive Officer is restricted from taking any action with
respect to any Award if such action would result in (i) a violation of Section 306 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, whether or not such
law and regulations are applicable to the Company, or (ii) any policies adopted by the Company
restricting transactions in the Stock.

(c) Compliance with Rule 701.
To the extent that any Awards are granted prior to a Public Offering and the filling
of an effective registration statement on Form S-8, the Plan is intended to be a written
compensatory benefit plan within the meaning of Rule 701 promulgated under the Securities
Act and, therefore, such Awards are subject to the restrictions set forth in Rule 701, and
are restricted securities, as such term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated
under the Securities Act, and any resale of the Shares underlying such Awards must be in
compliance with the registration requirements of the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom.
Awards issued pursuant to the Plan prior to a Public Offering and the filling of an effective
registration statement on Form S-8 shall in no event exceed the limitations set forth in
Rule 701(d), as applicable from time to time.

26

(d) Securities Law Requirements.
Shares shall not be issued under the Plan unless, in the opinion of counsel acceptable to
the Board, the issuance and delivery of such Shares comply with (or are exempt from) all
applicable requirements of law, including (without limitation) the Securities Act, the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder, state securities laws and regulations, and the regulations
of any stock exchange or other securities market on which the Company's securities may then
be traded. The Company shall not be liable for a failure to issue Shares as a result of such
requirements. In addition, an Option and Restricted Stock Unit shall comply with all conditions
of Rule 12h-1(f)(1) under the Exchange Act and any SEC interpretations relating thereto until
the Company becomes subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act. Such conditions include, without limitation, the transferability restrictions set forth
in Rule 12h-1(f)(1)(iv) and (v) under the Exchange Act, which shall apply to an Option or
Restricted Stock Unit and, prior to exercise or settlement, to the Shares to be issued upon
exercise of such Option or settlement of a Restricted Stock Unit during the period commencing
on the Date of Grant and ending on the earlier of (i) the date when the Company becomes subject
to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or (ii) the date
when the Company makes a determination that it will cease to rely on the exemption afforded
by Rule 12h-1(f)(1) under the Exchange Act. During such period, an Option and Restricted
Stock Unit and, prior to exercise or settlement thereof, respectively, the Shares to be issued
upon exercise of such Option shall be restricted as to any pledge, hypothecation or other
transfer by the Optionee, including any short position, any "put equivalent position"
(as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) or any "call equivalent position"
(as defined in Rule 16a-1(b) under the Exchange Act).

SECTION 14 

OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

The amount of any compensation deemed to be received
by a Participant as a result of the exercise of an Option or the grant, payment, or vesting of any other Award shall not constitute "earnings"
with respect to which any other benefits of such Participant are determined, including benefits under (a) any pension, profit sharing,
life insurance, or salary continuation plan, or other employee benefit plan of the Company, or (b) any agreement between the Company
and the Participant, except as such plan or agreement shall otherwise expressly provide.

SECTION 15 

PLAN AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION,
AND TERMINATION

15.1 Amendment, Modification, and Termination.
The Board may at any time terminate, and from time to time may amend or modify, the Plan
provided, however, that no amendment or modification may become effective without approval
of the amendment or modification by the stockholders if stockholder approval is required
to enable the Plan to satisfy any applicable statutory or regulatory requirements, to comply
with the requirements for listing on any exchange where the Shares are listed, or if the
Company, on the advice of counsel, determines that stockholder approval is otherwise necessary
or desirable.

15.2 Adjustment Upon Certain Unusual
or Nonrecurring Events. The Board may make adjustments in the terms and conditions of
Awards in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events (including the events described in
Section 4.4) affecting the Company or the financial statements of the Company or of changes
in applicable laws, regulations, or accounting principles, whenever the Board determines
that such adjustments are appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the
benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan.

15.3 Awards Previously Granted. Notwithstanding
any other provision of the Plan to the contrary (but subject to a Holder's employment being
terminated for Cause and Section 15.2), no termination, amendment, or modification of the
Plan shall adversely affect in any material way any Award previously granted under the Plan,
without the written consent of the Holder of such Award.

27

SECTION 16 

WITHHOLDING

16.1 Withholding Requirement. The Company's
obligations to deliver Shares upon the exercise of an Option or SAR, or upon the vesting,
settlement, or issuance of any other Award, shall be subject to the Participant's satisfaction
of all applicable federal, state, and local income and other tax (including Social Security
and Medicare taxes) withholding requirements.

16.2 Satisfaction of Withholding Requirement.
The Committee may, in its sole discretion, provide that when taxes are to be withheld
in connection with the exercise, vesting, settlement, or issuance of an Award, the Holder
may elect to make payment for the withholding taxes, by one or a combination of the following
methods:

(a) payment of an amount in cash equal
to the amount to be withheld

(b) payment by tendering previously acquired
Shares (either actually or by attestation) valued at their then Fair Market Value in an amount
equal to the amount to be withheld

(c) requesting that the Company withhold
from the Shares otherwise issuable to the Holder Shares having a value equal to their then
Fair Market Value and equal to the amount to be withheld and

(d) withholding from any other compensation
otherwise due to the Holder.

16.3 Withholding with Stock. To the extent
the Committee permits withholding through either the payment of previously acquired Shares
or withholding from the Shares otherwise issuable to the Holder, any such withholding shall
be in accordance with any rules or established procedures for election by Participants or
Holders including any rules or restrictions relating to the period of time any previously
acquired Shares have been held or owned, the timing of any elections, the irrevocability
of any elections, or any special rules relating to a Participant who is an officer or director
of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the 1934 Act.

SECTION 17 

NONEXCLUSIVITY OF THE PLAN

17.1 Nonexclusivity of the Plan. Neither
the adoption of the Plan nor the submission of the Plan to stockholders of the Company for
approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power or authority of the
Board or of the Committee to continue to maintain or adopt such other or additional incentive
or other compensation arrangements of whatever nature as the Board or the Committee, as the
case may be, may deem necessary or desirable, or to preclude or limit the continuation of
any other plan, practice, or arrangement for the payment of compensation or fringe benefits
to Employees or nonemployee Directors generally, or to any class or group of Employees or
nonemployee Directors, which the Company now has lawfully put into effect, including any
retirement, pension, savings, and stock purchase plan, insurance, death, and disability benefits,
and executive short-term incentive plans.

28

SECTION 18 

REQUIREMENTS OF LAW

18.1 Requirements of Law. The issuance
of Stock and the payment of cash pursuant to the Plan shall be subject to all applicable
laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or stock
exchanges as may be required. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or any Award, Holders
shall not be entitled to exercise or receive benefits under any Award, and the Company shall
not be obligated to deliver any Shares or other benefits to a Holder, if such exercise, receipt
of benefits, or delivery would constitute a violation by the Holder or the Company of any
applicable law or regulation.

18.2 Code Section 409A. 

(a) This Plan is intended to meet or to
be exempt from the requirements of Code section 409A, and shall be administered, construed,
and interpreted in a manner that is in accordance with and in furtherance of such intent.
Any provision of this Plan that would cause an Award to fail to satisfy Code section 409A
or, if applicable, an exemption from the requirements of that Section, shall be amended (in
a manner that as closely as practicable achieves the original intent of this Plan) to comply
with Code section 409A or any such exemption on a timely basis, which may be made on a retroactive
basis, in accordance with regulations and other guidance issued under Code section 409A.

(b) If an Award provides for payments or
benefits that (i) constitute a "deferral of compensation" within the meaning of
Code section 409A, and (ii) are triggered upon a termination of employment, then to the extent
required to comply with Code section 409A, the phrases "termination of employment,"
"separation from service," or words and phrases of similar import, shall be interpreted
to mean a "separation from service" within the meaning of Code section 409A.

(c) If a Participant was a "specified
employee," then to the extent required in order to comply with Code section 409A, all
payments, benefits, or reimbursements paid or provided under any Award that constitute a
"deferral of compensation" within the meaning of Code section 409A, that are provided
as a result of a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A and
that would otherwise be paid or provided during the first six (6) months following such separation
from service shall be accumulated through and paid or provided (together with interest at
the applicable federal rate under Code section 7872(f)(2)(A) in effect on the date of the
separation from service) on the first business day that is more than six (6) months after
the date of the separation from service (or, if the Participant dies during such six (6)
month period, within ninety (90) days after the Participant's death).

(d) To the extent that payment of an amount
that constitutes a "deferral of compensation" within the meaning of Code section
409A is contingent upon the Participant executing a release of claims against the Company,
the release must be executed by the Participant and become effective and irrevocable in accordance
with its terms no later than the earlier of (i) the date set forth in the Award, or (ii)
fifty-five (55) days following separation from service.

(e) If a Consultant is entitled under an
Award to compensation for consulting services and the Award or payment constitutes a "deferral
of compensation" within the meaning of Code section 409A, the compensation must be paid
no later than the earlier of (i) the date specified for payment under the Award, or (ii)
within 90 days following the end of the calendar month in which the Participant performs
the services to which the compensation relates, provided that all required documentation
is timely submitted.

29

(f) To the extent that any Award is subject
to Code section 409A, any substitution of such Award may only be made if such substitution
is made in a manner permitted and compliant with Code section 409A.

(g) In no event will the Company or any
Affiliate have any liability to any Participant with respect to any penalty or additional
income tax imposed under Code section 409A even if there is a failure on the part of the
Company or Committee to avoid or minimize such Section's penalty or additional income tax.

18.3 Rule 16b-3. Each transaction under
the Plan is intended to comply with all applicable conditions of Rule 16b-3, to the extent
Rule 16b-3 reasonably may be relevant or applicable to such transaction. To the extent any
provision of the Plan or any action by the Committee under the Plan fails to so comply, such
provision or action shall, without further action by any person, be deemed to be automatically
amended to the extent necessary to effect compliance with Rule 16b-3 provided, however,
that if such provision or action cannot be amended to effect such compliance, such provision
or action shall be deemed null and void to the extent permitted by law and deemed advisable
by the Committee.

18.4 Governing Law. The Plan and all
agreements hereunder shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the
state of Kansas without giving effect to the principles of the conflict of laws to the contrary.

30
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex10-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

RETENTION AGREEMENT

This RETENTION AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is entered into by and among FIRST BUSEY CORPORATION
(First Busey),
BUSEY BANK (the Bank, and together with First Busey, Employer) and [NAME]
(Executive). This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Time of the Merger (each as defined in the Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) by and between First Busey and CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. (CrossFirst),
dated as of August 26, 2024, under which, among other things, CrossFirst will merge with and into First Busey). In the event that
the Effective Time shall not occur, this Agreement shall be void as of the date it was entered into and of no force and effect.

RECITALS

A. As
of the date of execution hereof, Executive is employed by Employer, pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement effective as of [Date]
between Employer and Executive (as amended from time to time, the Employment Agreement); and

B.Employer
appreciates Executives service to Employer and believes that it is important that Executive remain in the employ of Employer following
the Effective Time, and in recognition thereof Employer shall grant Executive a one-time retention bonus of [Number] ($[]) (the
Retention Bonus) payable in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein.

Now,
Therefore, in consideration of the foregoing and of the respective covenants and agreements of the parties contained herein,
the parties hereby agree as follows:

AGREEMENTS

1.Payment
of Retention Bonus.

(a)Payment
Timing. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Retention Bonus will be payable to Executive in a lump sum, less
all applicable withholdings and deductions, [one-third (1/3)][one-half (1/2)] within forty-five (45) days following the Effective Time
and [one-third (1/3)][one-half (1/2)] on or as soon as practicable following [each of] the first [anniversary][and second anniversaries]
of the Effective Time (each such payment date, a Payment Date), in each case subject to Executives continued
employment through the relevant Payment Date, in accordance with the terms hereof.

(b)At
Will Employment. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein modifies the fact that Executives employment with Employer
remains at will in accordance with Section 4(e) of the Employment Agreement.

2.Waiver
of Good Reason. In consideration for the Retention Bonus being granted to Executive pursuant
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Executive hereby waives any right Executive may have to terminate Executives employment
with Employer for Good Reason pursuant to, and as defined in, the Employment Agreement, resulting from and in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

3.Treatment
on Termination.

(a)Payment
in Connection with Certain Terminations. If Executives employment with Employer terminates prior to the final Payment Date
under Sections 6(b), 6(c) or 6(e) of the Employment Agreement, then, subject to the effectiveness of a release substantially
in the form attached as Exhibit A to the Employment Agreement (the Release), Employer shall pay to Executive,
in addition to all other payments and benefits that Executive is entitled to under Sections 6(b), 6(c) or 6(e) of the Employment
Agreement, as applicable, a lump sum cash payment equal to any unpaid portion of the Retention Bonus at the first regularly scheduled
Employer payday that is administratively feasible following the effectiveness of the Release. For the avoidance of doubt, upon such payment
pursuant to this Section 3(a), Executive shall have no further right to payment from Employer under this Agreement.

(b)Effect
of Other Terminations. If Executives employment with Employer terminates prior to the final Payment Date (other than as provided
under Section 3(a) above), then Executive shall not have any right to any payment of any unpaid portion of the Retention
Bonus.

4.Executive
Covenants; Protected Disclosures. As a material inducement to Employer granting the Retention
Bonus to Executive, Executive hereby reaffirms Executives obligations to abide by the restrictions set forth in Sections 9, 10
and 12 of the Employment Agreement. In the event Employer determines that Executive has violated any of the restrictions contained in
Sections 9, 10 or 12 of the Employment Agreement, Executives eligibility for and receipt of any unpaid portion of the Retention
Bonus shall immediately terminate. The foregoing is in addition to any other rights and remedies available to Employer under this Agreement,
the Employment Agreement or otherwise under any applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be held criminally
or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made (i) in confidence
to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose
of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or
other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Accordingly, Executive shall have the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets
to Federal, State, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation
of law and Executive does not need Employers permission to do so. Executive shall also have the right to disclose trade secrets
in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure.
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets
that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to authorize, or limit liability
for, an act that is otherwise prohibited by law, such as the unlawful access of material by unauthorized means. Nothing contained herein
(or in the Release) is intended to, and this Section 4 and Sections 9, 10 and 12 of the Employment Agreement shall not, (x) limit
Executives rights under applicable law to initiate communications directly with, provide information to, respond to any inquiries
from, or report possible violations of law or regulation to any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority, or to file a charge
with or participate in an investigation conducted by any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority or (y) preclude Executive
from disclosing or discussing information lawfully acquired about wages, hours or other terms and conditions of employment if used for
purposes protected by Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act such as joining or forming a union, engaging in collective bargaining
or engaging in other concerted activity for the mutual aid or protection of employees, and Executive does not need Employers permission
to do so. In addition, it is understood that nothing herein (or the Release) shall require Executive to notify Employer of a request for
information from any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority or of Executives decision to file a charge with or participate
in an investigation conducted by any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive recognizes
that, in connection with the provision of information to any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority, Executive must inform such
governmental entity or self-regulatory authority that the information Executive is providing is confidential. Despite the foregoing, Executive
is not permitted to reveal to any third party, including any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority, information Executive came
to learn during Executives service to Employer that is protected from disclosure by any applicable privilege, including but not
limited to the attorney-client privilege or attorney work product doctrine. Employer does not waive any applicable privileges or the right
to continue to protect its privileged attorney-client information, attorney work product, and other privileged information.

2

5.Code
Section 409A. The parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with
or be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Code), and the regulations
thereunder, and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or
penalties under Code Section 409A. Furthermore, it is the parties intention that the payments pursuant to Sections
1 and 3 of this Agreement qualify for the exemptions from Code Section 409A set forth in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4) or
Treasury Regulation 1.409A-(1)(b)(9). In no event whatsoever will Employer be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties
that may be imposed on Executive under Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. For purposes
of Section 409A, each payments made under this Agreement will be treated as a separate payment.

6.Governing
Law and Enforcement. This Agreement shall be construed and the legal relations of the parties
shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois without reference to the law regarding conflicts of law.

7.Jurisdiction.
Any action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any right arising out of, this Agreement, shall be brought against
either of the parties exclusively in the courts of the State of Illinois, County of Champaign, or, if it has or can acquire jurisdiction,
in the United States District court for the Central District of Illinois, and each of the parties consents to the exclusive jurisdiction
of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts) in any such action or proceeding and waives any objection to venue laid therein.
Process in any action or proceeding referred to in the preceding sentence may be served on either party anywhere in the world. EXECUTIVE
AND EMPLOYER HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE, AND EXECUTIVE REPRESENTS THAT EXECUTIVES WAIVER
IS KNOWING, VOLUNTARY AND INTENTIONAL.

8.Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, the Employment Agreement and the Release (when executed) constitute
the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior negotiations, undertakings, agreements
and arrangements with respect thereto, whether written or oral. The provisions of this Agreement shall be regarded as divisible and separate;
if any provision is declared invalid or unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected.
In the event any provision of this Agreement is held to be overbroad as written, such provision shall be deemed to be amended to narrow
the application of such provision to the extent necessary to make such provision enforceable according to applicable law.

9.Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by electronic signature),
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. A PDF, facsimile or
other reproduction of this Agreement may be executed by one or more parties hereto and delivered by such party by facsimile or any similar
electronic transmission device pursuant to which the signature of or on behalf of such party can be seen.

10.Clawback.
The Retention Bonus and any other amount or benefit received under this Agreement shall be subject to potential cancellation, recoupment,
rescission, payback, or other action in accordance with the terms of any applicable Employer clawback policy (the Policy)
or any applicable law, as may be in effect from time to time. Executive acknowledges and consents to Employers application, implementation,
and enforcement of (a) the Policy or any similar policy established by Employer that may apply to Executive and (b) any provision
of applicable law relating to cancellation, rescission, payback, or recoupment of compensation, as well as Executives express agreement
that Employer may take such actions as may be necessary to effectuate the Policy, any similar policy, or applicable law, without further
consideration or action.

3

11.Withholding
of Taxes. Employer may withhold from any benefits payable under this Agreement all federal,
state, city and other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law, governmental regulation, or ruling.

12.Successors;
Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Executive, Employer
and their respective personal representatives, successors and assigns. For the purposes of this Agreement, any successor or assign of
Employer shall be deemed to be Employer. Employer shall require any successor or assign of Employer or any direct
or indirect purchaser or acquirer of all or substantially all of the business, assets or liabilities of Employer, whether by transfer,
purchase, merger, consolidation, stock acquisition or otherwise, to assume and agree in writing to perform this Agreement and Employers
obligations hereunder in the same manner and to the same extent as Employer would have been required to perform them if no such transaction
had occurred.

13.Amendment.
This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by written agreement signed by Executive
and Employer.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

4

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on February 27, 2025, effective as of the Effective Time.

FIRST BUSEY CORPORATION EXECUTIVE

By: 

Van A. Dukeman [NAME]

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

BUSEY BANK 

By: 

Van A. Dukeman 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Signature Page to [Name] Retention Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex10-6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.6
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment
Agreement (this Agreement) is by and among First Busey Corporation (First Busey),
Busey Bank (the Bank and, together with First Busey, Employer), and Scott A. Phillips (Executive,
and together with Employer, the Parties). This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Time of the Merger
(each as defined in the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) between First Busey and CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.
(CrossFirst), dated as of August 26, 2024, under which, among other things, CrossFirst will merge with and into
First Busey). In the event that the Effective Time shall not occur, this Agreement shall be void as of the date it was entered into and
of no force and effect.

Recitals

A. The
Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of First Busey.

B. As
of the date of execution hereof, Executive is employed by Employer.

C. Employer
has notified Executive that it intends to continue Executives employment after the Effective Time.

D. Executive
desires to be employed by Employer as of and following the Effective Time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Now,
therefore, in consideration of the foregoing and of the respective covenants and agreements of the Parties contained
herein, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

Agreements

Section 1. Term
with Automatic Renewal Provision. After the Effective Time, Executive shall be employed by Employer for a period of one (1) year
commencing as of the Effective Time (the Initial Term). Following the Initial Term, the term shall automatically
renew for additional one (1) year periods, unless either Party provides written notice of nonrenewal to the other Party not less
than thirty (30) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or such one (1) year renewal period (the Initial Term and any subsequent
renewal periods, the Term).

Section 2. Employment.

(a) Positions
and Duties. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Executive shall devote Executives full business time, energies and
talent to serving as the Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer of First Busey and the Bank (the EVP, CAO)
at the direction of the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of First Busey (the CFO). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Employer and Executive acknowledge and agree that, as of February 18, 2025, Executive has been appointed as Interim
CFO of First Busey and as Interim CFO of the Bank, which roles Executive will hold in addition to Executives role as the EVP, CAO,
until such time First Busey determines. Accordingly, during such time as Executive will serve as Interim CFO of First Busey, Executive
shall serve in each of the foregoing capacities at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer of First Busey (the CEO).
Executive shall perform all duties assigned to Executive faithfully, loyally and efficiently, and shall have such duties, authority and
responsibilities as may be assigned to Executive from time to time by the CFO or CEO, as applicable, which duties, authority and responsibilities
shall include those customarily held by such officer of comparable companies, subject always to the charter and bylaw provisions and policies
of Employer. Executive shall perform the duties required by this Agreement at Employers principal place of business in Fort Myers,
Florida unless the nature of such duties requires otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the Term, Executive may devote reasonable
time to activities other than those required under this Agreement, including activities of a charitable, educational, religious or similar
nature (including professional associations) to the extent such activities do not in any material way inhibit, prohibit, interfere with
or conflict with Executives duties under this Agreement or conflict in any material way with the business of Employer.

(b) Transfers.
The Board of Directors of First Busey (the Board) may, in its sole discretion, cause Executives employment
to be transferred from Employer to any wholly-owned subsidiary of First Busey, in which case all references in this Agreement to Employer
shall be deemed to refer to such subsidiary (and First Busey, if applicable).

Section 3. Compensation
and Benefits. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, during the Term of this Agreement, Employer shall compensate Executive for
Executives services as follows:

(a) Base
Compensation. Executives annual base salary rate shall be three hundred twenty-five thousand dollars ($325,000.00) (the
Base Salary), which shall be payable in accordance with Employers normal payroll practices as are in effect
from time to time. Beginning with the 2026 calendar year and annually thereafter, the Board (or an authorized committee thereof) shall
review Executives Base Salary at such time as it reviews Employers executive compensation to determine whether Executives
Base Salary should be maintained at its existing level or increased, with any increase being effective as determined by the Board (or
an authorized committee thereof). If Executives Base Salary is increased by Employer, such increased Base Salary will then constitute
the Base Salary for all purposes of this Agreement.

(b) Discretionary
Performance Bonus. Employer shall consider Executive for a bonus each year during the Term based on performance criteria established
by Employer and any other factors deemed by Employer to be appropriate. Bonuses shall be awarded, if at all, in the sole discretion of
Employer, and nothing in this Agreement shall require the payment of a bonus in any given year. Payment of any such bonus shall be made
as soon as practicable after it is earned, but in no event later than two and one-half (2) months following the end of the calendar
year in which it is earned; provided that bonuses shall not be considered earned until Employer has made all determinations and
taken all actions necessary to establish such bonuses.

(c) Long-Term
Incentive Program. During the Term, Executive shall be eligible to receive annual grants under Employers long-term equity
incentive program, as determined in the sole discretion of the Board (or an authorized committee thereof).

(d) Profit
Sharing Benefit. Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual profit sharing benefit based on the combined amount of Executives
Base Salary and, if applicable, Executives discretionary performance bonus, after Executive meets the eligibility requirements
of the applicable profit sharing plan. The Board shall decide the exact amount of this benefit annually in its sole discretion. Employer
shall contribute this benefit for the account of Executive to Employers tax-qualified retirement plan and/or any nonqualified deferred
compensation plan that Employer establishes or maintains. All such profit sharing benefit payments shall be determined and governed by
the terms of the applicable plan as may be in effect from time to time. Employer shall have no obligation to continue to maintain any
particular benefit plan or arrangement and the profit sharing benefit described in this Section 3(d) may be amended or
terminated by Employer at any time for any reason or no reason, provided such amendment or termination applies to all other similarly
situated senior executives of Employer.

2

(e) Retention
Award. Employer shall grant Executive a one-time retention bonus of one hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000.00) (the Retention
Bonus). The Retention Bonus will be payable to Executive in a lump sum, less all applicable withholdings and deductions, one-third
(1/3) within forty-five (45) days following the Effective Time and one-third (1/3) on or as soon as practicable following each of the
first and second anniversaries of the Effective Time (each such payment date, a Payment Date), in each case subject
to Executives continued employment through the relevant Payment Date, in accordance with the terms thereof. In consideration for
the Retention Bonus being granted to Executive and the other benefits provided by this Agreement, Executive hereby waives any right Executive
may have to terminate their employment with Employer for Good Reason pursuant to this Agreement, as a result of the execution of the Merger
Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, or changes resulting from integration matters
in connection with the Merger during the twenty-four (24) month period following the Effective Time.

(f) Reimbursement
of Expenses. Employer shall reimburse Executive for all travel, entertainment and other out-of-pocket business expenses that Executive
reasonably and necessarily incurs in the performance of Executives duties under this Agreement. Executive shall document these
expenses to the extent necessary to comply with all applicable laws and Employer policies. Any reimbursement payments hereunder shall
be made as provided in Employer policies and in no event later than two and one-half (2) months following the end of the calendar
year in which the corresponding expenses are incurred.

(g) Other
Benefits. Executive shall be eligible to participate, subject to the terms thereof, in all Employer retirement plans and health,
dental, life insurance and similar plans, as may be in effect from time to time with respect to similarly situated senior executives.
In addition to the foregoing benefits, Executive shall be eligible to participate in Employers key life insurance program, on the
first entry date following the Effective Time (which entry date is September 1, 2025) with an aggregate death benefit amount of five
hundred thousand dollars ($500,000.00), subject to satisfaction of insurability and all other terms of such program, as it may be amended
from time to time.

(h) Vacations.
Executive shall be subject to Employers general vacation policy as may be in effect from time to time, but shall accrue not less
than twenty-five (25) days of paid vacation annually.

3

(i) Withholding.
Employer may withhold any applicable federal, state and local withholding and other taxes from payments or benefits that become due or
allowances that are provided to Executive.

Section 4. Reasons
for Termination of Employment. Executives employment hereunder may be terminated during the Term under the following circumstances:

(a) Death.
Executives employment hereunder will terminate upon his or her death.

(b) Disability.
If, as a result of Executives incapacity due to physical or mental illness, Executive will have been substantially unable to perform
his or her duties hereunder for a continuous period of 180 days, Employer may terminate Executives employment hereunder for Disability.
During any period that Executive fails to perform his or her duties hereunder as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental illness,
Executive will continue to receive his or her full Base Salary set forth in Section 3(a) until his or her employment
terminates.

(c) Cause.
Employer may terminate Executives employment for Cause if: (i) Executive engages in one (1) or more unsafe or unsound
banking practices or material violations of a law or regulation applicable to Employer or any subsidiary; (ii) Executive engages
in any repeated violations of a policy of Employer after being warned in writing by the Board or the CFO or CEO, as applicable not to
violate such policy; (iii) Executive engages in any single violation of a policy of Employer if such violation materially and adversely
affects the business or affairs of Employer; (iv) Executive fails to timely implement a direction or order of the Board or the CFO
or CEO, as applicable, unless such direction or order would violate the law; (v) Executive engages in a breach of fiduciary duty
or act of dishonesty involving the affairs of Employer; (vi) Executive is removed or suspended from banking pursuant to Section 8(e) of
the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or any other applicable state or federal law; (vii) Executive commits a material breach of Executives
obligations under this Agreement that Executive fails to remedy to the reasonable satisfaction of Employer within thirty (30) days after
written notice is delivered by Employer to Executive that sets forth in reasonable detail the basis for Employers determination
that Executive materially breached an obligation under this Agreement (provided that notice and opportunity to cure need not be
provided to Executive more than once in any calendar year); (viii) Executive materially fails to perform Executives duties
to Employer with the degree of skill, care or competence expected by Employer that Executive fails to remedy to the reasonable satisfaction
of Employer within thirty (30) days after written notice is delivered by Employer to Executive that sets forth in reasonable detail the
basis for Employers determination that Executive materially failed to perform Executives duties to Employer (provided
that notice and opportunity to cure need not be provided to Executive more than once in any calendar year); or (ix) Executive is
found guilty of, or pleads nolo contendere to, a felony or an act of dishonesty in connection with the performance of Executives
duties as an officer of Employer, or an act that disqualifies Executive under applicable laws, rules or regulations from serving
as an officer or director of Employer.

4

(d) Good
Reason. Executive may terminate his or her employment for Good Reason within 60 days after Executive has actual
knowledge of the occurrence, without the written consent of Executive, of one of the following events that has not been cured within 30
days after written notice thereof has been given by Executive to Employer setting forth in reasonable detail the basis of the event (provided
that such notice must be given to Employer within 60 days of Executive becoming aware of such condition). Good Reason
means the occurrence of any one (1) or more of the following, without Executives prior consent: (i) a material reduction
in Executives Base Salary, unless such reduction applies to all similarly situated senior executives of Employer; (ii) Employer
changes the primary location of Executives employment to a place that is more than fifty (50) miles from Executives primary
location of employment as of the Effective Time; or (iii) Employer otherwise commits a material breach of its obligations under this
Agreement. Executives continued employment during the 60-day period referred to above in this Section 4(d) will
not constitute consent to, or a waiver of rights with respect to, any act or failure to act constituting Good Reason hereunder.

(e) Without
Cause. Employer may terminate Executives employment hereunder without Cause by providing Executive with a Notice of Termination
(as defined below). This means that, notwithstanding this Agreement, Executives employment with Employer will be at will.

(f) Without
Good Reason. Executive may terminate Executives employment hereunder without Good Reason by providing Employer with a Notice
of Termination.

Section 5. Termination
of Employment Procedure.

(a) Notice
of Termination. Any termination of Executives employment by Employer or by Executive during the Term (other than termination
pursuant to Section 4(a)) will be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto in accordance with
Section 15(i). For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a notice which will indicate
the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed
to provide a basis for termination of Executives employment under the provision so indicated if the termination is based on Sections
4(b), 4(c) or 4(d).

(b) Termination
Date. Termination Date means (i) if Executives employment is terminated by his or her death,
the date of his or her death; (ii) if Executives employment is terminated pursuant to Section 4(b), the date set
forth in the Notice of Termination; and (iii) if Executives employment is terminated for any other reason, the date on which
a Notice of Termination is given or any later date (within 30 days after the giving of such notice) set forth in such Notice of Termination;
provided, however, that if such termination is due to a Notice of Termination by Executive, Employer will have the right
to accelerate such notice and make the Termination Date the date of the Notice of Termination or such other date prior to Executives
intended Termination Date as Employer deems appropriate, which acceleration will in no event be deemed a termination by Employer without
Cause or constitute Good Reason. A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this
Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits, which are subject to Section 409A of the hereinafter defined Code
(together with the applicable regulations thereunder, Section 409A), upon or following a termination of employment
unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A (and the guidance issued
thereunder) and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a resignation, termination,
termination of employment, retirement or like terms shall mean separation from service.

5

(c) Removal
from any Boards and Position. Upon the termination of Executives employment with Employer for any reason, he or she will
be deemed to resign (i) from the board of directors of First Busey, the Bank, any of their respective subsidiaries and/or any other
board to which he or she has been appointed or nominated by or on behalf of Employer (including the Board), and (ii) from any position
(including, but not limited to, as an officer or director) or any other fiduciary role with First Busey, the Bank, and any of their respective
subsidiaries or their benefit plans.

Section 6. Compensation
upon Termination of Employment. This Section 6 provides the payments and benefits to be paid or provided to Executive
as a result of his or her termination of employment. Except as provided in this Section 6, Executive will not be entitled
to any payments or benefits from Employer as a result of the termination of his or her employment, regardless of the reason for such termination.

(a) Termination
for Any Reason. Following the termination of Executives employment, regardless of the reason for such termination and including,
without limitation, a termination of his or her employment by Employer for Cause or by Executive without Good Reason, upon expiration
of the Term, or by reason of Executives death or Disability, Employer will pay or provide to Executive (and upon Executives
death, Executives heirs, executors and administrators) the following (collectively, the Accrued Benefits)
as soon as practicable following the Termination Date:

(i) (A) any
earned but unpaid Base Salary, (B) any earned but unpaid bonus under Section 3(b) for previously completed performance
periods and (C) any accrued and unused vacation and personal time pay through the Termination Date;

(ii) reimbursement
for any amounts due to Executive pursuant to Section 3(f), provided that Executive submits the required documentation
in accordance with established policies and within thirty (30) days of the Termination Date; and

(iii) any
compensation and/or benefits as may be due or payable to Executive in accordance with the terms and provisions of any employee benefit
plans or programs of Employer.

Upon any termination of Executives employment
hereunder, except as otherwise provided herein, Executive (or his or her beneficiary, legal representative or estate, as the case may
be, in the event of his or her death or Disability) will be entitled to such rights in respect of any awards granted to Executive under
Employers long-term equity incentive program, and to only such rights, as are provided by the plan or the award agreement pursuant
to which such awards have been granted to Executive or other written agreement or arrangement between Executive and Employer.

6

(b) Termination
by Employer without Cause or upon Non-Renewal of the Term or by Executive for Good Reason (Non-Change in Control). If Executives
employment is terminated by Employer other than for Cause or a Disability, upon Employers non-renewal of the Term, or by Executive
for Good Reason, Employer (in lieu of any severance pay under any severance pay plans, programs or policies) will pay or provide the Accrued
Benefits and, subject to the effectiveness of a release as set forth in Section 7, will pay to Executive:

(i) an
amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the sum of (A) Executives then applicable Base Salary, plus (B) the amount
of the most recent performance bonus that Employer actually paid to Executive pursuant to Section 3(b), payable in substantially
equal installments over a one (1)-year period in accordance with Employers regular payroll practices then in effect;

(ii) reimbursement
for up to twelve (12) months for continuing coverage for Executive and, if applicable, Executives spouse and eligible dependents
under Employers health insurance pursuant to the health care continuation rules of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
Act of 1985 (COBRA), provided that Executive remains eligible for, and timely elects, such COBRA continuation
for such period following the Termination Date. To the extent Executive paid a portion of the premium for such benefits while employed,
Executive shall continue to pay such portion during the period of continuation hereunder, and any period of continuation hereunder shall
be credited against Executives continuation rights under COBRA; and

(iii) a
lump sum cash payment equal to any unpaid portion of the Retention Bonus.

(c) Termination
by Employer without Cause or upon Non-Renewal of the Term or by Executive for Good Reason (Change in Control Related). If Executives
employment is terminated by Employer other than for Cause or a Disability, upon Employers non-renewal of the Term, or by Executive
for Good Reason, in each case within one (1) year following a Change in Control, Employer (in lieu of any severance pay under any
severance pay plans, programs or policies, and in lieu of any payments or benefits provided under Section 6(b)) will pay or
provide the Accrued Benefits and, subject to the effectiveness of a release as set forth in Section 7, will pay to Executive:

(i) a
lump sum cash payment equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the sum of (A) Executives then applicable Base Salary, plus (B) the
amount of the most recent performance bonus that Employer actually paid to Executive pursuant to Section 3(b);

(ii) a
lump sum cash payment in respect of twelve (12) months of continuing coverage under Employers health insurance pursuant to COBRA;
and

(iii) a
lump sum cash payment equal to any unpaid portion of the Retention Bonus.

7

(iv) The
payments and benefits set forth in this Section 6(c) shall be paid within sixty (60) days following the Termination Date,
provided, that in the event the Change in Control event does not qualify as a change in the ownership or effective control of the
corporation, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the corporation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
Section 1.409A-3(i)(5), the timing of payment of the benefits set forth in this Section 6(c) shall be reformed to
the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A.

(d) Applicable
Definitions. Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i) During
any period of not more than 36 months, individuals who constitute the Board as of the beginning of the period (the Incumbent
Directors) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board, provided that any person becoming a
director subsequent to the beginning of such period, whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds
of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of First Busey in which
such person is named as a nominee for director, without written objection to such nomination) will be an Incumbent Director; provided,
however, that no individual initially elected or nominated as a director of First Busey as a result of an actual or publicly threatened
election contest with respect to directors or as a result of any other actual or publicly threatened solicitation of proxies by or on
behalf of any person other than the Board will be deemed to be an Incumbent Director;

(ii) Any
person (as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time
to time, or any successor thereto, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder (the Exchange Act) and
as used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), is or becomes a beneficial owner (as defined
in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of First Busey representing 30% or more of the combined
voting power of First Buseys then-outstanding securities eligible to vote for the election of the Board (Company Voting
Securities); provided, however, that the event described in this Section 6(d)(ii) will
not be deemed to be a Change in Control by virtue of the ownership, or acquisition, of Company Voting Securities: (i) by
First Busey, (ii) by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by First Busey, (iii) by any underwriter
temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or (iv) pursuant to a Non-Qualifying Transaction (as defined
in Section 6(d)(iii));

(iii) The
consummation of a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving First Busey that
requires the approval of First Buseys stockholders, whether for such transaction or the issuance of securities in the transaction
(a Business Combination), unless immediately following such Business Combination: (A) more than 60% of the total
voting power of (x) the entity resulting from such Business Combination (the Surviving Entity), or (y) if
applicable, the ultimate parent corporation that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership of at least 95% of the voting power,
is represented by Company Voting Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Business Combination (or, if applicable, is
represented by shares into which such Company Voting Securities were converted pursuant to such Business Combination), and such voting
power among the holders thereof is in substantially the same proportion as the voting power of such Company Voting Securities among the
holders thereof immediately prior to the Business Combination, (B) no person (other than any employee benefit plan (or related trust)
sponsored or maintained by the Surviving Entity or the parent), is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 30% or
more of the total voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors of the parent (or, if there is no parent,
the Surviving Entity) and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the parent (or, if there is no parent,
the Surviving Entity) following the consummation of the Business Combination were Incumbent Directors at the time of the Boards
approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Business Combination (any Business Combination which satisfies all
of the criteria specified in (A), (B) and (C) of this Section 6(d)(iii)) will be deemed to be a Non-Qualifying
Transaction);

8

(iv) The
consummation of a sale of all or substantially all of First Buseys assets (other than to an affiliate of First Busey); or

(v) First
Buseys stockholders approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of First Busey.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control
will not be deemed to occur solely because any person acquires beneficial ownership of more than 30% of the Company Voting Securities
as a result of the acquisition of Company Voting Securities by First Busey which reduces the number of Company Voting Securities outstanding;
provided that if after such acquisition by First Busey such person becomes the beneficial owner of additional Company Voting Securities
that increases the percentage of outstanding Company Voting Securities beneficially owned by such person, a Change in Control will then
occur.

(e) Termination
by Reason of Death or Disability. If Executives employment terminates on account of death or is terminated by Employer
for Disability, Employer (in lieu of any severance pay under any severance pay plans, programs or policies) will pay or provide the Accrued
Benefits and, subject to Section 7, will pay to Executive (or Executives heirs, executors and administrators) a lump
sum cash payment equal to any unpaid portion of the Retention Bonus.

Section 7. Release.

(a) As
a condition to Employers obligation to pay any amount under Sections 6(b), 6(c) and 6(e), Executive (or,
as applicable, Executives heirs, executors and administrators) shall execute a general release of, and waiver of claims against,
Employer and its subsidiaries and affiliates, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release)
on or before the sixtieth (60th) day following the Termination Date. For the avoidance of doubt, in order for such Release to be deemed
effective for purposes of this Agreement, any applicable revocation period with respect to such Release and waiver must have expired on
or before such sixtieth (60th) day.

(b) The
payments and benefits provided in Sections 6(b), 6(c) and 6(e) will, as applicable, begin (or be completed
in the case of lump sum payments) within sixty (60) days following the Termination Date, subject to Executives compliance
with the requirements of this Section 7, except as otherwise required by Section 15(j); provided that if
such 60-day period spans two calendar years, no payment conditioned upon execution of such release will be paid before the first day of
the second calendar year.

9

Section 8. Section 280G.
In the event that any payments or benefits otherwise payable to Executive (the Payments) (a) constitute parachute
payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code),
and (b) but for this Section 8, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then such
Payments will be either (i) delivered in full, or (ii) delivered as to such lesser extent that would result in no portion of
such Payments being subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account
the applicable federal, state and local income and employment taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (and any
equivalent state or local excise taxes), results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefits,
notwithstanding that all or some portion of such Payments may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. Unless the Parties otherwise
agree in writing, any determination required under this Section 8 will be made in writing by a nationally- recognized accounting
firm selected jointly by Employer and Executive (the Accountants), whose determination will be conclusive and binding
upon Executive and Employer for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 8, the Accountants
may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations
concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Parties agree to furnish to the Accountants such information and
documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this provision. Employer will bear all costs
the Accountants may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this provision. Any reduction in the Payments
required by this provision will occur in the following order, as applicable: (1) reduction of cash payments; (2) reduction of
vesting acceleration of equity awards; and (3) reduction of other benefits paid or provided to Executive. In the event that acceleration
of vesting of equity awards is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting will be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant
for equity awards. If two or more equity awards are granted on the same date, each award will be reduced on a pro-rata basis.

Section 9. Confidentiality.

(a) Executive
acknowledges that the nature of Executives employment shall require that Executive produce and have access to Confidential Information
(as defined below) regarding Employer and its subsidiaries and affiliates for whom Executive performs services by virtue of employment
with Employer (collectively with Employer, the Covered Entities). Subject to Section 9(c) and Section 9(d),
Executive shall hold in confidence and during the course of Executives employment with Employer and for a period of five (5) years
following termination of employment for any reason (unless such information qualifies as a trade secret or is information provided to
the Covered Entities by a customer, in which case the foregoing obligation shall continue for so long as such trade secret or customer
information remains protected or is required to be kept confidential under or pursuant to applicable law), Executive shall not directly
or indirectly use, copy or disclose to third parties any Confidential Information, in whole or part, unless such use, copying or disclosure
becomes reasonably necessary in connection with Executives performance of Executives duties hereunder, or the Confidential
Information lawfully becomes available to the public from other sources, or Executive is authorized in writing by Employer to use, copy
or disclose it or Executive is required to make disclosure by law or pursuant to the authority of any administrative agency or judicial
body. All Confidential Information and all other records, files, documents and other materials or copies thereof relating to the business
of Employer or the other Covered Entities that Executive prepares or uses shall always be the sole property of Employer or the other Covered
Entities. Executives access to and use of Employers or the other Covered Entities computer systems, networks and
equipment, and all information of Employer or the other Covered Entities contained therein, shall be restricted to legitimate business
purposes on behalf of Employer or the other Covered Entities; any other access to or use of such systems, network and equipment is without
authorization and is prohibited. The restrictions contained in this Section 9 shall extend to any personal computers or other
electronic devices or similar media of Executive that are used for business purposes relating to Employer or the other Covered Entities.
Executive shall not transfer any information of Employer or the other Covered Entities to any personal computer or other electronic device
or similar media that is not otherwise used for any business purpose relating to Employer or the other Covered Entities. Executive shall
promptly return all originals and copies of any Confidential Information and other records, files, documents and other materials relating
to the business of Employer and the other Covered Entities to Employer if Executives employment with Employer is terminated for
any reason. In addition, Executive shall immediately upon termination for any reason surrender all personal electronic devices or similar
media ever used to access Confidential Information or conduct business on behalf of Employer or any other Covered Entity for joint (Executive
and Employer) inspection and removal of information of Employer and the other Covered Entities, including without limitation, Confidential
Information, or upon direction from Employer, Executive will permanently delete and erase any Confidential Information stored on such
personal media and certify in writing that Executive has complied with the return of property obligations set forth in this Section 9(a).

10

(b) Confidential
Information means any type of trade secret (as defined by applicable law) or other confidential and proprietary information,
whether in hard-copy or electronic format or communicated orally, relating to the business of Employer or the other Covered Entities,
that Executive acquires through Executives employment with Employer or the other Covered Entities and that Employer or the other
Covered Entities designate or treat as confidential through its policies, procedures and/or practices. Confidential Information is limited
to information that is not generally known to competitors, that has not been voluntarily disclosed to the public by Employer or the other
Covered Entities and that is not otherwise lawfully in the public domain. Confidential Information includes (i) any files, lists
or other information relating to customers and compilations of any of the foregoing including, without limitation, identity of customers
and key contact persons of customers and assets held for customers; (ii) financial information and projections, including, without
limitation, financial and business data, cost and performance data, pricing factors, and profit and profit margin data; (iii) strategic,
marketing and research information including, without limitation, business plans, strategies and market research data; (iv) technical
information including, without limitation, software, source code, object code and other non-public intellectual property; (v) personnel
data and information applicable to management, supervisory or human resources personnel including, without limitation, performance evaluations
and salary, bonus and incentive data (excluding such information pertaining to Executive); and (vi) methods of operation. The term
Confidential Information shall not include information that (A) is in the public domain, provided it has not been placed
in the public domain through a violation of this Agreement; (B) becomes available to Executive on a non-confidential basis from a
source other than Employer or the other Covered Entities (provided that such source is not under a duty of confidentiality to Employer
or the other Covered Entities); (C) is required to be disclosed by a court of competent jurisdiction (except to the extent the information
is protected by an appropriate protective order); or (D) is independently developed by Executive on his or her own time without use
of, reliance on or reference to any Confidential Information of Employer or the other Covered Entities.

11

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure
of a trade secret that (i) is made: (A) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or
indirectly, or to an attorney; and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is
made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Accordingly, Executive
has the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets to Federal, State, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole
purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. Executive also has the right to disclose trade secrets in a document
filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. Nothing in this
Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are
expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to authorize, or limit liability
for, an act that is otherwise prohibited by law, such as the unlawful access of material by unauthorized means.

(d) Nothing
contained herein (or in the Release) is intended to, and this Section 9 shall not, (i) limit Executives rights
under applicable law to initiate communications directly with, provide information to, respond to any inquiries from, or report possible
violations of law or regulation to any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority, or to file a charge with or participate in an
investigation conducted by any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority or (ii) preclude Executive from disclosing or discussing
information lawfully acquired about wages, hours or other terms and conditions of employment if used for purposes protected by Section 7
of the National Labor Relations Act such as joining or forming a union, engaging in collective bargaining or engaging in other concerted
activity for the mutual aid or protection of employees, and Executive does not need Employers permission to do so. In addition,
it is understood that nothing herein (or in the Release) shall require Executive to notify Employer of a request for information from
any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority or of Executives decision to file a charge with or participate in an investigation
conducted by any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive recognizes that, in connection
with the provision of information to any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority, Executive must inform such governmental entity
or self-regulatory authority that the information Executive is providing is confidential. Despite the foregoing, Executive is not permitted
to reveal to any third party, including any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority, information Executive came to learn during
Executives service to Employer that is protected from disclosure by any applicable privilege, including but not limited to the
attorney-client privilege or attorney work product doctrine. Employer does not waive any applicable privileges or the right to continue
to protect its privileged attorney-client information, attorney work product, and other privileged information.

12

Section 10. Non-Competition
and Non-Solicitation Covenants. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the resources, training, goodwill, and reputation of Employer
and the other Covered Entities are the primary and material factors in Executives ability to develop and service the customers
of Employer or the other Covered Entities, and that all customers serviced by Executive on behalf of Employer or the other Covered Entities
are customers of Employer or the other Covered Entities. Therefore, as an essential ingredient of and in consideration of this Agreement
and Executives employment or continued employment by Employer, together with the professional and financial benefits and other
consideration described herein, Executive hereby agrees that during Executives employment with Employer and for a period of one
(1) year after termination of Executives employment with Employer for any reason and whether such termination of employment
is during the Term or after the termination or expiration of the Term (the Restrictive Period), Executive
shall not directly or indirectly do any of the following (the Restrictive Covenant):

(a) (i) invest
in, own, manage, operate, control, finance, participate in the ownership, management or control of, or lend Executives name or
lend Executives credit to, any Financial Institution (as defined below) with an office located, or to be located at, an address
identified in a filing with any governmental or regulatory authority, within the Restricted Area (as defined below); or (ii) become
employed by, associate with or in any manner be connected with, serve as an employee, officer or director of or consultant to, or render
services or advice to, anywhere within the Restricted Area, to the extent involving executive or management responsibilities or duties,
any person, firm, partnership, corporation, trust or other entity that owns or operates, a bank, savings and loan association, credit
union, finance company, payment processing company, wealth management or investment advisory firm, or similar financial institution or
other entity that offers competitive products and services as Employer or any other Covered Entity (a Financial Institution);

(b) directly
or indirectly, for Executive or any Financial Institution: (i) hire or induce or attempt to induce any officer, employee or agent
of Employer or any other Covered Entity to leave the employ of Employer or any other Covered Entity; (ii) in any way interfere with
the relationship between Employer or any other Covered Entity and any such officer, employee or agent; (iii) employ, or otherwise
engage as an employee, independent contractor or otherwise, any such officer, employee or agent; or (iv) induce or attempt to induce
any supplier, licensee or other business relation of Employer or any other Covered Entity to cease doing business with Employer or any
other Covered Entity or in any way interfere with the relationship between Employer or any other Covered Entity and any of their respective
suppliers, licensees or other business relations, where Executive had business contact with, with respect to whom Executive had direct
responsibility or involvement, for whom Executive performed work, or about whom Executive acquired Confidential Information as an employee
of Employer, during the final twenty-four (24) months of Executives employment with Employer with respect to, such suppliers, licensees
or other business relations; or

(c) directly
or indirectly, for Executive or any Financial Institution, solicit or accept the business of, or provide competitive products, activities
or services to, any person or entity (i) that Employer or any other Covered Entity provided services or products to during the final
twenty-four (24) months of Executives employment with Employer and (ii) with whom Executive had business contact, with respect
to whom Executive had direct responsibility or involvement, for whom Executive performed work or about whom Executive acquired Confidential
Information as an employee of Employer, during the final twenty-four (24) months of Executives employment with Employer.

13

The foregoing Restrictive
Covenant shall not prohibit Executive from owning directly or indirectly capital stock or similar securities that are listed on a securities
exchange or quoted on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System that do not represent more than one percent
(1%) of the outstanding capital stock of any Financial Institution. In the event a successor to First Busey succeeds to or assumes First
Buseys rights and obligations under this Agreement in connection with a Change in Control, Section 10(a) shall
apply only to the primary service areas of Employer and the other Covered Entities as they existed immediately before the Change in Control.
For purposes of Section 10(a), the Restricted Area means an area that encompasses a fifty (50) mile radius
from each banking and other office location of Employer and the other Covered Entities for which Executive conducted or supervised business
activities on behalf of Employer and/or the other Covered Entities during the final twenty-four (24) months of Executives employment
with Employer. Executive may not circumvent the Restricted Area through remote, electronic or other means. For purposes of Section 10(b),
officer, employee or agent means any person who is or was an officer, employee or independent contractor of Employer
or any other Covered Entity during Executives employment and with respect to whom Executive had work-related contact or supervisory
responsibility in the course of conducting business for Employer and the other Covered Entities or about whom Executive acquired Confidential
Information related to such persons compensation, other employment terms, performance or advancement potential, other than a former
officer, employee or independent contractor who has not been employed or engaged by Employer or any other Covered Entity during the final
twelve (12) months of Executives employment with Employer without any inducement, encouragement or involvement of Executive, or
any employee or independent contractor providing purely clerical or janitorial services.

Section 11. Remedies
for Breach. Executive has reviewed the provisions of this Agreement with legal counsel, or has been given adequate opportunity
to seek such counsel, and Executive acknowledges and expressly agrees that the Restrictive Covenant and other restrictions and obligations
contained herein are reasonable with respect to their duration, geographical area and scope. Executive further acknowledges that the Restrictive
Covenant and such other restrictions and obligations are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the legitimate business interests
of Employer and the other Covered Entities, that they create no undue hardships, that any violation of these provisions would cause substantial
injury to Employer and the other Covered Entities and their respective interests, that Employer would not have agreed to enter into this
Agreement without receiving Executives agreement to be bound by these provisions and that such provisions were a material inducement
to Employer to enter into this Agreement. Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that during the Restrictive Period, Employer shall
have the right to communicate the existence and terms of this Agreement to any third party with whom Executive may seek or obtain future
employment or other similar arrangement. In the event Employer determines that Executive has violated any of the restrictions contained
in Sections 9, 10, or 12, Executives eligibility for and receipt of any severance payments or benefits under
Sections 6(b), 6(c) or 6(e) shall immediately terminate. In addition, in the event of any violation or
threatened violation of the Restrictive Covenant or the other restrictions and obligations contained in this Agreement, Employer, in addition
to and not in limitation of, any other rights, remedies or damages available to Employer under this Agreement or otherwise at law or in
equity, shall be entitled to temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief to prevent or restrain any such violation by Executive
and any and all persons directly or indirectly acting for or with Executive, as the case may be. If Executive violates the Restrictive
Covenant and Employer brings legal action for injunctive or other relief, Employer shall not, as a result of the time involved in obtaining
such relief, be deprived of the benefit of the full period of the Restrictive Covenant. Accordingly, the Restrictive Covenant shall be
deemed to have the duration specified herein computed from the date the relief is granted but reduced by the time between the period when
the Restrictive Period began to run and the date of the first violation of the Restrictive Covenant by Executive.

14

Section 12. Intellectual
Property.

(a) At
all times from and after the date of this Agreement, Executive agrees to not, directly or indirectly, use, register, or assist others
to use or register, any designation (including, without limitation, any service mark, trademark, trade name or other indicia of source)
that is the same as or confusingly similar to the legal or operating names of any Covered Entity in connection with any banking, wealth
management, lending, trust, mortgage, payment processing, or other financial services or products. Executive further acknowledges and
agrees that Executives obligations under this Section 12(a) are necessary to protect consumers from confusion
as to source, affiliation, association or sponsorship, and that such obligations are reasonable and will not preclude or materially impede
Executive from gainful employment.

(b) Executive
acknowledges and expressly agrees that Employer and the other Covered Entities shall be the sole owner of all intellectual property and
the fruits and proceeds thereof that result from his or her provision of services to Employer and the other Covered Entities, including,
without limitation, all inventions, creations, improvements, discoveries, trade secrets, secret processes, technology, know-how, methods,
developments, software, works of authorship or other creative works, and/or any improvements thereof, whether patentable or not, whether
reduced to practice or not and whether or not conceived or developed during Executives working hours, and which: (i) were
developed using any trade secret information of Employer or the other Covered Entities; (ii) relate at the time of conception or
reduction to practice to actual or contemplated business or activities of Employer, the other Covered Entities or their respective predecessors;
or (iii) result from or are derived from any work performed by Executive (or anyone over which Executive has supervisory authority)
for Employer or the other Covered Entities of any kind or character whatsoever, other than Executives right to compensation hereunder
(which right to compensation shall not limit or restrict Employers rights hereunder). Executive shall, at the request of Employer,
execute such assignments, certificates or other instruments as Employer or the other Covered Entities may reasonably deem necessary or
desirable to evidence, establish, maintain, perfect, protect, enforce or defend its right, title and interest in or to any such properties.

15

Section 13. Indemnity;
Other Protections.

(a) Indemnification.
Employer shall indemnify Executive (and, upon Executives death, Executives heirs, executors and administrators) to the
fullest extent permitted by law against all expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, court and investigative costs, judgments,
fines and amounts paid in settlement (collectively, Expenses) reasonably incurred by Executive in connection with
or arising out of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit or proceeding in which Executive becomes involved by reason of Executives
having been an officer or director of Employer. The indemnification rights provided for herein are not exclusive and shall supplement
any rights to indemnification that Executive may have under any applicable bylaw or charter provision of Employer, or any resolution of
Employer or any applicable statute.

(b) Advancement
of Expenses. In the event that Executive becomes a party, or is threatened to be made a party, to any pending, threatened or completed
action, suit or proceeding for which Employer is permitted or required to indemnify Executive under this Agreement, any applicable bylaw
or charter provision of Employer, any resolution of Employer, or any applicable statute, Employer shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, advance all Expenses incurred by Executive in connection with the investigation, defense, settlement, or appeal of any threatened,
pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, subject to receipt by Employer of a written undertaking from Executive to reimburse Employer
for all Expenses actually paid by Employer to or on behalf of Executive in the event it shall be ultimately determined that Employer cannot
lawfully indemnify Executive for such Expenses, and to assign to Employer all rights of Executive to indemnification under any policy
of directors and officers liability insurance to the extent of the amount of Expenses actually paid by Employer to or on
behalf of Executive.

(c) Litigation.
Unless precluded by an actual or potential conflict of interest, Employer shall have the right to recommend counsel to Executive to represent
Executive in connection with any claim covered by this Section 13. Further, Executives choice of counsel, Executives
decision to contest or settle any such claim and the terms and amount of the settlement of any such claim shall be subject to Employers
prior written approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld by Employer.

Section 14. Regulatory
Conditions. If Employer is not permitted to make any payments that may become due to Executive under Sections 6(b), 6(c) or
6(e) because First Busey or the Bank is not in compliance with any regulatory-mandated minimum capital requirements or if
making the payments would cause First Buseys or the Banks capital to fall below such minimum capital requirements, then
Employer shall delay making such payments until the earliest possible date it could resume making the payments without violating such
minimum capital requirements. Further, if Employer is not permitted to make any payments that may become due to Executive under Sections
6(b), 6(c) or 6(e) because of the operation of any other applicable law or regulation, then Employer shall
delay making such payments until the earliest possible date it could resume making the payments without violating such applicable law
or regulation.

Section 15. General
Provisions.

(a) Amendment.
Except as set forth explicitly herein, this Agreement may not be amended or modified except by written agreement signed by Executive and
Employer.

16

(b) Successors;
Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Executive, Employer and their respective personal
representatives, successors and assigns. Except as set forth in Section 10(a), for the purposes of this Agreement, any successor
or assign of Employer shall be deemed to be Employer. Employer shall require any successor or assign of Employer
or any direct or indirect purchaser or acquirer of all or substantially all of the business, assets or liabilities of Employer, whether
by transfer, purchase, merger, consolidation, stock acquisition or otherwise, to assume and agree in writing to perform this Agreement
and Employers obligations hereunder in the same manner and to the same extent as Employer would have been required to perform them
if no such transaction had occurred.

(c) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof, and supersedes
all prior negotiations, undertakings, agreements and arrangements with respect thereto, whether written or oral, whether with First Busey
or the Bank. The provisions of this Agreement shall be regarded as divisible and separate; if any provision is declared invalid or unenforceable,
the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected. In the event any provision of this Agreement or part
thereof (including any provision of the Restrictive Covenant) is held to be overbroad as written under circumstances then existing by
a court of competent jurisdiction, the Parties authorize such court to modify and reform such provision so that it may be enforced to
the maximum extent permitted by law.

(d) Survival.
The provisions of Section 9 (Confidentiality), Section 10 (Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Covenants),
Section 11 (Remedies for Breach), Section 12 (Intellectual Property), Section 13 (Indemnity; Other
Protections), Section 14 (Regulatory Conditions) and Section 15 (General Provisions) shall survive the expiration
or termination of this Agreement for any reason.

(e) Governing
Law and Enforcement. This Agreement shall be construed and the legal relations of the Parties shall be determined in accordance
with the laws of the State of Florida without reference to the law regarding conflicts of law.

(f) Jurisdiction.
Any action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any right arising out of, this Agreement, shall be brought
against either of the Parties exclusively in the courts of the State of Florida, County of Lee, or, if it has or can acquire jurisdiction,
in the United States District court for the Middle District of Florida, and each of the Parties consents to the exclusive jurisdiction
of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts) in any such action or proceeding and waives any objection to venue laid therein.
Process in any action or proceeding referred to in the preceding sentence may be served on either Party anywhere in the world. EXECUTIVE
AND EMPLOYER HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE, AND EXECUTIVE REPRESENTS THAT EXECUTIVES WAIVER
IS KNOWING, VOLUNTARY AND INTENTIONAL.

(g) Prevailing
Party Legal Fees. Should either Party initiate any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement or any provision hereof, or
for damages by reason of any alleged breach of this Agreement or of any provision hereof, or for a declaration of rights hereunder (a
Covered Dispute), the prevailing Party in any such Covered Dispute shall be entitled to receive from the other Party
all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred by the prevailing Party in connection with such Covered Dispute.

17

(h) Waiver.
No waiver by either Party at any time of any breach by the other Party of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement
to be performed by the other Party shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same time or
any prior or subsequent time.

(i) Notices.
Notices pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when received; and, if mailed, shall be mailed by United
States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; and if to Employer, addressed to the principal headquarters
of First Busey, attention: General Counsel; and if to Executive, to the address for Executive as most currently reflected in the corporate
records or to such other address as Executive has most recently provided to Employer.

(j) Section 409A.

(i) This
Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A, and the Parties agree that it shall be administered accordingly,
and interpreted and construed on a basis consistent with such intent. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no termination
or other similar payments and benefits hereunder shall be payable on account of Executives termination of employment unless Executives
termination of employment constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. To the extent any
reimbursements or in-kind benefit payments under this Agreement are subject to Section 409A, such reimbursements and in-kind benefit
payments shall be made in accordance with Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv). This Agreement may be amended to the extent necessary
(including retroactively) by Employer to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent of this Agreement while avoiding
the application of taxes or interest under Section 409A. The preceding shall not be construed as a guarantee of any particular tax
effect for Executive's compensation and benefits and Employer does not guarantee that any compensation or benefits provided under this
Agreement will satisfy the provisions of Section 409A.

(ii) If
at the time of any payment hereunder Executive is considered to be a Specified Employee and such payment is required to be treated as
deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, then, to the extent required by Section 409A, such payments shall be delayed
as provided in paragraph (iii) below. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment made under this Agreement, or pursuant to another
plan or arrangement, will be treated as a separate payment. The term Specified Employee means any person who holds
a position with Employer of senior vice president or higher and has compensation greater than that stated in Section 416(i)(1)(A)(i) of
the Code. The determination of whether Executive is a Specified Employee shall be based upon the twelve (12)-month period ending on each
December 31st (such twelve (12)-month period is referred to below as the identification period). If Executive
is determined to be a Specified Employee during the identification period, he or she shall be treated as a Specified Employee for purposes
of this Agreement during the twelve (12)-month period that begins on the April 1st following the close of such identification
period. For purposes of determining whether Executive is a Specified Employee under Section 416(i) of the Code, compensation
shall mean Executives W-2 compensation as reported by Employer for a particular calendar year.

18

(iii) All
payments under this Agreement required to be delayed pursuant to this Section 15(j) shall be accumulated and paid in
a lump-sum, catch-up payment as of the first (1st) day of the seventh (7th) month following the Termination Date
(or, if earlier, the date of death of Executive), with all such delayed payments being credited with interest (compounded monthly) for
such period of delay equal to the prime rate in effect on the first (1st) day of such six (6)-month period. Any portion of
the benefits hereunder that were not otherwise due to be paid during the six (6)-month period following the Termination Date shall be
paid to Executive in accordance with the payment schedule established herein.

(k) Clawback.
Any amount or benefit received under this Agreement shall be subject to potential cancellation, recoupment, rescission, payback, or other
action in accordance with the terms of any applicable Employer clawback policy (the Policy) or any applicable law,
as may be in effect from time to time. Executive acknowledges and consents to Employers application, implementation, and enforcement
of (i) the Policy or any similar policy established by Employer that may apply to Executive and (ii) any provision of applicable
law relating to cancellation, rescission, payback, or recoupment of compensation, as well as Executives express agreement that
Employer may take such actions as may be necessary to effectuate the Policy, any similar policy, or applicable law, without further consideration
or action.

(l) Acknowledgements.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that: (i) Executive has been and hereby is advised in writing to consult with an attorney prior
to executing this Agreement and (ii) Executive was given at least fourteen (14) days to consider whether to execute this Agreement,
although Executive may execute it sooner if desired.

19

(m) Construction.
This Agreement shall be deemed drafted equally by the Parties. Any presumption or principle that the language of this Agreement is
to be construed against any Party shall not apply. Whenever used in this Agreement, the singular includes the plural and vice versa (where
applicable); the words hereof, herein, hereto, hereby, hereunder,
and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole (including exhibits); all references to sections, schedules and exhibits
are to sections, schedules and exhibits in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified; the words include, includes
and including means include, without limitation, includes, without limitation and including,
without limitation, respectively; any reference to a document or set of documents, and the rights and obligations of the parties
under any such documents, means such document or documents as amended from time to time, and any and all modifications, extensions, renewals,
substitutions or replacements thereof; and references to a statute shall refer to the statute and any amendments and any successor statutes,
and to all regulations promulgated under or implementing the statute, as amended, or its successors, as in effect at the relevant time.
The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only, shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof, and shall not be deemed
to limit, characterize or in any way affect the construction or enforcement of the provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement may be
executed electronically in any number of identical counterparts, any of which may contain the signatures of less than all Parties, and
all of which together shall constitute a single agreement. All remedies of any Party are cumulative and not alternative, and are in addition
to any other remedies available at law, in equity or otherwise.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

20

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Parties have executed this Agreement on February 21, 2025, effective as of the Effective Time.

FIRST BUSEY CORPORATION EXECUTIVE

By: /s/ Van A. Dukeman /s/ Scott A. Phillips

Van A. Dukeman Scott A. Phillips

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

BUSEY BANK 

By: /s/ Van A. Dukeman 

Van A. Dukeman 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Signature Page to Phillips Employment Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex23-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 23.1

PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated
February 24, 2025 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. as of
December 31, 2024 and 2023, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2024, into the following Registration
Statements of First Busey Corporation: Registration Statement (No. 333-274620) on Form S-3, (Nos. 333-272268, 333-256365,
333-238782) on Form S-8, and (No 333-282727) on Form S-4, as amended, and the related proxy statement/prospectus.
We also consent to the reference to our firm under the caption Experts in any such registration statement.

Kansas City, Missouri March 3, 2025

Forvis Mazars, LLP is an independent member of Forvis Mazars Global
Limited
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

March 3, 2025

First Busey Corporation Completes Acquisition
of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. and CrossFirst Bank

CHAMPAIGN, IL and LEAWOOD, KSFirst Busey Corporation
(Busey) (NASDAQ: BUSE), the holding company for Busey Bank, announced today the completion of its acquisition by merger
of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. (CrossFirst) (NASDAQ: CFB), the holding company for CrossFirst Bank, effective March 1,
2025. The transaction was previously jointly announced on August 27, 2024.

Busey will operate CrossFirst Bank as a separate banking subsidiary
of Busey until it is merged with Busey Bank, which is expected to occur in June 2025. At the time of the bank merger, CrossFirst
Banks banking centers will become branches of Busey Bank and operate under the Busey brand, creating a premier full-service commercial
bank serving clients from 77 locations across 10 states with combined total assets of approximately $20 billion, $17 billion in total
deposits, $15 billion in total loans and $14 billion in wealth assets under care. The holding company will be headquartered in Leawood,
Kansas in the Kansas City metro area, which is central to the combined footprint. Busey Banks headquarters will remain in Champaign, Illinois.

The combination extends Buseys regional operating model into
high-growth metro marketsbolstering its commercial banking relationships and offering additional opportunities to grow its wealth
management business and payment technology solutions subsidiary, FirsTech, Inc.

This is a transformational partnership that advances our organization
and will ultimately benefit each of our Pillarsassociates, customers, communities and shareholders, said Van Dukeman, Chairman
and CEO of Busey and Chairman of Busey Bank. Over the past few years, we have been keenly focused on maintaining Buseys
fortress balance sheetfeaturing exceptional credit quality, strong liquidity, excess capital and diversified revenue streams buttressed
by our wealth management and payments processing businessesto be well positioned to capitalize on a financially and strategically
compelling opportunity of size and scale. This is that opportunity and we look forward to fully integrating our banks while leveraging
the talent, expertise, increased scale and market presence to benefit our Pillars.

Taking our organization to new heights, this partnership combines
our growing commercial bank with the power of Buseys core deposit franchise, exceptional wealth management platform and the impressive
payment tech solutions at FirsTech, Inc., said Mike Maddox, former CrossFirst CEO, President and Director who now serves
as Vice Chairman and President of Busey and President and CEO of Busey Bank. We firmly believe our strong metro market footprint,
commercial focus and growth potential will help elevate the combined company to be a leading regional banking institution throughout
the Midwest and Southwestern regions of the U.S. We look forward to building upon the strong legacy of outstanding service and community
engagement that both organizations have developed to create even more opportunities for our teams and clients.

Board of Directors

Effective immediately, Busey and Busey Bank will be governed by a
Board of Directors comprised of 13 directors, eight from Busey or Busey Bank and five from CrossFirst:

Van
Dukeman, Chairman and CEO

Mike
Maddox, Vice Chairman and President

Rod
Brenneman, Lead Independent Director

Stan
Bradshaw

Steve
Caple

Michael
Cassens

Jennifer
Grigsby

Karen
Jensen

Fred
Kenney

Steve
King

Kevin
Rauckman

Scott
Wehrli

Tiffany
White

Transaction Details

Under the terms of the merger agreement, at the effective time of
the merger on March 1, 2025, each share of CrossFirsts common stock was converted into the right to receive 0.6675 of a share
of Busey common stock, with CrossFirst shareholders receiving cash in lieu of fractional shares. Former CrossFirst common shareholders
are eligible to receive Buseys ongoing dividends as declared. With the transaction now complete, former CrossFirst shareholders
own approximately 36.5% of the combined company, on a fully-diluted basis.

Shares of CrossFirst common stock ceased trading after the closing
of the NASDAQ stock market on February 28, 2025. The combined companys common shares will continue trading on the NASDAQ
under the BUSE ticker symbol.

About First Busey Corporation

As of December 31, 2024, First Busey Corporation
(Nasdaq: BUSE) was a $12.05 billion financial holding company headquartered in Champaign, Illinois.

Busey Bank, a wholly-owned bank subsidiary of First Busey
Corporation, had total assets of $12.01 billion as of December 31, 2024, and is headquartered in Champaign, Illinois. Busey
Bank currently has 62 banking centers, with 21 in Central Illinois markets, 17 in suburban Chicago markets, 20 in the St. Louis Metropolitan
Statistical Area, three in Southwest Florida, and one in Indianapolis. More information about Busey Bank can be found at busey.com. CrossFirst
Bankalso a wholly-owned bank subsidiary of First Busey Corporation as of March 1, 2025had total assets of $7.7 billion
as of December 31, 2024, and is a full-service financial institution with locations in Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Texas, Arizona,
Colorado and New Mexico.

Through its Wealth Management division, Busey Bank provides
a full range of asset management, investment, brokerage, fiduciary, philanthropic advisory, tax preparation, and farm management services
to individuals, businesses, and foundations. Assets under care totaled $13.83 billion as of December 31, 2024. More information
about Busey Banks Wealth Management services can be found at busey.com/wealthmanagement.

Busey Banks wholly-owned subsidiary, FirsTech, Inc.,
specializes in the evolving financial technology needs of small and medium-sized businesses, highly regulated enterprise industries,
and financial institutions. FirsTech provides comprehensive and innovative payment technology solutions, including online, mobile, and
voice-recognition bill payments; money and data movement; merchant services; direct debit services; lockbox remittance processing for
payments made by mail; and walk-in payments at retail agents. Additionally, FirsTech simplifies client workflows through integrations
enabling support with billing, reconciliation, bill reminders, and treasury services. More information about FirsTech can be found at
firstechpayments.com.

2 

For the first time, Busey Bank was named among the Worlds
Best Banks for 2024 by Forbes, earning a spot on the list among 68 U.S. banks and 403 banks worldwide. Additionally, Busey Bank
was honored to be named among Americas Best Banks by Forbes magazine for the third consecutive year. Ranked 40th
overall in 2024, Busey Bank was the second-ranked bank headquartered in Illinois of the six banks that made this years list and
the highest-ranked bank of those with more than $10 billion in assets. Busey Bank is humbled to be named among the 2024 Best Banks to
Work For by American Banker, the 2024 Best Places to Work in Money Management by Pensions and Investments, the 2024 Best
Places to Work in Illinois by Daily Herald Business Ledger, the 2024 Best Places to Work in Indiana by the Indiana Chamber of
Commerce, and the 2024 Best Companies to Work For in Florida by Florida Trend magazine. We are honored to be consistently recognized
globally, nationally and locally for our engaged culture of integrity and commitment to community development.

For more information about us, visit
busey.com.

First Busey Corporation Contacts

For Financials: For Media:

Scott Phillips, Interim CFO Amy L. Randolph, EVP & COO

First Busey Corporation First Busey Corporation

(239) 689-7167 (217) 365-4049

scott.phillips@busey.com amy.randolph@busey.com

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended. These forward-looking statements are covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, which are based on certain assumptions and estimates and describe
Buseys future plans, strategies, and expectations, can generally be identified by the use of the words may, will,
should, could, would, goal, plan, potential, estimate,
project, believe, intend, anticipate, expect, target,
aim and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements include statements relating to Buseys projected growth,
anticipated future financial performance, financial condition, credit quality, and managements long-term performance goals, as
well as statements relating to the anticipated effects on results of operations and financial condition from expected developments or
events, business and growth strategies, and any other statements that are not historical facts.

These forward-looking statements are subject to significant
risks, assumptions, and uncertainties, and could be affected by many factors. Factors that could have a material adverse effect on Buseys
financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects can be found under the Special Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements and Item 1A. Risk Factors sections of Busey's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2024, and other reports Busey files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").

Because of those risks and other uncertainties, Buseys
actual future results, performance, achievement, or industry results, may be materially different from the results indicated by these
forward-looking statements. In addition, Buseys past results of operations are not necessarily indicative of its future results.

You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they were made. Busey does not undertake an obligation to update these forward-looking
statements, even though circumstances may change in the future, except as required under federal securities law. Busey qualifies all
of its forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements.

###

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.

Independent Auditors
Report and

Consolidated
Financial Statements

December 31,
2024, 2023 and 2022

CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.

Table of Contents

Page Number

Report of Forvis Mazars, LLP Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 3

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 6

Consolidated Statements of Operations 7

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 8

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 9

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 10

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 11

Independent
Auditors Report

Board
of Directors and Audit Committee 

CrossFirst
Bankshares, Inc. 

Leawood,
Kansas

Opinions on the Consolidated
Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have
audited the consolidated financial statements of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc., which comprise the consolidated statements of financial
condition as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss),
stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2024, and the related
notes to the consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2024, in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We
also have audited CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024,
based on criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on COSO.

Basis for Opinions

We
conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditors Responsibilities for the Audits of the Consolidated Financial
Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting section of our report. We are required to be independent of CrossFirst
Bankshares, Inc. and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to
our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinions.

Responsibilities
of Management for the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management
is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of effective internal control
over financial reporting relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error. Management also is responsible for its assessment about the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, included in the accompanying Managements Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.

Forvis
Mazars, LLP is an independent member of Forvis Mazars Global Limited

3

In
preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered
in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.s ability to continue as a going concern
within one year after the date that these consolidated financial statements are available to be issued.

Auditors
Responsibilities for the Audits of the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our
objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects,
and to issue an auditors report that includes our opinions.

Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit of financial statements
or an audit of internal control over financial reporting conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement
or a material weakness when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
control. Misstatements are considered to be material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they
would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the consolidated financial statements.

In
performing an audit of financial statements and an audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with GAAS, we:

Exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audits.

Identify
and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks.
Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements.

Obtain
an understanding of internal control relevant to the financial statement audit in order to
design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances.

Obtain
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting relevant to the audit of internal
control over financial reporting, assess the risks that a material weakness exists, and test
and evaluate the design and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
based on the assessed risk.

Evaluate
the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting
estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements.

Conclude
whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that
raise substantial doubt about CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.s ability to continue
as a going concern for a reasonable period of time.

We
are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit,
significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified during the financial statement audit.

4

Definition and Inherent
Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

An
entitys internal control over financial reporting is a process effected by those charged with governance, management, and other
personnel, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation of reliable financial statements in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because managements assessment and our audit were conducted to
meet the reporting requirements of Section 112 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act (FDICIA), our audit
of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.s internal control over financial reporting included controls over the preparation of financial
statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and with the instructions to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for Bank Holding Companies (Form FR Y-9-C). An entitys internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the entity; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the entity are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and those charged with governance; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection and
correction of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the entitys assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent, or detect and correct, misstatements. Also, projections
of any assessment of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Kansas City, Missouri

February 24, 2025

5

CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.

Consolidated
Statements of Financial Condition

2024 2023 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 409,209 $ 255,229 

Available-for-sale securities - taxable 450,508 413,217 

Available-for-sale securities - tax-exempt 319,340 353,436 

Loans, net of unearned fees 6,258,263 6,127,690 

Allowance for credit losses on loans 78,962 73,462 

Loans, net of the allowance for credit losses on loans 6,179,301 6,054,228 

Premises and equipment, net 68,548 70,869 

Restricted equity securities 3,682 3,950 

Interest receivable 35,831 37,294 

Foreclosed assets held for sale 5,976 

Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 27,766 31,335 

Bank-owned life insurance 72,813 70,810 

Other 96,726 90,312 

Total assets $ 7,669,700 $ 7,380,680 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Deposits 

Non-interest-bearing $ 976,762 $ 990,458 

Savings, NOW and money market 3,806,359 3,669,726 

Time 1,931,836 1,831,092 

Total deposits 6,714,957 6,491,276 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 76,184 77,889 

Other borrowings 8,261 8,950 

Interest payable and other liabilities 96,461 94,422 

Total liabilities 6,895,863 6,672,537 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, $0.01 par value: Authorized - 5,000,000 shares; issued - 7,750 shares at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Common stock, $0.01 par value: Authorized - 200,000,000 shares; issued - 53,660,989 and 53,326,641 shares at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 537 533 

Treasury stock, at cost: 4,340,033 and 3,990,753 shares held at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively (62,695 ) (58,251 )

Additional paid-in capital 548,364 543,556 

Retained earnings 350,277 272,351 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss (62,646 ) (50,046 )

Total stockholders equity 773,837 708,143 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity $ 7,669,700 $ 7,380,680 

See Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements

6

CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.

Consolidated
Statements of Operations

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 2022 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Interest Income 

Loans, including fees $ 455,110 $ 400,910 $ 224,138 

Available-for-sale securities - taxable 19,843 11,518 4,577 

Available-for-sale securities - tax-exempt 9,878 13,846 15,338 

Deposits with financial institutions 8,932 8,017 3,751 

Dividends on bank stocks 427 860 709 

Total interest income 494,190 435,151 248,513 

Interest Expense 

Deposits 252,247 201,812 49,982 

Fed funds purchased and repurchase agreements 54 96 

Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 3,058 7,754 4,759 

Other borrowings 252 690 142 

Total interest expense 255,557 210,310 54,979 

Net Interest Income 238,633 224,841 193,534 

Provision for Credit Losses 11,112 14,489 11,501 

Net Interest Income after Provision for Credit Losses 227,521 210,352 182,033 

Non-Interest Income 

Service charges and fees on client accounts 9,101 8,186 6,228 

ATM and credit card interchange income 6,029 5,469 6,523 

Gain on sale of loans 1,468 2,684 47 

Income from bank-owned life insurance 2,003 1,709 1,602 

Swap fees and credit valuation adjustments, net 723 365 188 

Other non-interest income 3,819 2,251 2,693 

Total non-interest income 23,143 20,664 17,281 

Non-Interest Expense 

Salaries and employee benefits 93,114 89,178 75,288 

Occupancy 12,825 12,355 10,663 

Professional fees 5,989 7,081 5,275 

Deposit insurance premiums 7,231 7,261 3,354 

Data processing 4,164 4,255 4,750 

Advertising 2,641 2,886 3,201 

Software and communication 7,274 7,023 5,093 

Foreclosed assets, net 442 128 (17 )

Core deposit intangible amortization 3,569 3,503 350 

Other non-interest expense 13,774 13,237 13,785 

Total non-interest expense 151,023 146,907 121,742 

Net Income Before Taxes 99,641 84,109 77,572 

Income tax expense 21,095 17,440 15,973 

Net Income $ 78,546 $ 66,669 $ 61,599 

Basic Earnings Per Common Share $ 1.58 $ 1.35 $ 1.24 

Diluted Earnings Per Common Share $ 1.56 $ 1.34 $ 1.23 

See Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements

7

CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.

Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Net Income $ 78,546 $ 66,669 $ 61,599 

Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale securities (16,107 ) 18,879 (111,661 )

Less: income tax (benefit) expense (3,158 ) 4,722 (26,870 )

Unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale securities, net of income tax (12,949 ) 14,157 (84,791 )

Reclassification adjustment for realized gain (loss) included in income 60 (1,127 ) 96 

Less: income tax expense (benefit) 14 (266 ) 24 

Less: reclassification adjustment for realized gain (loss) included in income, net of income tax 46 (861 ) 72 

Unrealized loss on cash flow hedges (3,305 ) (380 ) (1,551 )

Less: income tax benefit (750 ) (83 ) (368 )

Unrealized loss on cash flow hedges, net of income tax (2,555 ) (297 ) (1,183 )

Reclassification adjustment for (loss) gain on cash flow hedges (3,836 ) 275 

Less: income tax (benefit) expense (886 ) 65 

Less: reclassification adjustment for (loss) gain on cash flow hedges, net of income tax (2,950 ) 210 

Other comprehensive (loss) income (12,600 ) 14,511 (86,046 )

Comprehensive Income (Loss) $ 65,946 $ 81,180 $ (24,447 )

See Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements

8

CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.

Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity

Accumulated 

Additional Other 

Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Paid in Retained Comprehensive 

Shares Amount Shares Amount Stock Capital Earnings Income (Loss) Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2021 50,450,045 526 (28,347 ) 526,806 147,099 21,489 $ 667,573 

Adoption of ASU 2016-13 (2,610 ) (2,610 )

Net income 61,599 61,599 

Other comprehensive loss - available-for-sale securities (84,863 ) (84,863 )

Other comprehensive loss - cash flow hedges (1,183 ) (1,183 )

Issuance of shares from equity-based awards 446,598 4 (565 ) (561 )

Open market common share repurchases (2,448,428 ) (35,780 ) (35,780 )

Employee receivables from sale of stock 7 7 

Stock-based compensation 4,417 4,417 

December 31, 2022 48,448,215 530 (64,127 ) 530,658 206,095 (64,557 ) 608,599 

Net income 66,669 66,669 

Other comprehensive gain - available-for-sale securities 15,018 15,018 

Other comprehensive loss - cash flow hedges (507 ) (507 )

Issuance of preferred shares 7,750 7,750 7,750 

Preferred dividends $53.33 per share (413 ) (413 )

Issuance of shares from equity-based awards 290,028 3 (740 ) (737 )

Warrants exercised, cash settled (418 ) (418 )

Acquisition - purchase accounting 597,645 5,876 1,025 6,901 

Stock-based compensation 5,281 5,281 

December 31, 2023 7,750 49,335,888 533 (58,251 ) 543,556 272,351 (50,046 ) 708,143 

Net income 78,546 78,546 

Other comprehensive loss - available-for-sale securities (12,995 ) (12,995 )

Other comprehensive gain - cash flow hedges 395 395 

Preferred dividends $80.00 per share (620 ) (620 )

Issuance of shares from equity-based awards 334,348 4 (825 ) (821 )

Open market common share repurchases (349,280 ) (4,444 ) (4,444 )

Stock-based compensation 5,633 5,633 

December 31, 2024 7,750 $ 49,320,956 $ 537 $ (62,695 ) $ 548,364 $ 350,277 $ (62,646 ) $ 773,837 

See Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements

9

CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Operating Activities 

Net income $ 78,546 $ 66,669 $ 61,599 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 8,758 9,461 5,305 

Provision for credit losses 11,112 14,489 11,501 

Accretion of discounts on loans (2,463 ) (2,548 ) (252 )

Accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on securities 545 2,759 4,288 

Stock-based compensation 5,633 5,281 4,417 

Foreclosed asset impairment 144 

Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets 50 (67 ) (77 )

Loss (gain) on sale of foreclosed assets and related impairments 80 (62 )

Gain on sale of loans (1,468 ) (2,684 ) (47 )

Origination of loans held for sale (2,111 ) (47,643 ) 

Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale 2,427 50,997 

Deferred income taxes (1,270 ) (2,086 ) (1,970 )

Net increase in bank owned life insurance (2,003 ) (1,709 ) (1,602 )

Net realized (gains) losses on equity securities (18 ) (132 ) 181 

Net realized (gains) losses on available-for-sale securities (60 ) 1,127 (96 )

Dividends on FHLB stock (406 ) (842 ) (699 )

Changes in: 

Interest receivable 1,463 (7,092 ) (10,970 )

Other assets 1,820 5,032 1,814 

Other liabilities 765 8,263 7,023 

Net cash provided by operating activities 101,464 99,355 80,353 

Investing Activities 

Net change in loans (137,964 ) (654,056 ) (732,041 )

Purchases of available-for-sale and equity securities (102,954 ) (220,437 ) (116,136 )

Proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale securities 60,929 35,593 80,091 

Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale and equity securities 20,371 157,885 20,109 

Proceeds from the sale of foreclosed assets 20 1,050 237 

Advances for cost to complete foreclosed assets (966 ) 

Purchase of premises and equipment (3,607 ) (8,954 ) (2,569 )

Proceeds from the sale of premises and equipment and related insurance claims 145 67 147 

Purchase of restricted equity securities (11,156 ) (11,465 ) (13,175 )

Proceeds from sale of restricted equity securities 11,852 22,791 14,352 

Terminated cash flow hedges 43 3,290 

Net cash activity from acquisitions 19,279 125,749 

Net cash used in investing activities (163,287 ) (658,247 ) (619,946 )

Financing Activities 

Net increase (decrease) in demand deposits, savings, NOW and money market accounts 122,937 (192,728 ) 94,529 

Net increase in time deposits 100,744 867,140 302,889 

Net decrease in fed funds purchased and repurchase agreements (1,050 ) 

Net (decrease) increase in federal funds sold (20,000 ) 20,000 

Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances 22,671 50,000 

Repayment of Federal Home Loan Bank advances (1,937 ) (88,264 ) (154,048 )

Net proceeds of lines of credit (79,968 ) 79,968 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred shares, net of issuance cost 7,750 

Issuance of common shares, net of issuance cost 4 3 4 

Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan 533 402 364 

Repurchase of common stock (4,500 ) (35,780 )

Acquisition of common stock for tax withholding obligations (1,358 ) (1,142 ) (929 )

Settlement of warrants (418 ) 

Net decrease in employee receivables 7 

Dividends paid on preferred stock (620 ) (413 ) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 215,803 513,983 357,004 

Increase (decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 153,980 (44,909 ) (182,589 )

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period 255,229 300,138 482,727 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period $ 409,209 $ 255,229 $ 300,138 

Supplemental Cash Flows Information 

Interest paid $ 251,376 $ 197,490 $ 50,604 

Income taxes paid 23,875 21,509 15,499 

Repossessed assets in settlement of loans 5,174 

See Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements

10

CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.

Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 1: Nature of Operations
and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Organization and Nature of Operations

CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.,
a Kansas corporation (the Company), is a bank holding company whose principal activities are the ownership and management
of its wholly owned subsidiary, CrossFirst Bank (the Bank). The Bank has three wholly owned subsidiaries: (i) CrossFirst
Investments, Inc., which holds investments in marketable securities; (ii) CFBSA I, LLC, which can hold foreclosed non-real
estate assets; and (iii) CFBSA II, LLC, which can hold foreclosed real estate assets.

On August 26,
2024, the Company and First Busey Corporation, a Nevada corporation (Busey), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger
(the Merger Agreement). The Merger Agreement provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein,
the Company will merge with and into Busey, with Busey as the surviving corporation in the merger (the Merger). The Merger
Agreement further provides that at a date and time following the Merger as determined by Busey, the Bank, a Kansas state-chartered bank
and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, will merge with and into Busey Bank, an Illinois state-chartered bank and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Busey, with Busey Bank as the surviving bank. During December 2024, Busey shareholders and the Companys shareholders
each voted to adopt and approve, as applicable, all proposals relating to the merger. During January 2025, all required regulatory
approvals for Busey to acquire the Company by merger were obtained. The transaction remains subject to the completion of the remaining
customary closing conditions. Subject to satisfying these conditions, the parties currently expect to close the holding company merger
on March 1, 2025.

Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time),
each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (CrossFirst Common Stock) outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time, other than certain shares held by the Company or Busey, will be converted into the right to receive 0.6675
of a share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Busey. Holders of CrossFirst Common Stock will receive cash in lieu of fractional
shares.

At the Effective
Time, each share of Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (CrossFirst
Preferred Stock or Series A Preferred Stock) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted
into the right to receive one share of a newly created series of preferred stock of Busey, provided that at the election of Busey, Busey
may cause the CrossFirst Preferred Stock to be converted in the Merger at the Effective Time into the right to receive an amount of cash
equal to the liquidation preference thereof, plus the amount of any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon through the Effective Time.

The Bank is engaged
in providing a full range of banking and financial services to individual and corporate clients primarily through its branches in: (i) Leawood,
Kansas; (ii) Wichita, Kansas; (iii) Kansas City, Missouri; (iv) Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; (v) Tulsa, Oklahoma; (vi) Dallas,
Texas; (vii) Fort Worth, Texas; (viii) Frisco, Texas; (ix) Phoenix, Arizona; (x) Tucson, Arizona; (xi) Colorado
Springs, Colorado; (xii) Denver, Colorado; and (xiii) Clayton, New Mexico. The Bank is subject to regulation by certain federal
and state agencies and undergoes periodic examinations by those regulatory authorities.

The Companys
accounting and reporting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, the Bank and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions were eliminated in consolidation.

The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Material estimates that
are particularly susceptible to significant change relate to the determination of the allowance for credit losses, valuation of deferred
tax assets, valuation of goodwill, stock-based compensation, derivatives, and fair values of financial instruments.

11

Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies

Cash
Equivalents - The Company considers all liquid investments with original maturities of
three months or less to be cash equivalents. At December 31, 2024, cash equivalents consisted primarily of both interest-bearing
and non-interest-bearing accounts with other banks. Approximately $350 million of the Companys cash and cash equivalents
were held at the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City at December 31, 2024. The Company is required to maintain reserve funds in
cash and/or on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank. The reserve required at December 31, 2024 was $0. In addition, the Company
is required from time to time to place cash collateral with third parties as part of its back-to-back swap agreements and cash flow hedges.
At December 31, 2024, $1.0 million of cash collateral was required. At December 31, 2024, the Companys cash accounts,
excluding funds at the Federal Reserve Bank and funds required as cash collateral, exceeded federally insured limits by $20.7 million.

Securities -
Debt securities for which the Company has no immediate plan to sell but which may be sold in the future, are classified as available-for-sale
(AFS) and recorded at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported in other comprehensive
income (loss). Purchase premiums and discounts are recognized in interest income using the interest method over the terms of the securities.
Gains and losses on the sale of debt securities are recorded on the trade date and are determined using the specific identification method.

Equity securities
are recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings. Gains and losses on the sale of equity securities are
recorded on the trade date and are determined using the specific identification method.

The Company elected
a measurement alternative for five private equity investments that did not have a readily determinable fair value and did not qualify
for the practical expedient to estimate fair value using the net asset value per share. A cost basis was calculated for the equity investments.
The recorded balance will adjust for any impairment or any observable price changes for an identical or similar investment of the same
issuer.

For AFS securities
in an unrealized loss position, the Company first assesses whether it intends to sell, or it is more likely than not that it will be
required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement
to sell is met, the securities amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through income. For AFS securities that do not
meet the criteria above, the Company evaluates whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. Management
considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and
adverse conditions specifically related to the security, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists,
the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security is compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. If
the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis, a credit loss exists and an allowance
for credit losses is recorded for the credit loss, limited by the amount that the fair value is less than amortized cost basis. The Company
has elected to exclude accrued interest receivable from investment securities from the credit loss assessment as interest deemed uncollectible
is written off through interest income.

Loans -
Loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff are reported at their
outstanding principal balances adjusted for unearned income, charge-offs, the allowance for credit losses, any unamortized deferred fees
or costs on originated loans and unamortized premiums or discounts on purchased loans.

For loans amortized
at cost, interest income is accrued based on the unpaid principal balance. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs,
as well as premiums and discounts, are deferred and amortized as a level yield adjustment over the respective term of the loan.

The accrual of interest
on mortgage and commercial loans is discontinued at the time the loan is 90 days past due unless the credit is well secured and
in process of collection. A credit is considered well secured if it is secured by collateral in the form of liens or pledges of real
or personal property, including securities, that have a realizable value sufficient to discharge the debt (including accrued interest)
in full or is secured by the guaranty of a financially responsible party. A debt is in the process of collection if collection of the
debt is proceeding in due course either through legal action, including enforcement procedures, or in appropriate circumstances, through
collection efforts not involving legal action which are reasonably expected to result in repayment of the debt or in its restoration
to a current status. Past due status is based on contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on non-accrual or charged
off at an earlier date, if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful.

12

All interest accrued
but not collected for loans that are placed on non-accrual or charged off are reversed against interest income. The interest on these
loans is accounted for on the cash basis or cost recovery method, until the loans qualify for return to accrual. When payments are received
on non-accrual loans, payments are applied to principal unless there is a clear indication that the quality of the loan has improved
to the point that it can be placed back on accrual status. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts
contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured.

The Company aggregates
the loan portfolio by similar credit risk characteristics. The loan segments are described in additional detail below:

Commercial
and Industrial - The category includes loans and lines of credit to commercial and
industrial clients for use in property, plant, and equipment purchases, business operations,
expansions and for working capital needs. Loan terms typically require amortizing payments
that decrease the outstanding loan balance while the lines of credit typically require interest-only
payments with maturities ranging from one- to three-years. Lines of credit allow the borrower
to draw down and repay the line of credit based on the borrowers cash flow needs.
Repayment is primarily from the cash flow of a borrowers principal business operation.
Credit risk is driven by creditworthiness of a borrower and the economic conditions that
impact the cash flow stability from business operations.

Energy -
The category includes loans to oil and natural gas clients for use in financing working capital
needs, exploration and production activities, and acquisitions. The loans are repaid primarily
from the conversion of crude oil and natural gas to cash. Credit risk is driven by creditworthiness
of a borrower and the economic conditions that impact the cash flow stability from business
operations. Energy loans are typically collateralized with the underlying oil and gas reserves.

Commercial
Real Estate - Owner-Occupied - The category includes relationships where the Company
is usually the primary provider of financial services for the company and/or the principals
and the primary source of repayment is through the cash flows generated by the borrowers
business operations. Owner-occupied commercial real estate loans are typically secured by
a first lien mortgage on real property plus assignments of all leases related to the properties.
Credit risk may be impacted by the creditworthiness of a borrower, property values and the
local economies in the borrowers market areas.

Commercial
Real Estate Non-Owner-Occupied - The category includes loans that typically involve
larger principal amounts and repayment of these loans is generally dependent on the leasing
income generated from tenants. These are viewed primarily as cash flow loans and secondarily
as loans secured by real estate.

Additionally, the category
includes construction and land development loans that are based upon estimates of costs and estimated value of the completed project.
Independent appraisals and a financial analysis of the developers and property owners are completed. Sources of repayment include secondary
market permanent loans, sales of developed property or an interim loan commitment from the Company until permanent financing is obtained.
These loans are higher risk than other real estate loans due to their ultimate repayment being sensitive to interest rate changes, general
economic conditions, and the availability of long-term financing.

The category also includes
loans that are secured by multifamily properties. Repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on occupancy rates and rental income.

Credit risk for non-owner-occupied
commercial real estate loans may be impacted by the creditworthiness of a borrower, property values and the local economies in the borrowers
market areas.

Residential
Real Estate - The category includes loans that are generally secured by owner-occupied
1-4 family residences. Repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on the personal income
and credit rating of the borrowers. We also offer open- and closed-end home equity loans,
which are loans generally secured by second lien positions on residential real estate. Credit
risk in these loans can be impacted by economic conditions within or outside the borrowers
market areas that might impact either property values or a borrowers personal income.

13

Consumer -
The category includes personal lines of credit and various term loans such as automobile
loans and loans for other personal purposes. Repayment is primarily dependent on the personal
income and credit rating of the borrowers. Credit risk is driven by consumer economic factors
(such as unemployment and general economic conditions in the borrowers market area)
and the creditworthiness of a borrower.

Risk
Ratings- The Company uses a series of grades which reflect its assessment of the credit quality
of loans based on an analysis of the borrower's financial condition, liquidity and ability to meet contractual debt service requirements.
Risk ratings are established for loans at origination and are monitored on an ongoing basis. The rating assigned to a loan reflects the
risks posed by the borrowers expected performance and the transactions structure. Performance metrics used to determine
a risk rating include, but are not limited to, cash flow adequacy, liquidity, and collateral. A description of the loan risk ratings
follows:

Pass
- The category includes loans that are considered satisfactory and borrowers that generally
maintain good liquidity and financial condition, or the credit is currently protected with
sales trends remaining flat or declining. Most ratios compare favorably with industry norms
and Company policies. Debt is programmed and timely repayment is expected.

Special
Mention - The category includes borrowers that generally exhibit adverse trends in operations
or an imbalanced position in their balance sheet that has not reached a point where repayment
is jeopardized. Credits are currently protected but, if left uncorrected, the potential weaknesses
may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the credit or in the Companys
credit or lien position at a future date. These credits are not adversely classified and
do not expose the Company to enough risk to warrant adverse classification.

Substandard
- The category includes borrowers that generally exhibit well-defined weakness(es) that
jeopardize repayment. Credits are inadequately protected by the current worth and paying
capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged. A distinct possibility exists that
the Company will sustain some loss if deficiencies are not corrected. Loss potential, while
existing in the aggregate amount of substandard assets, does not have to exist in individual
assets classified substandard. Substandard loans include both performing and non-performing
loans and are broken out in the table below.

Doubtful
- The category includes borrowers that exhibit weaknesses inherent in a substandard credit
and characteristics that these weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable
or improbable based on existing facts, conditions, and values. Because of reasonably specific
pending factors, which may work to the advantage and strengthening of the assets, classification
as a loss is deferred until its more exact status may be determined.

Loss
- Credits that are considered uncollectible or of such little value that their continuance
as a bankable asset is not warranted.

Allowance
for Credit Losses - The Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) model requires
an estimate of expected credit losses, measured over the contractual life of an instrument, that considers forecasts of future economic
conditions in addition to information about past events and current conditions.

The Company uses
a loss-rate (cohort) method to estimate the expected allowance for credit losses (ACL) for all loan pools.
The cohort method identifies and captures the balance of a pool of loans with similar risk characteristics, as of a particular point
in time to form a cohort, then tracks the respective losses generated by that cohort of loans over their remaining lives, or until the
loans are exhausted (i.e., have reached an acceptable point in time at which a significant majority of all losses are expected
to have been recognized). The Company has elected to exclude accrued interest receivable from the ACL process, because a timely write-off
policy exists.

14

The ACL is the sum
of three components: (i) asset specific / individual loan reserves; (ii) quantitative (formulaic or pooled) reserves; and (iii) qualitative
(judgmental) reserves.

Asset
Specific -When unique qualities cause a loans exposure to loss to be inconsistent
with the pooled reserves, the loan is individually evaluated. Individual reserves are calculated for loans that are risk-rated substandard
and on non-accrual and loans that are risk-rated doubtful or loss that are greater than a defined dollar threshold. Reserves on asset
specific loans may be based on collateral, for collateral-dependent loans, or on quantitative and qualitative factors, including expected
cash flow, market sentiment, and guarantor support.

Quantitative -
The Company utilizes the cohort method, which identifies and captures the balance of a pool
of loans with similar risk characteristics as of a particular time to form a cohort. The cohort is then tracked for losses over the remaining
life of loans or until the pool is exhausted. The Company uses a lookback period of approximately six years to establish the cohort population.
By using the historical data timeframe, the Company can establish a historical loss factor for each of its loan segments.

Qualitative 
The Company uses qualitative factors to adjust the historical loss factors for current conditions. The Company primarily uses the following
qualitative factors:

The
nature and volume of changes in risk ratings;

The
volume and severity of past due loans;

The
volume of non-accrual loans;

The
nature and volume of the loan portfolio, including the existence, growth, and effect of any
concentrations of credit;

Changes
in the Institute of Supply Managements Purchasing Manager Indices (PMI)
for services and manufacturing;

Changes
in collateral values;

Changes
in lending policies, procedures, and quality of loan reviews;

Changes
in lending staff; and

Changes
in competition, legal and regulatory environments

In addition to the
current condition qualitative adjustments, the Company uses the Federal Reserves unemployment forecast to adjust the ACL based
on forward looking guidance. The Federal Reserves unemployment forecast extends three years and is eventually reverted to the
mean of six percent by year 10.

Unfunded Loan
Commitments

In addition to the
ACL for funded loans, the Company maintains reserves to cover the risk of loss associated with off-balance sheet unfunded loan commitments.
The allowance for off-balance sheet credit losses is maintained within the other liabilities in the statements of financial condition.
Under the CECL framework, adjustments to this liability are recorded as provision for credit losses in the statements of operations.
Unfunded loan commitment balances are evaluated by loan class and further segregated by revolving and non-revolving commitments. In order
to establish the required level of reserve, the Company applies average historical utilization rates and ACL loan model loss rates for
each loan class to the outstanding unfunded commitment balances.

Refer to Note 4:
Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses for additional information regarding the policies, procedures, and credit quality indicators
used by the Company.

Premises
and Equipment - With the exception of premises and equipment acquired through business
combinations, which are initially measured and recorded at fair value, depreciable assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation is charged to expense using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements
are capitalized and depreciated using the straight-line method over the terms of the respective leases or the estimated useful lives
of the improvements, whichever is shorter. Expected terms include lease option periods to the extent that the exercise of such options
is reasonably assured. The Company generally assigns depreciable lives of 35 to 40 years for buildings and improvements, 5 to 7 years
for furniture and fixtures and 3 to 5 years for equipment. The Company reviews premises and equipment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the sum
of the undiscounted future net cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposal is less than its carrying
amount.

15

Restricted
Equity Securities - Restricted equity securities include investments in FHLB Topeka and
FHLB Dallas. FHLB Topeka and FHLB Dallas are Federal Home Loan Banks and investment in their stock is required for institutions that
are members of the Federal Home Loan System. The required investment in the common stock is based on a predetermined formula.

Bank-Owned
Life Insurance - The Company has purchased life insurance policies on certain key employees
that are accounted for under the fair value method. Bank-owned life insurance is recorded at the amount that can be realized under the
insurance contract at the statement of financial condition date, which is the cash surrender value. Changes in cash surrender value are
recorded in earnings in the period in which the changes occur.

Foreclosed
Assets Held-for-Sale - Assets acquired through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosure are held-for-sale
and are initially recorded at fair value less estimated costs to sell at the date of foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. Subsequent
to foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed by management and the assets are carried at the lower of carrying amount or fair
value less estimated costs to sell. Revenue and expenses from operations and changes in the valuation allowance are included in the non-interest
expense line Foreclosed assets, net.

Goodwill
and intangible assets, net - Goodwill is established and recorded if the consideration
given during an acquisition transaction exceeds the fair value of the net assets received. Goodwill has an indefinite useful life and
is not amortized, but is evaluated annually for potential impairment, or when events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely
than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. A qualitative assessment is performed to determine
whether the existence of events or circumstances led to a determination that it was more likely than not the fair value was less than
the carrying amount, including goodwill. If, based on the evaluation, it is determined to be more likely than not that the fair value
was less than the carrying value, then goodwill is tested further for impairment. If the implied fair value of goodwill is lower than
its carrying amount, a goodwill impairment would be indicated and goodwill written down to its implied fair value.

Intangible assets
that have finite useful lives, such as core deposit intangibles and servicing assets, are amortized over their estimated useful lives.
The Companys core deposit intangible assets represent the value of the anticipated future cost savings that will result from the
acquired core deposit relationships versus an alternative source of funding. Judgment may be used in assessing goodwill and intangible
assets for impairment. Estimates of fair value are based on projections of revenues, operating costs and cash flows of the reporting
unit considering historical and anticipated future results, general economic and market conditions, as well as the impact of planned
business or operational strategies. The valuations use a combination of present value techniques to measure fair value considering market
factors. Additionally, judgment is used in determining the useful lives of finite-lived intangible assets. Adverse changes in the economic
environment, operations of the reporting unit, or changes in judgments and projections could result in a significantly different estimate
of the fair value of the reporting unit and could result in an impairment of goodwill and/or intangible assets.

Related
Party Transactions - The Company extends credit and receives deposits from related parties.
In managements opinion, the loans and deposits were made in the ordinary course of business and made on similar terms as those
prevailing at the time with other persons. Related party loans totaled $10 million and $12 million at December 31, 2024 and
2023, respectively. Related party deposits totaled $102 million and $106 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Related parties also own $6 million of the Companys Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per
share (Series A Preferred Stock) at December 31, 2024.

Stock-Based
Compensation - The Company accounts for all stock-based compensation transactions in accordance
with Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation, which requires that stock compensation
transactions be recognized as compensation expense in the consolidated statements of operations based on their fair values on the measurement
date. The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. New shares are issued upon exercise of an award. The Company records permanent
tax differences through the income tax provision upon vesting, expiration or exercise of a stock-based award. The various stock-based
compensation plans are described more fully in Note 17: Stock-Based Compensation.

16

Transfers
of Financial Assets - Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales when control
over the assets has been surrendered. Control over transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered when: (i) the assets have been
isolated from the Company and put presumptively beyond the reach of the transferor and its creditors, even in bankruptcy or other receivership;
(ii) the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange
the transferred assets; and (iii) the Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through an agreement
to repurchase them before their maturity or the ability to unilaterally cause the holder to return specific assets. Gains on transfers
of certain Small Business Administration loans are included in the non-interest income line Gain on sale of loans in the consolidated
statements of operations.

Income
Taxes - The Company and its subsidiaries file U.S. federal and certain state income tax
returns on a consolidated basis. Additionally, the Company and its subsidiaries file separate state income tax returns with various state
jurisdictions. The provision for income taxes includes the income tax balances of the Company and all of its subsidiaries.

The Company accounts
for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes. The income tax accounting guidance results in two components of income
tax expense: (i) current; and (ii) deferred. Current income tax expense reflects taxes to be paid or refunded for the current
period by applying the provisions of the enacted tax law to the taxable income or excess of deductions over revenues. The Company determines
deferred income taxes using the liability or balance sheet method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is based
on the tax effects of the differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities and enacted changes in tax rates and laws
are recognized in the period in which they occur.

Deferred income
tax expense results from changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities between periods. Deferred tax assets are recognized if it is
more likely than not, based on the technical merits, that the tax position will be realized or sustained upon examination. The term,
more likely than not, means a likelihood of more than 50 percent; the terms examined and upon examination also include resolution
of the related appeals or litigation processes, if any. A tax position that meets the more likely than not recognition threshold is initially
and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon
settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The determination of whether or not a tax position
has met the more likely than not recognition threshold considers the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting
date and is subject to managements judgment. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight
of evidence available, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.

The Company recognizes
interest and penalties on income taxes as a component of other non-interest expense.

Earnings
Per Common Share - Basic earnings per common share represent net income available to common
stockholders divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per common share
reflect additional potential shares that would have been outstanding if dilutive potential common stock had been issued, as well as any
adjustment to income that would result from the assumed issuance. Potential common stock that may be issued by the Company is determined
using the treasury stock method.

Derivative
Financial Instruments - The Company records all derivatives on the statement of financial
condition at fair value in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives
depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and
apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives
designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable
to a particular risk, such as interest rate risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge
of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges.
Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition
of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the
earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge.

In accordance with
the Financial Accounting Standards Boards (FASB) fair value measurement guidance in ASU 2011-04, the Company made
an accounting policy election to measure the credit risk of its derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements
on a net basis by counterparty portfolio.

17

Acquisition
Activities - The Company accounts for business combinations under the acquisition method
of accounting. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed are measured and recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition, including
identifiable intangible assets. If the fair value of net assets acquired exceeds the fair value of consideration paid, a bargain purchase
gain is recognized at the date of acquisition. Conversely, if the consideration paid exceeds the fair value of the net assets acquired,
goodwill is recognized at the acquisition date. Fair values are subject to refinement for up to a maximum of one year after the
closing date of an acquisition as information relative to closing date fair values becomes available. Adjustments recorded to the acquired
assets and liabilities assumed are applied prospectively in accordance with ASC Topic 805. The determination of the fair value of loans
acquired takes into account credit quality deterioration and probability of loss; therefore, the related ACL is not carried forward at
the time of acquisition. Identifiable intangible assets are recognized separately if they arise from contractual or other legal rights
or if they are separable (i.e., capable of being sold, transferred, licensed, rented, or exchanged separately from the entity). Deposit
liabilities and the related depositor relationship intangible assets, known as the core deposit intangible assets, may be exchanged in
observable exchange transactions. As a result, the core deposit intangible asset is considered identifiable, because the separability
criterion has been met.

Treasury
Stock - When the Company acquires treasury stock, the sum of the consideration paid and
direct transaction costs after tax is recognized as a deduction from equity. The cost basis for the reissuance of treasury stock is determined
using a first-in, first-out basis. To the extent that the reissuance price is more than the cost basis (gain), the excess is recorded
as an increase to additional paid-in capital in the consolidated statements of financial condition. If the reissuance price is less than
the cost basis (loss), the difference is recorded to additional paid-in capital to the extent there is a cumulative treasury stock paid-in
capital balance. Any loss in excess of the cumulative treasury stock paid-in capital balance is charged to retained earnings.

Operating
Segments - The Company operates as one commercial bank entity delivering banking products
and services to clients. The Companys chief operating decision maker (CODM), the Companys executive leadership
team, manages operations on a company-wide basis, including allocation of resources and financial performance, which constitutes its
only operating segment. Refer to Note 22: Segment Reporting for additional information regarding the Companys reporting
segment.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Accounting pronouncements not yet
adopted by the Company

In December 2023,
the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures which requires updates to rate reconciliation
disclosures and information on income taxes paid on an annual basis. This ASU is effective on a prospective basis with retrospective
application permitted for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company is evaluating the impact the adoption of
this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

In November 2024,
the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40):
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses which requires disclosure of specified information about certain costs and expenses in the
notes to financial statements. This ASU is effective on a prospective basis with retrospective application permitted for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. The Company is evaluating
the impact the adoption of this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

Accounting pronouncements adopted
in the current year by the Company

In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures which
requires enhanced disclosures on both an annual and interim basis about significant segment expenses, including for companies with only
one reportable segment. This ASU is effective on a retrospective basis for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim
periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company adopted the provisions of this guidance as of December 31,
2024. The adoption of this ASU did not have any impact on the Companys consolidated financial statements. The disclosures required
by this ASU are included in Note 22: Segment Reporting.

18

Note 2: Acquisition Activities

On August 1,
2023, the Company completed its acquisition of Canyon Bancorporation, Inc. and Canyon Community Bank, N.A. (collectively, Canyon)
whereby Canyon Bancorporation, Inc. was ultimately merged with and into the Company and Canyon Community Bank, N.A. was merged with
and into the Bank (collectively, the Tucson acquisition). Pursuant to the merger agreement executed in April 2023,
the Company paid approximately $9.1 million of cash consideration and issued 597,645 shares of Company common stock, and the Company
and the Bank assumed all of the assets and liabilities of the Canyon entities with which they merged by operation of law. The acquisition
added one full-service branch within Arizona to the Companys footprint thereby deepening its Arizona franchise as well as adding
liquidity and talent.

Tucson acquisition-related
costs totaled $3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, including a Day 1 CECL provision expense of $0.9 million. Acquisition-related
costs were included in the Companys consolidated statements of operations. The results of the acquisition are included in the
results of the Company subsequent to the acquisition date and reported in this annual report on Form 10-K.

The Company determined
that the Tucson acquisition constituted a business combination as defined in ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. Accordingly, as of
the date of the acquisition, the Company recorded the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value. The Company determined fair
values in accordance with the guidance provided in ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. In many cases, the determination
of these fair values required management to make estimates about discount rates, future expected cash flows, market conditions and other
future events that are highly subjective in nature and subject to change. Actual results could differ materially. The Company made the
determination of fair values using the best information available at the time. The impact of the Tucson acquisition is immaterial to
the consolidated results of operations of the Company, therefore no pro-forma information is provided.

19

The table below
summarizes net assets acquired (at fair value) and consideration transferred in connection with the Tucson acquisition:

Tucson 

August 01, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 28,366 

Available-for-sale securities 38,084 

Loans, net of unearned fees 105,668 

Premises and equipment 1,335 

Restricted equity securities 1,810 

Interest receivable 695 

Core deposit intangible 4,459 

Other 1,277 

Total assets acquired 181,694 

Liabilities: 

Total deposits 165,399 

Other borrowings 1,050 

Interest payable and other liabilities 500 

Total liabilities assumed 166,949 

Identifiable net assets acquired $ 14,745 

Consideration: 

Cash 9,087 

Stock 6,957 

Total consideration 16,044 

Goodwill $ 1,299 

In connection with
the Tucson acquisition, the Company recorded $1.3 million of goodwill, which is not deductible for tax purposes. The amount of goodwill
recorded reflects the expanded market presence, synergies and operational efficiencies that are expected to result from the acquisition.
The following is a description of the methods used to determine the fair values of significant assets and liabilities presented above:

Cash
and cash equivalentsThe carrying amount of these assets was deemed a reasonable estimate
of fair value based on the short-term nature of these assets.

Loans,
netThe fair value of loans was based on a discounted cash flow methodology. Inputs and
assumptions used in the fair value estimate of the loan portfolio, includes interest rate, servicing, credit and liquidity risk, and
required equity return. The fair value of loans was calculated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on the remaining maturity
and repricing terms. Cash flows were adjusted by estimating future credit losses and the rate of prepayments. Projected monthly
cash flows were then discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted market rate for similar loans.

Core
deposit intangiblesThe Company identified client relationships, in the form of core deposit
intangibles, as an identified intangible asset. Core deposit intangibles derive value from the expected future benefits or earnings capacity
attributable to the acquired core deposits. The core deposit intangible was valued by identifying the expected future benefits of the
core deposits and discounting those benefits back to present value. The core deposit intangible will be amortized over its estimated
useful life of approximately 10 years using the sum of the years digits accelerated method.

Deposits
- By definition, the fair value of demand and saving deposits equals the amount payable. For
time deposits acquired, the Company utilized an income approach, discounting the contractual cash flows on the instruments over their
remaining contractual lives at prevailing market rates.

20

FHLB
Advances - FHLB advances are recorded at their fair value as estimated by discounting the
contractual future cash flows using FHLB rates offered on similar maturities as of the acquisition date.

Accounting
for acquired loans - Loans acquired are recorded at fair value with no carryover of the related
allowance for credit losses. Purchased-credit deteriorated loans (PCD) are loans that have experienced more than insignificant
credit deterioration since origination and are recorded at the purchase price. Management determined that any loans which were past due,
adversely risk rated, on non-accrual or considered a troubled debt restructured loan were PCD loans. The allowance for credit losses
is determined on a collective basis and is allocated to the individual loans. The sum of the loans purchase price and the allowance
for credit losses becomes its initial amortized cost basis. The difference between the initial amortized cost basis and the par value
of the loan is a noncredit discount or premium, which is amortized into interest income over the life of the loan.

Non-PCD loans have
not experienced a more than insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination. The difference between the fair value and
outstanding balance of the non-PCD loans is recognized as an adjustment to interest income over the lives of the loan.

A Day 1 CECL allowance
for credit losses on the non-PCD loans was recorded through provision for credit loss expense within the consolidated statements of operations.
At the date of acquisition, of the $105.7 million of loans acquired from Canyon, $26.0 million, or 25% of Canyons loan portfolio,
were accounted for as PCD loans. $24.1 million of these PCD loans had United States Department of Agriculture guarantees on a portion
of their balances.

The following table
provides a summary of PCD loans purchased as part of the Tucson acquisition as of the acquisition date:

Tucson 

8/1/2023 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Unpaid principal balance $ 28,159 

PCD allowance for credit loss at acquisition (329 )

(Discount) premium on acquired loans (1,809 )

Purchase price of PCD loans $ 26,021 

Note 3: Securities

Available-for-Sale Securities

AFS securities are
summarized as follows as of the dates indicated:

December 31, 2024 

Gross Gross 

Unrealized Unrealized Approximate 

Amortized Cost Gains Losses Fair Value 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Mortgage-backed - GSE residential $ 231,340 $ 385 $ 23,913 $ 207,812 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - GSE residential 118,481 541 2,291 116,731 

State and political subdivisions 370,342 92 49,360 321,074 

Small Business Administration loan pools 119,005 101 3,828 115,278 

Corporate bonds 9,581 628 8,953 

Total available-for-sale securities $ 848,749 $ 1,119 $ 80,020 $ 769,848 

21

December 31, 2023 

Gross Gross 

Unrealized Unrealized Approximate 

Amortized Cost Gains Losses Fair Value 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Federal agency obligations $ 9,988 $ 84 $ $ 10,072 

U.S. Treasury securities 4,965 3 4,968 

Mortgage-backed - GSE residential 233,203 629 21,370 212,462 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - GSE residential 50,125 493 674 49,944 

State and political subdivisions 396,349 497 40,949 355,897 

Small Business Administration loan pools 125,017 722 961 124,778 

Corporate bonds 9,740 1,208 8,532 

Total available-for-sale securities $ 829,387 $ 2,428 $ 65,162 $ 766,653 

The carrying value
of securities pledged as collateral was $40 million at both December 31, 2024 and 2023.

As of December 31,
2024 and 2023, the AFS securities had $6 million and $7 million, respectively, of accrued interest, excluded from the amortized cost
basis, and presented in interest receivable on the consolidated statements of financial condition.

The following table
summarizes the gross realized gains and losses from sales or maturities of AFS securities as of the dates shown:

For the Year Ended December 31, 2024 

Gross Realized Gains Gross Realized Losses Net Realized Gain 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Available-for-sale securities $ 164 $ (104 ) $ 60 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 

Gross Realized Gains Gross Realized Losses Net Realized Loss 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Available-for-sale securities $ 462 $ (1,589 ) $ (1,127 )

The following tables
summarize AFS securities with gross unrealized losses, as of the dates shown, along with the length of time in an unrealized loss position:

December 31, 2024 

Less
than 12 Months 12
Months or More Total 

Fair Unrealized Number of Fair Unrealized Number of Fair Unrealized Number of 

Value Losses Securities Value Losses Securities Value Losses Securities 

(Dollars
in thousands) 

Available-for-Sale Securities 

Mortgage-backed
- GSE residential $ 38,186 513 14 $ 121,014 23,400 51 $ 159,200 $ 23,913 65 

Collateralized
mortgage obligations - GSE residential 65,735 1,630 15 14,765 661 18 80,500 2,291 33 

State and
political subdivisions 17,890 259 13 297,867 49,101 200 315,757 49,360 213 

Small Business
Administration loan pools 105,606 3,827 14 66 1 4 105,672 3,828 18 

Corporate
bonds 8,952 628 4 8,952 628 4 

Total
temporarily impaired AFS securities $ 227,417 $ 6,229 56 $ 442,664 $ 73,791 277 $ 670,081 $ 80,020 333 

22

December 31, 2023 

Less
than 12 Months 12
Months or More Total 

Fair Unrealized Number of Fair Unrealized Number of Fair Unrealized Number of 

Value Losses Securities Value Losses Securities Value Losses Securities 

(Dollars
in thousands) 

Available-for-Sale Securities 

Federal agency
obligations $ $ $ $ $ $ 

U.S. Treasury
securities 

Mortgage-backed
- GSE residential 21,523 56 5 137,626 21,314 52 159,149 21,370 57 

Collateralized
mortgage obligations - GSE residential 17,707 135 4 8,469 539 17 26,176 674 21 

State and
political subdivisions 33,577 207 20 287,128 40,742 190 320,705 40,949 210 

Small Business
Administration loan pools 76,380 959 11 91 2 4 76,471 961 15 

Corporate
bonds 8,532 1,208 5 8,532 1,208 5 

Total
temporarily impaired AFS securities $ 149,187 $ 1,357 40 $ 441,846 $ 63,805 268 $ 591,033 $ 65,162 308 

Management evaluated
all of the AFS securities in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2024. The unrealized losses in the Companys investment
portfolio were caused by interest rate changes. The Company does not intend to sell the investments, and it is not more likely than not
the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis. The Company did not record any credit
losses on AFS securities in 2024, 2023 or 2022.

23

The amortized cost,
fair value, and weighted average yield of AFS securities by contractual maturity, are shown below:

December 31, 2024 

Within After One to After Five to After 

One Year Five Years Ten Years Ten Years Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Available-for-sale securities 

Mortgage-backed - GSE residential(1) 

Amortized cost $ $ $ 738 $ 230,602 $ 231,340 

Estimated fair value $ $ $ 680 $ 207,132 $ 207,812 

Weighted average yield(2) % % 2.23 % 3.27 % 3.27 %

Collateralized mortgage obligations - GSE residential(1) 

Amortized cost $ $ 1,880 $ 17,562 $ 99,039 $ 118,481 

Estimated fair value $ $ 1,818 $ 17,447 $ 97,466 $ 116,731 

Weighted average yield(2) % 2.81 % 5.34 % 5.38 % 5.33 %

State and political subdivisions(1) 

Amortized cost $ 391 $ 5,664 $ 64,868 $ 299,419 $ 370,342 

Estimated fair value $ 399 $ 5,624 $ 63,504 $ 251,547 $ 321,074 

Weighted average yield(2) 4.43 % 3.81 % 2.86 % 2.45 % 2.55 %

Small Business Administration loan pools(1) 

Amortized cost $ 3 $ 65 $ $ 118,937 $ 119,005 

Estimated fair value $ 3 $ 63 $ $ 115,212 $ 115,278 

Weighted average yield(2) 5.01 % 4.14 % % 4.85 % 4.85 %

Corporate bonds(1) 

Amortized cost $ $ 88 $ 9,493 $ $ 9,581 

Estimated fair value $ $ 83 $ 8,870 $ $ 8,953 

Weighted average yield(2) % 5.07 % 5.71 % % 5.70 %

Total available-for-sale securities 

Amortized cost $ 394 $ 7,697 $ 92,661 $ 747,997 $ 848,749 

Estimated fair value $ 402 $ 7,588 $ 90,501 $ 671,357 $ 769,848 

Weighted average yield(2) 4.44 % 3.59 % 3.61 % 3.47 % 3.49 %

(1) Actual
maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the rights to
call or prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties.

(2) Yields
are calculated based on amortized cost using a 30/360 day basis. Tax-exempt securities are
not tax effected.

24

December 31, 2023 

Within After One to After Five to After 

One Year Five Years Ten Years Ten Years Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Available-for-sale securities 

Federal agency obligations(1) 

Amortized cost $ $ $ $ 9,988 $ 9,988 

Estimated fair value $ $ $ $ 10,072 $ 10,072 

Weighted average yield(2) % % % 6.41 % 6.41 %

U.S. Treasury securities 

Amortized cost $ 4,965 $ $ $ $ 4,965 

Estimated fair value $ 4,968 $ $ $ $ 4,968 

Weighted average yield(2) 5.56 % % % % 5.56 %

Mortgage-backed - GSE residential(1) 

Amortized cost $ $ $ 889 $ 232,314 $ 233,203 

Estimated fair value $ $ $ 821 $ 211,641 $ 212,462 

Weighted average yield(2) % % 2.24 % 3.16 % 3.15 %

Collateralized mortgage obligations - GSE residential(1) 

Amortized cost $ $ 2,237 $ $ 47,888 $ 50,125 

Estimated fair value $ $ 2,153 $ $ 47,791 $ 49,944 

Weighted average yield(2) % 2.78 % % 5.23 % 5.12 %

State and political subdivisions(1) 

Amortized cost $ 520 $ 3,727 $ 55,956 $ 336,146 $ 396,349 

Estimated fair value $ 529 $ 3,726 $ 55,446 $ 296,196 $ 355,897 

Weighted average yield(2) 4.22 % 4.31 % 2.85 % 2.54 % 2.61 %

Small Business Administration loan pools(1) 

Amortized cost $ $ 9 $ 84 $ 124,924 $ 125,017 

Estimated fair value $ $ 10 $ 81 $ 124,687 $ 124,778 

Weighted average yield(2) % 4.90 % 4.10 % 4.87 % 4.87 %

Corporate bonds(1) 

Amortized cost $ $ 143 $ 9,597 $ $ 9,740 

Estimated fair value $ $ 140 $ 8,392 $ $ 8,532 

Weighted average yield(2) % 4.15 % 5.70 % % 5.68 %

Total available-for-sale securities 

Amortized cost $ 5,485 $ 6,116 $ 66,526 $ 751,260 $ 829,387 

Estimated fair value $ 5,497 $ 6,029 $ 64,740 $ 690,387 $ 766,653 

Weighted average yield(2) 5.43 % 3.75 % 3.25 % 3.34 % 3.35 %

(1) Actual
maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the rights to
call or prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties.

(2) Yields
are calculated based on amortized cost using a 30/360 day basis. Tax-exempt securities are
not tax effected.

Equity Securities

Equity securities
consist of $7.5 million of private equity investments. Equity securities are included in other assets on the consolidated statements
of financial condition. No impairment was recorded on these investments during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 or 2022.

25

The following is
a summary of the recorded fair value and the unrealized and realized gains and losses recognized in net income on equity securities:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Net gains (losses) recognized during the reporting period on equity securities $ 21 $ 132 $ (181 )

Less: net gains (losses) recognized during the period on equity securities sold during the period 18 93 (181 )

Unrealized gain recognized during the reporting period on equity securities still held at the reporting date $ 3 $ 39 $ 

Note 4: Loans
and Allowance for Credit Losses

The table below
shows the loan portfolio composition including carrying value by segment as of the dates shown. The carrying value of loans is net of
discounts, fees, costs and fair value marks of $23 million and $25 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

As of December 31, 

2024 2023 

Amount % of Loans Amount % of Loans 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial $ 2,164,478 34 % $ 2,160,212 35 %

Energy 319,207 5 214,218 3 

Commercial real estate - owner-occupied 551,518 9 566,253 9 

Commercial real estate - non-owner-occupied 2,722,885 44 2,685,534 44 

Residential real estate 479,301 8 464,095 8 

Consumer 20,874 37,378 1 

Loans, net of unearned fees 6,258,263 100 % 6,127,690 100 %

Less: Allowance for credit losses on loans (78,962 ) (73,462 ) 

Loans, net of the allowance for credit losses on loans $ 6,179,301 $ 6,054,228 

Accrued interest
of $29 million and $30 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, presented in interest receivable on the
consolidated statements of financial condition is excluded from the amortized cost basis disclosed in the above table.

The Company aggregates
the loan portfolio by similar credit risk characteristics. Additionally, the Company uses a series of grades which reflect its assessment
of the credit quality of loans based on an analysis of the borrower's financial condition, liquidity and ability to meet contractual
debt service requirements. The loan segments and loan risk ratings are described within Note 1: Nature of Operations and Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies.

26

The following tables
present the credit risk profile of the Companys loan portfolio based on an internal rating category and loan segments:

As of December 31, 2024 

Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year and Internal Risk Rating Amortized Cost Basis 

2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 and
Prior Revolving

Loans Revolving

Loans

Converted

to Term

Loans Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial 

Pass $ 394,171 $ 198,324 $ 172,058 $ 112,924 $ 29,519 $ 7,080 $ 1,021,762 $ 72,899 $ 2,008,737 

Special mention 873 11,099 12,281 14,416 11 41,026 1,357 81,063 

Substandard - accrual 7,799 11,738 50 4,902 137 1,635 16,310 4,951 47,522 

Substandard - non-accrual 880 647 262 448 9,205 11,594 23,036 

Doubtful 2,265 1,855 4,120 

Loss 

Total $ 402,843 $ 222,041 $ 185,036 $ 132,504 $ 29,656 $ 9,174 $ 1,090,568 $ 92,656 $ 2,164,478 

Energy 

Pass $ 7,704 $ $ $ $ $ $ 310,707 $ 796 $ 319,207 

Special mention 

Substandard - accrual 

Substandard - non-accrual 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total $ 7,704 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 310,707 $ 796 $ 319,207 

Commercial real estate - owner-occupied 

Pass $ 65,381 $ 57,564 $ 94,467 $ 98,647 $ 56,942 $ 58,984 $ 47,563 $ 41,286 $ 520,834 

Special mention 1,437 548 5,178 9,567 1,703 2,593 555 21,581 

Substandard - accrual 36 3,802 1,432 1,610 2,223 9,103 

Substandard - non-accrual 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total $ 66,854 $ 61,914 $ 101,077 $ 108,214 $ 60,255 $ 61,577 $ 47,563 $ 44,064 $ 551,518 

Commercial real estate - non-owner-occupied 

Pass $ 365,512 $ 261,684 $ 638,573 $ 182,674 $ 100,788 $ 72,557 $ 857,811 $ 170,118 $ 2,649,717 

Special mention 19,310 19,453 12,909 180 21,025 72,877 

Substandard - accrual 291 291 

Substandard - non-accrual 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total $ 384,822 $ 261,684 $ 658,026 $ 195,583 $ 100,788 $ 73,028 $ 878,836 $ 170,118 $ 2,722,885 

Residential real estate 

Pass $ 34,547 $ 45,603 $ 91,651 $ 71,830 $ 95,274 $ 87,320 $ 39,970 $ $ 466,195 

Special mention 4,122 472 1,609 6,203 

Substandard - accrual 1,363 24 1,773 3,485 6,645 

Substandard - non-accrual 92 166 258 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total $ 34,639 $ 49,725 $ 92,123 $ 74,802 $ 95,298 $ 89,093 $ 43,455 $ 166 $ 479,301 

Consumer 

Pass $ 2,422 $ 3,283 $ 3,483 $ 187 $ 22 $ 48 $ 11,196 $ $ 20,641 

Special mention 150 150 

Substandard - accrual 19 14 50 83 

Substandard - non-accrual 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total $ 2,422 $ 3,283 $ 3,483 $ 206 $ 36 $ 48 $ 11,396 $ - $ 20,874 

Total 

Pass $ 869,737 $ 566,458 $ 1,000,232 $ 466,262 $ 282,545 $ 225,989 $ 2,289,009 $ 285,099 $ 5,985,331 

Special mention 21,620 15,769 37,384 38,501 1,703 2,784 62,201 1,912 181,874 

Substandard - accrual 7,835 15,540 1,482 6,284 1,785 3,699 19,845 7,174 63,644 

Substandard - non-accrual 92 880 647 262 448 9,205 11,760 23,294 

Doubtful 2,265 1,855 4,120 

Loss 

Total $ 899,284 $ 598,647 $ 1,039,745 $ 511,309 $ 286,033 $ 232,920 $ 2,382,525 $ 307,800 $ 6,258,263 

27

As of December 31, 2023 

Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year and Internal Risk Rating Amortized Cost Basis 

2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 and Prior Revolving Loans Revolving

Loans

Converted

to Term

Loans Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial 

Pass $ 379,360 $ 258,182 $ 193,302 $ 54,901 $ 38,762 $ 18,801 $ 1,061,365 $ 53,015 $ 2,057,688 

Special mention 2,442 925 6,000 2,674 1,460 26 9,748 3,175 26,450 

Substandard - accrual 12,655 1,877 5,101 238 598 815 28,652 16,831 66,767 

Substandard - non-accrual 266 24 6,848 178 7,316 

Doubtful 1,991 1,991 

Loss 

Total $ 394,457 $ 260,984 $ 204,669 $ 57,837 $ 40,820 $ 19,642 $ 1,108,604 $ 73,199 $ 2,160,212 

Energy 

Pass $ 4,581 $ 6,868 $ $ 156 $ $ $ 202,218 $ 107 $ 213,930 

Special mention 

Substandard - accrual 

Substandard - non-accrual 

Doubtful 288 288 

Loss 

Total $ 4,581 $ 6,868 $ $ 156 $ $ $ 202,506 $ 107 $ 214,218 

Commercial real estate - owner-occupied 

Pass $ 56,236 $ 92,148 $ 119,684 $ 62,072 $ 49,992 $ 32,936 $ 76,782 $ 36,263 $ 526,113 

Special mention 10,095 6,798 8,522 1,747 793 2,448 576 30,979 

Substandard - accrual 2,977 1,635 770 2,047 1,528 8,957 

Substandard - non-accrual 204 204 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total $ 69,308 $ 98,946 $ 128,410 $ 65,454 $ 51,555 $ 37,431 $ 76,782 $ 38,367 $ 566,253 

Commercial real estate - non-owner-occupied 

Pass $ 477,238 $ 842,755 $ 242,405 $ 161,845 $ 65,540 $ 50,062 $ 626,998 $ 145,621 $ 2,612,464 

Special mention 18,939 7,331 17,208 4,052 47,530 

Substandard - accrual 10,341 2,396 3,626 298 439 17,100 

Substandard - non-accrual 713 6,029 1,698 8,440 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total $ 487,579 $ 862,407 $ 258,161 $ 167,169 $ 82,748 $ 54,412 $ 626,998 $ 146,060 $ 2,685,534 

Residential real estate 

Pass $ 37,676 $ 86,919 $ 82,390 $ 110,853 $ 36,589 $ 62,288 $ 37,619 $ $ 454,334 

Special mention 813 3,519 176 4,508 

Substandard - accrual 253 1,317 3,125 203 176 5,074 

Substandard - non-accrual 179 179 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total $ 37,929 $ 87,732 $ 87,226 $ 114,154 $ 36,792 $ 62,288 $ 37,795 $ 179 $ 464,095 

Consumer 

Pass $ 11,591 $ 6,004 $ 462 $ 54 $ 221 $ 25 $ 18,960 $ $ 37,317 

Special mention 5 5 

Substandard - accrual 23 23 

Substandard - non-accrual 33 33 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total $ 11,591 $ 6,037 $ 462 $ 77 $ 221 $ 30 $ 18,960 $ $ 37,378 

Total 

Pass $ 966,682 $ 1,292,876 $ 638,243 $ 389,881 $ 191,104 $ 164,112 $ 2,023,942 $ 235,006 $ 5,901,846 

Special mention 12,537 27,475 25,372 4,597 19,461 6,531 9,748 3,751 109,472 

Substandard - accrual 26,226 1,877 8,814 8,647 1,571 3,160 28,828 18,798 97,921 

Substandard - non-accrual 746 6,499 1,722 6,848 357 16,172 

Doubtful 2,279 2,279 

Loss 

Total $ 1,005,445 $ 1,322,974 $ 678,928 $ 404,847 $ 212,136 $ 173,803 $ 2,071,645 $ 257,912 $ 6,127,690 

28

The
following tables present the Companys loan portfolio aging analysis as of December 31,
2024 and 2023:

As
of December 31, 2024 

Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year and Past Due Status Amortized Cost Basis 

Revolving loans 

2019 and converted to 

2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Revolving loans term loans Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial 

30-59 days $ 173 $ 73 $ 138 $ 43 $ - $ - $ 3,350 $ 359 $ 4,136 

60-89 days - - 42 55 - - 5,260 - 5,357 

Greater
than 90 days - 861 400 262 - 448 6,938 1,855 10,764 

Total past due 173 934 580 360 - 448 15,548 2,214 20,257 

Current 402,670 221,107 184,456 132,144 29,656 8,726 1,075,020 90,442 2,144,221 

Total $ 402,843 $ 222,041 $ 185,036 $ 132,504 $ 29,656 $ 9,174 $ 1,090,568 $ 92,656 $ 2,164,478 

Greater than 90 days and accruing $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 150 $ - $ 150 

Energy 

30-59 days $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - 

60-89 days - - - - - - - - - 

Greater
than 90 days - - - - - - - - - 

Total past due - - - - - - - - - 

Current 7,704 - - - - - 310,707 796 319,207 

Total $ 7,704 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 310,707 $ 796 $ 319,207 

Greater than 90 days and accruing $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - 

Commercial real estate -
owner-occupied 

30-59 days $ - $ - $ 34 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 34 

60-89 days - 2,977 - - - - - 1,528 4,505 

Greater
than 90 days - - - - - - - - - 

Total past due - 2,977 34 - - - - 1,528 4,539 

Current 66,854 58,937 101,043 108,214 60,255 61,577 47,563 42,536 546,979 

Total $ 66,854 $ 61,914 $ 101,077 $ 108,214 $ 60,255 $ 61,577 $ 47,563 $ 44,064 $ 551,518 

Greater than 90 days and accruing $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - 

Commercial real estate -
non-owner-occupied 

30-59 days $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - 

60-89 days - - - - - - - - - 

Greater
than 90 days 77 - - - - - - - 77 

Total past due 77 - - - - - - - 77 

Current 384,745 261,684 658,026 195,583 100,788 73,028 878,836 170,118 2,722,808 

Total $ 384,822 $ 261,684 $ 658,026 $ 195,583 $ 100,788 $ 73,028 $ 878,836 $ 170,118 $ 2,722,885 

Greater than 90 days and accruing $ 77 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 77 

Residential real estate 

30-59 days $ 139 $ - $ 32 $ - $ - $ - $ 176 $ - $ 347 

60-89 days - - 43 - - 15 - - 58 

Greater
than 90 days 92 - - 1,363 24 1,773 3,380 - 6,632 

Total past due 231 - 75 1,363 24 1,788 3,556 - 7,037 

Current 34,408 49,725 92,048 73,439 95,274 87,305 39,899 166 472,264 

Total $ 34,639 $ 49,725 $ 92,123 $ 74,802 $ 95,298 $ 89,093 $ 43,455 $ 166 $ 479,301 

Greater than 90 days and accruing $ - $ - $ - $ 1,363 $ 24 $ 1,773 $ 3,380 $ - $ 6,540 

Consumer 

30-59 days $ - $ - $ 8 $ - $ - $ - $ 54 $ - $ 62 

60-89 days - - 2,216 19 - - - - 2,235 

Greater
than 90 days - - - - - - 50 - 50 

Total past due - - 2,224 19 - - 104 - 2,347 

Current 2,422 3,283 1,259 187 36 48 11,292 - 18,527 

Total $ 2,422 $ 3,283 $ 3,483 $ 206 $ 36 $ 48 $ 11,396 $ - $ 20,874 

Greater than 90 days and accruing $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 50 $ - $ 50 

Total 

30-59 days $ 312 $ 73 $ 212 $ 43 $ - $ - $ 3,580 $ 359 $ 4,579 

60-89 days - 2,977 2,301 74 - 15 5,260 1,528 12,155 

Greater
than 90 days 169 861 400 1,625 24 2,221 10,368 1,855 17,523 

Total past due 481 3,911 2,913 1,742 24 2,236 19,208 3,742 34,257 

Current 898,803 594,736 1,036,832 509,567 286,009 230,684 2,363,317 304,058 6,224,006 

Total $ 899,284 $ 598,647 $ 1,039,745 $ 511,309 $ 286,033 $ 232,920 $ 2,382,525 $ 307,800 $ 6,258,263 

Greater than 90 days and accruing $ 77 $ - $ - $ 1,363 $ 24 $ 1,773 $ 3,580 $ - $ 6,817 

29

As
of December 31, 2023 

Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year and Past Due Status Amortized Cost Basis 

Revolving loans 

2018 and Revolving converted to 

2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior loans term loans Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial 

30-59 days $ 250 $ 178 $ $ 81 $ $ 136 $ 158 $ 151 $ 954 

60-89 days 

Greater
than 90 days 30 28 347 24 199 10,800 2,376 13,804 

Total past due 280 206 347 105 199 136 10,958 2,527 14,758 

Current 394,177 260,778 204,322 57,732 40,621 19,506 1,097,646 70,672 2,145,454 

Total $ 394,457 $ 260,984 $ 204,669 $ 57,837 $ 40,820 $ 19,642 $ 1,108,604 $ 73,199 $ 2,160,212 

Greater than 90 days and accruing $ 30 $ 28 $ 81 $ $ 199 $ $ 2,000 $ 2,199 $ 4,537 

Energy 

30-59 days $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 30 $ $ 30 

60-89 days 

Greater
than 90 days 288 288 

Total past due 318 318 

Current 4,581 6,868 156 202,188 107 213,900 

Total $ 4,581 $ 6,868 $ $ 156 $ $ $ 202,506 $ 107 $ 214,218 

Greater than 90 days and accruing $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 

Commercial real estate -
owner-occupied 

30-59 days $ $ $ $ 371 $ $ 71 $ $ $ 442 

60-89 days 

Greater
than 90 days 204 204 

Total past due 204 371 71 646 

Current 69,308 98,946 128,206 65,083 51,555 37,360 76,782 38,367 565,607 

Total $ 69,308 $ 98,946 $ 128,410 $ 65,454 $ 51,555 $ 37,431 $ 76,782 $ 38,367 $ 566,253 

Greater than 90 days and accruing $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 

Commercial real estate -
non-owner-occupied 

30-59 days $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 

60-89 days 

Greater
than 90 days 713 6,029 1,698 307 8,747 

Total past due 713 6,029 1,698 307 8,747 

Current 487,579 861,694 252,132 165,471 82,748 54,105 626,998 146,060 2,676,787 

Total $ 487,579 $ 862,407 $ 258,161 $ 167,169 $ 82,748 $ 54,412 $ 626,998 $ 146,060 $ 2,685,534 

Greater than 90 days and accruing $ $ $ $ $ $ 307 $ $ $ 307 

Residential real estate 

30-59 days $ $ 6 $ $ 137 $ $ $ $ $ 143 

60-89 days 

Greater
than 90 days 1,317 176 1,493 

Total past due 6 1,317 137 176 1,636 

Current 37,929 87,726 85,909 114,017 36,792 62,288 37,619 179 462,459 

Total $ 37,929 $ 87,732 $ 87,226 $ 114,154 $ 36,792 $ 62,288 $ 37,795 $ 179 $ 464,095 

Greater than 90 days and accruing $ $ $ 1,317 $ $ $ $ 176 $ $ 1,493 

Consumer 

30-59 days $ $ 219 $ 40 $ $ $ $ 200 $ $ 459 

60-89 days 

Greater
than 90 days 35 35 

Total past due 254 40 200 494 

Current 11,591 5,783 422 77 221 30 18,760 36,884 

Total $ 11,591 $ 6,037 $ 462 $ 77 $ 221 $ 30 $ 18,960 $ $ 37,378 

Greater than 90 days and accruing $ $ 2 $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 2 

Total 

30-59 days $ 250 $ 403 $ 40 $ 589 $ $ 207 $ 388 $ 151 $ 2,028 

60-89 days 

Greater
than 90 days 30 776 7,897 1,722 199 307 11,264 2,376 24,571 

Total past due 280 1,179 7,937 2,311 199 514 11,652 2,527 26,599 

Current 1,005,165 1,321,795 670,991 402,536 211,937 173,289 2,059,993 255,385 6,101,091 

Total $ 1,005,445 $ 1,322,974 $ 678,928 $ 404,847 $ 212,136 $ 173,803 $ 2,071,645 $ 257,912 $ 6,127,690 

Greater than 90 days and accruing $ 30 $ 30 $ 1,398 $ $ 199 $ 307 $ 2,176 $ 2,199 $ 6,339 

30

Non-accrual loans
are loans for which the Company does not record interest income. The accrual of interest on loans is discontinued at the time the loan
is 90 days past due unless the credit is well secured and in process of collection. Past due status is based on contractual terms
of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on non-accrual or charged off at an earlier date, if collection of principal or interest
is considered doubtful. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought
current and future payments are reasonably assured. The following tables present the Companys non-accrual loans by loan segments
at December 31, 2024 and 2023:

As
of December 31, 2024

Amortized
Cost Basis by Origination Year Amortized
Cost Basis 

Revolving Non-accrual 

loans Loans with 

2019 and Revolving converted Total Non- no related 

2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior loans to term loans accrual Loans Allowance 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial $ $ 880 $ 647 $ 262 $ $ 448 $ 11,470 $ 13,449 $ 27,156 $ 4,373 

Energy 

Commercial real estate - owner-occupied 

Commercial real estate - non-owner-occupied 

Residential real estate 92 166 258 

Consumer 

Total $ 92 $ 880 $ 647 $ 262 $ $ 448 $ 11,470 $ 13,615 $ 27,414 $ 4,373 

As
of December 31, 2023

Amortized
Cost Basis by Origination Year Amortized
Cost Basis 

Revolving Non-accrual 

loans Loans with 

2018 and Revolving converted Total Non- no related 

2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior loans to term loans accrual Loans Allowance 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial $ $ $ 266 $ 24 $ $ $ 8,839 $ 178 $ 9,307 $ 6,198 

Energy 288 288 288 

Commercial real estate - owner-occupied 204 204 204 

Commercial real estate - non-owner-occupied 713 6,029 1,698 8,440 1,698 

Residential real estate 179 179 179 

Consumer 33 33 33 

Total $ $ 746 $ 6,499 $ 1,722 $ $ $ 9,127 $ 357 $ 18,451 $ 8,600 

Interest income
recognized on non-accrual loans was zero for both the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

Allowance for Credit Losses

The
Companys CECL committee meets at least quarterly to oversee the ACL methodology. The committee estimates the ACL using relevant
available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable
forecasts. The ACL represents the Companys current estimate of lifetime credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the statement
of financial condition date. The ACL is adjusted for expected prepayments when appropriate and excludes expected extensions, renewals,
and modifications.

The ACL is the sum
of three components: (i) asset specific / individual loan reserves; (ii) quantitative (formulaic or pooled) reserves; and (iii) qualitative
(judgmental) reserves. The components are described within Note 1: Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.

31

The following tables
present the activity in the allowance for credit losses and allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures by loan
segment for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:

For
the Year Ended December 31, 2024 

Commercial Commercial 

Real Estate Real Estate 

Commercial Owner- Non-owner- Residential 

and
Industrial Energy Occupied Occupied Real
Estate Consumer Total 

(Dollars
in thousands) 

Allowance for Credit Losses: 

Beginning balance $ 32,244 $ 3,143 $ 6,445 $ 28,130 $ 3,456 $ 44 $ 73,462 

Charge-offs (5,524 ) (1,420 ) (13 ) (6,957 )

Recoveries 694 288 4 259 1,245 

Provision
(release) 8,103 1,040 (783 ) 3,292 (608 ) 168 11,212 

Ending balance $ 35,517 $ 4,471 $ 5,662 $ 30,006 $ 3,107 $ 199 $ 78,962 

Allowance for Credit Losses
on Off-Balance Sheet Credit Exposures: 

Beginning balance $ 954 $ 149 $ 125 $ 5,096 $ 89 $ $ 6,413 

Provision (release) 1,244 (149 ) 9 (1,225 ) (15 ) 36 (100 )

Loss
on standby letter of credit (632 ) (632 )

Ending balance $ 1,566 $ $ 134 $ 3,871 $ 74 $ 36 $ 5,681 

For
the Year Ended December 31, 2023 

Commercial Commercial 

Real Estate Real Estate 

Commercial Owner- Non-owner- Residential 

and
Industrial Energy Occupied Occupied Real
Estate Consumer Total 

(Dollars
in thousands) 

Allowance for Credit Losses: 

Beginning balance $ 26,803 $ 4,396 $ 5,214 $ 21,880 $ 3,333 $ 149 $ 61,775 

PCD allowance
for credit loss at acquisition 51 61 217 329 

Charge-offs (5,703 ) (6 ) (5,709 )

Recoveries 164 139 303 

Provision
(release) 10,871 (1,392 ) 976 5,390 118 (99 ) 15,864 

Day
1 CECL provision expense 58 194 643 5 900 

Ending balance $ 32,244 $ 3,143 $ 6,445 $ 28,130 $ 3,456 $ 44 $ 73,462 

Allowance for Credit Losses
on Off-Balance Sheet Credit Exposures: 

Beginning balance $ 319 $ 787 $ 221 $ 7,323 $ 35 $ 3 $ 8,688 

Provision
(release) 635 (638 ) (96 ) (2,227 ) 54 (3 ) (2,275 )

Ending balance $ 954 $ 149 $ 125 $ 5,096 $ 89 $ $ 6,413 

The
ACL balance increased $5.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2024 and included provision of $11.2 million due to loan growth,
changes in credit quality, economic factors and an increase in specific reserves. Net charge-offs were $5.7 million, primarily related
to six commercial and industrial loans, one commercial real estate non-owner-occupied loan and one credit card account. The reserve
on unfunded commitments decreased $0.7 million due to a decrease in unfunded commitments and a loss on a standby letter of credit that
was previously reserved.

32

The following tables
present the Companys gross charge-offs by year of origination for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:

For the Year Ended December 31, 2024 

Gross Charge-offs by Origination Year Gross Charge-offs 

Revolving 

loans 

converted Gross 

2019 and Revolving to term Charge- 

2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior loans loans offs 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial $ $ 1,256 $ 44 $ $ 24 $ $ 4,022 $ 178 $ 5,524 

Energy 

Commercial real estate - owner-occupied 

Commercial real estate - non-owner-occupied 209 1,211 1,420 

Residential real estate 

Consumer 13 13 

Total $ $ 1,256 $ 266 $ $ 24 $ $ 4,022 $ 1,389 $ 6,957 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 

Gross Charge-offs by Origination Year Gross Charge-offs 

Revolving 

loans 

converted Gross 

2018 and Revolving to term Charge- 

2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior loans loans offs 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial $ 581 $ 7 $ 72 $ $ $ 1,358 $ 3,165 $ 520 $ 5,703 

Energy 

Commercial real estate - owner-occupied 

Commercial real estate - non-owner-occupied 

Residential real estate 

Consumer 1 5 6 

Total $ 581 $ 8 $ 72 $ $ $ 1,363 $ 3,165 $ 520 $ 5,709 

33

Collateral Dependent Loans

Collateral dependent
loans are loans for which the repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral and
the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. The following tables present the amortized cost balance of loans considered collateral
dependent by loan segment and collateral type as of December 31, 2024 and 2023:

As
of December 31, 2024

Amortized Cost
of 

Collateral 

Amortized Cost
of Related Allowance Dependent Loans 

Collateral for with no related 

Loan Segment
and Collateral Description Dependent Loans Credit Losses Allowance 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial 

All
business assets $ 4,920 $ 153 $ 4,373 

Energy 

Oil and natural
gas properties 

Commercial real estate
- owner-occupied 

Commercial
real estate properties 

Commercial real estate
- non-owner-occupied 

Commercial
real estate properties 

Residential real estate 

Residential
real estate properties 

Consumer 

Vehicles &
other personal assets 

$ 4,920 $ 153 $ 4,373 

As
of December 31, 2023

Amortized Cost of 

Collateral 

Amortized Cost
of Related Allowance Dependent Loans 

Collateral for with no related 

Loan Segment
and Collateral Description Dependent Loans Credit Losses Allowance 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial 

All
business assets $ 9,308 $ 1,392 $ 6,198 

Energy 

Oil and natural
gas properties 288 288 

Commercial real estate
- owner-occupied 

Commercial
real estate properties 204 204 

Commercial real estate
- non-owner-occupied 

Commercial
real estate properties 8,440 571 1,698 

Residential real estate 

Residential
real estate properties 179 179 

Consumer 

Vehicles &
other personal assets 

$ 18,419 $ 1,963 $ 8,567 

Loan Modifications

The Company considers
loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties to be troubled loans. Modifications of these loans requires an entity to evaluate
whether the loan modifications represent a new loan or a continuation of an existing loan. Such troubled debt modifications (TDM)
may include principal forgiveness, interest rate reductions, other-than-insignificant-payment delays, term extensions or any combination
thereof.

34

During the years
ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company modified 14 and eight loans, respectively, to facilitate repayment that are considered
TDMs. The modified loans have an amortized cost basis of $15.0 million and $10.2 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. The following tables present, by loan segment, the amortized cost basis as of the date shown for modified loans to borrowers
experiencing financial difficulty:

December 31, 2024 

Term
Extension Payment
Delay Combination
- Term

Extension and 

Payment Delay Combination
- Term

Extension, Payment

Delay and Interest

Rate Reduction 

Amortized
Cost Basis %
of 

Loan 

Class Amortized
Cost Basis %
of 

Loan 

Class Amortized
Cost Basis %
of 

Loan 

Class Amortized
Cost Basis %
of Loan Class 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial $ 2,454 0.11 % $ 4,891 0.23 % $ 848 0.04 % $ 1,813 0.08 %

Commercial real estate - owner-occupied 4,924 0.89 

Residential
real estate 92 0.02 

Total
Loans $ 2,546 $ 9,815 $ 848 $ 1,813 

December 31, 2023 

Term
Extension 

Amortized
Cost

Basis %
of Loan Class 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial $ 5,384 0.25 %

Commercial real estate - owner-occupied 4,568 0.81 

Residential
real estate 253 0.05 

Total
Loans $ 10,205 

The following schedules
present the payment status, by loan segment, as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, of the amortized cost basis of loans that have been
modified in the prior 12 months:

Balance at December 31, 2024 

30-59 Days 60-89 Days Greater than 90 Total 

Current Past Due Past Due Days Past Due Past Due 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial $ 7,553 $ 598 $ $ 1,855 $ 2,453 

Commercial real estate - owner-occupied 419 4,505 4,505 

Residential real estate 92 92 

Total Loans $ 7,972 $ 598 $ 4,505 $ 1,947 $ 7,050 

Balance at December 31, 2023 

30-59 Days 60-89 Days Greater than 90 Total 

Current Past Due Past Due Days Past Due Past Due 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial $ 5,384 $ $ $ $ 

Commercial real estate - owner-occupied 4,568 

Residential real estate 253 

Total Loans $ 10,205 $ $ $ $ 

The
Company had two and no TDMs that were modified and had defaulted on their modified terms at
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For purposes of this disclosure, the Company considers default to mean 90
days or more past due on principal or interest. The allowance for credit losses related to TDMs on non-accrual status is determined by
individual evaluation, including collateral adequacy, using the same process as loans on non-accrual status which are not classified
as TDMs.

35

The following schedules
present the financial effect of the modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty as of the dates shown:

December 31, 2024

Financial
Effect

Term
Extension Payment
Delay Combination
- Term Extension and Payment Delay Combination
- Term Extension, Payment Delay and Interest Rate Reduction

Commercial and industrial Added a weighted average of 0.7 years to the life of
loan, which reduced monthly payment amounts Delayed payments for a weighted average of 0.6 years Added a weighted average of 2.3 years to the life
of loan, which reduced monthly payment amounts and delayed payments for a weighted average of 0.4 years Added a weighted average of 9.0 years to the life
of loan, which reduced monthly payment amounts, delayed payments for a weighted average of 9.0 years and reduced weighted
average interest rate by 1.5%

Commercial real estate - owner-occupied Delayed payments for a weighted average of 0.5 years 

Residential real estate Added a weighted average of 0.2 years to the life of
loan, which reduced monthly payment amounts 

December 31, 2023

Financial
Effect

Term
Extension

Commercial and industrial Added a weighted average
of 1.2 years to the life of loan, which reduced monthly payment amounts

Commercial real estate
- owner-occupied Added a weighted average
of 0.5 years to the life of loan, which reduced monthly payment amounts

Residential real estate Added a weighted average of 0.3 years to the life of
loan, which reduced monthly payment amounts

Allowance for Credit Losses on Off-Balance
Sheet Credit Exposures

The Company estimates
expected credit losses for off-balance sheet credit exposures unless the obligation is unconditionally cancellable by the Company. The
ACL on off-balance sheet credit exposures is adjusted as a provision (release) for credit loss expense. The estimate is calculated for
each loan segment and includes consideration of the likelihood that funding will occur and an estimate of the expected credit losses
on commitments expected to be funded over its estimated life. For each pool of contractual obligations expected to be funded, the Company
uses the reserve rate established for the related loan pools. The $5.7 million and $6.4 million allowance for credit losses on off-balance
sheet credit exposures at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are included in interest payable and other liabilities
on the statements of financial condition.

36

The following categories of off-balance
sheet credit exposures have been identified:

Loan
commitments include revolving lines of credit, non-revolving lines of credit,
and loans approved that are not yet funded. Risks inherent to revolving lines of credit often
are related to the susceptibility of an individual or business experiencing unpredictable
cash flow or financial troubles, thus leading to payment default. The primary risk associated
with non-revolving lines of credit is the diversion of funds for other expenditures.

Standby
letters of credit are primarily established to provide assurance to the
beneficiary that the applicant will perform certain obligations arising out of a separate
transaction between the beneficiary and applicant. If the obligation is not met, it gives
the beneficiary the right to draw on the letter of credit.

Note 5: Premises
and Equipment

Major classifications
of premises and equipment, stated at cost, are as follows:

As of December 31, 

2024 2023 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Land $ 8,644 $ 8,689 

Building and improvements 70,905 69,320 

Furniture and fixtures 16,023 15,797 

Equipment 14,329 13,278 

Construction in progress 990 1,252 

Premises and equipment 110,891 108,336 

Less: accumulated depreciation 42,343 37,467 

Premises and equipment, net $ 68,548 $ 70,869 

The Company recorded
$5.1 million, $4.9 million and $4.7 million of depreciation expense during 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as a component of other
non-interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations.

Note 6: Leases

The
Companys leases primarily include bank branches located in Kansas City, Missouri; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Tulsa, Oklahoma; Dallas,
Texas; Frisco, Texas; Fort Worth, Texas; Phoenix, Arizona; Denver, Colorado and Colorado Springs, Colorado.
The remaining terms on these branch leases range from less than one year to 17 years with certain options to renew. Renewal terms can
extend the lease terms between five years and 20 years. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Companys sole
discretion. When it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise its option to renew or extend the lease term, that option is
included in the estimated value of the right of use (ROU) asset and lease liability. The Companys lease agreements
do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. As of December 31, 2024, the Company recognized
one finance lease, and the remaining Company leases were classified as operating leases.

The ROU asset is
included in Other assets on the consolidated statements of financial condition, and was $28 million and $30 million at
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Certain adjustments to the ROU asset may be required for items such as initial direct
costs paid or incentives received. The lease liability is located in Interest payable and other liabilities on the consolidated
statements of financial condition and was $32 million and $34 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

As of December 31,
2024, the weighted-average remaining lease term was 10 years and the weighted-average discount rate was 2.89% utilizing the Companys
incremental FHLB borrowing rate for borrowings of a similar term at the date of lease commencement.

37

The following table
presents components of operating lease expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31,
2024, 2023 and 2022:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Finance lease amortization of right-of-use asset $ 293 $ 284 $ 231 

Finance lease interest on lease liability 263 271 185 

Operating lease expense 3,485 2,933 2,577 

Variable lease expense 1,347 1,816 1,222 

Short-term lease expense 39 15 20 

Total lease expense $ 5,427 $ 5,319 $ 4,235 

Future minimum lease
payments under operating and finance leases were as follows:

Operating Leases Finance Leases 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2025 $ 3,414 $ 490 

2026 4,118 490 

2027 4,118 528 

2028 3,704 540 

2029 2,669 540 

Thereafter 9,943 7,164 

Total lease payments 27,966 9,752 

Less: imputed interest 2,912 2,580 

Total $ 25,054 $ 7,172 

Supplemental cash flow information

Operating cash flows
paid for operating leases included in the measurement of lease liabilities were $3.7 million, $3.4 million and $3.0 million, respectively,
for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. Operating cash flows paid for finance lease amounts included in the measurement
of lease liabilities were $0.5 million for both years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 and $0.4 million for the year ended December 31,
2022. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded ROU assets in the amount of $1.7 million,
$2.2 million and $23.6 million, respectively, that were exchanged for operating lease liabilities.

Note 7: Goodwill
and Core Deposit Intangible

In connection with
prior acquisitions, the Company recorded goodwill of $14.1 million. No goodwill impairment was recorded during the years ended December 31,
2024 or December 31, 2023.

The Company is amortizing
core deposit intangible (CDI) from prior acquisitions over the estimated useful lives of approximately 10 years from the
date of each respective acquisition using the sum of the years digits accelerated method.

38

The gross carrying
amount of goodwill and the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization of the core deposit intangible at December 31, 2024
and 2023 were:

Gross Carrying Accumulated Net Carrying 

Amount Amortization Amount 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2024 

Goodwill $ 14,135 $ $ 14,135 

Core deposit intangible 21,938 8,307 13,631 

Total goodwill and intangible assets $ 36,073 $ 8,307 $ 27,766 

December 31, 2023 

Goodwill $ 14,135 $ $ 14,135 

Core deposit intangible 21,938 4,738 17,200 

Total goodwill and intangible assets $ 36,073 $ 4,738 $ 31,335 

The estimated aggregate
future amortization expense over the next five years for the core deposit intangible is as follows at December 31, 2024:

(Dollars in thousands) 

2025 $ 3,155 

2026 2,739 

2027 2,325 

2028 1,909 

2029 1,494 

Note 8: Derivatives and
Hedging Activities

The
Company is exposed to certain risks arising from both its business operations and economic conditions, including interest rate, liquidity,
and credit risk. The Company uses derivative financial instruments as part of its risk management activities to manage exposures that
arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are
determined by interest rates. The Companys existing credit derivatives result from participations
of loan participation arrangements, and therefore, are not used to manage interest rate risk in the Companys assets or liabilities.

Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate
Risk

The Company uses
interest rate derivatives to add stability to interest income and expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish
this objective, the Company may utilize interest rate swaps, including forwards, interest rate caps, floors, collars, corridors and swaptions
as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. During 2024, the Company utilized interest rate swaps and a collar to hedge the
variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate debt and loan assets. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve
the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements
without exchange of the underlying notional amount. Interest rate collars designated as cash flow hedges involve payments of variable-rate
amounts if interest rates rise above the cap strike rate on the contract and the receipt of variable-rate amounts if interest rates fall
below the floor strike rate on the contract. Five swaps that were entered into in 2021 were terminated during the third quarter of 2022,
and the amortization of the gains on these instruments began in 2023 based on the original effective dates of these swaps. During 2024,
two cash flow hedges matured and two cash flow hedges were terminated. Derivatives that qualify as cash flow hedges and are designated
as such include one instrument with a total notional value of $250 million at December 31, 2024, and five instruments with a notional
value of $340 million at December 31, 2023.

For derivatives
that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk and are designed as such, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (AOCI) and subsequently reclassified into interest income or expense in the same period(s) during
which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Amounts reported in AOCI related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest income
and expense as interest payments are received and made on the Companys variable-rate assets and debt. The Company currently estimates
that $1.3 million will be reclassified as a decrease to net interest income during the next twelve months. These reclassifications are
for active hedges, as well as amounts related to five hedged swaps that were terminated in 2022 and the two hedged swaps terminated in
the first quarter of 2024, that continue to be recognized based on the original effective dates of the hedged transactions.

39

The Company is hedging
its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions over a maximum period of 2.0 years.

Non-designated Hedges

Derivatives not
designated as hedges are not speculative and result from a service provided to clients. The Company executes interest rate swaps with
clients to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. Those interest rate swaps are simultaneously hedged by offsetting
derivatives that the Company executes with a third-party, such that the Company minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions.
Interest rate derivatives associated with this program do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements and changes in the fair value
of both the client derivatives and the offsetting derivatives are recognized directly in earnings.

Swap fees earned
upon origination and credit valuation adjustments that represent the risk of a counterpartys default are reported on the consolidated
statements of operations as swap fees and credit valuations adjustments, net. The effect of the Companys derivative financial
instruments gain (loss) is reported on the consolidated statements of cash flows within other assets and other liabilities.

The Company had
50 and 46 swaps outstanding with an aggregate notional amount of $354 million and $307 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

The Companys
existing credit derivatives result from participations in or out of interest rate swaps provided by or to external lenders as part of
loan participation arrangements, and therefore, are not used to manage interest rate risk in the Companys assets or liabilities.
Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and result from a service the Company provides to certain lenders which participate
in loans.

The Company had
16 credit risk participation agreements outstanding with an aggregate notional amount of $112 million at December 31, 2024.

The table below
presents the fair value of the Companys derivative financial instruments and their classification on the consolidated statements
of financial condition as of December 31, 2024 and 2023:

Asset Derivatives Liability Derivatives

Statement of Statement of 

Financial Financial 

Condition December 31, December 31, Condition December 31, December 31, 

Location 2024 2023 Location 2024 2023

(Dollars in thousands)

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:

Interest
rate products Other assets and Interest
receivable $ $ 101 Interest payable and
other liabilities $ 4,745 $ 5,992

Total derivatives designated
as hedging instruments $ $ 101 $ 4,745 $ 5,992

Derivatives not designated as hedging
instruments:

Interest
rate products Other assets and Interest
receivable $ 8,177 $ 7,830 Interest payable and
other liabilities $ 8,207 $ 7,837

Credit risk participation
agreements Other assets 15 Other liabilities 43 

Total derivatives not designated
as hedging instruments $ 8,192 $ 7,830 $ 8,250 $ 7,837

Total $ 8,192 $ 7,931 $ 12,995 $ 13,829

The table below
presents the effect of cash flow hedge accounting on AOCI for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

40

Gain or Gain or 

(Loss) (Loss) 

Gain or Reclassified Reclassified 

Location of Gain or Gain or (Loss) from from 

Gain or (Loss) Gain or (Loss) (Loss) Reclassified Accumulated Accumulated 

Recognized (Loss) Recognized Recognized from OCI into OCI into 

from Recognized in OCI in OCI Accumulated Earnings Earnings 

AOCI into in OCI on Included Excluded OCI into Included Excluded 

Earnings Derivative Component Component Earnings Component Component 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2024

Derivatives
in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 

Interest Rate Products Interest Income $ (3,315 ) $ (3,315 ) $ $ (4,707 ) $ (4,707 ) $ 

Interest
Rate Products Interest Expense 10 10 871 871 

Total $ (3,305 ) $ (3,305 ) $ $ (3,836 ) $ (3,836 ) $ 

Year Ended December 31, 2023 

Derivatives
in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 

Interest Rate Products Interest Income $ (589 ) $ (589 ) $ $ $ $ 

Interest
Rate Products Interest
Expense 209 209 275 275 

Total $ (380 ) $ (380 ) $ $ 275 $ 275 $ 

As of December 31,
2024 and 2023, the Company had minimum collateral thresholds with certain of its derivative counterparties and has paid pledged collateral
of $1.0 million and $1.0, respectively, and received collateral of $1.7 million and $1.5 million, respectively.

Note 9: Foreclosed Assets

Foreclosed asset
activity was as follows:

As of or for the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Beginning balance $ $ 1,130 $ 1,148 

Transfers from loan portfolio, at fair value 5,174 

Advances for cost to complete 966 

Foreclosed asset acquired 157 

Impairments (144 ) (80 ) 

Sales or other proceeds from foreclosed assets (20 ) (1,050 ) (175 )

Ending balance $ 5,976 $ $ 1,130 

For the year ended
December 31, 2024, the Company foreclosed on 10 residential construction lots (related to one former loan), one commercial use facility
and one vehicle. The vehicle was sold during 2024. The Company is advancing funds to complete the buildout of six of the foreclosed residential
construction properties. The remaining four residential construction properties are in the process of being sold and have been written
down to the estimated net proceeds from sale.

For the year ended
December 31, 2023, the Company sold two commercial use facilities foreclosed upon in prior years.

For the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company acquired a foreclosed property as part of the Colorado/New Mexico acquisition and received proceeds
from expired earnest funds on a pre-existing property.

Impairments of foreclosed
assets are reported on the consolidated statements of operations under foreclosed assets, net within non-interest expense.

41

Note 10: Interest-bearing
Time Deposits

Interest-bearing
time deposits in denominations of $250 thousand or more were $548 million and $487 million as of December 31, 2024
and 2023, respectively.

The Company acquires
brokered deposits in the normal course of business. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, brokered deposits of approximately $845 million
and $876 million, respectively, were included in the Companys time deposit balance. Reciprocal deposits, which include The
Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Services (CDARS) discussed below, are treated as core deposits instead of brokered
deposits and are not included in the above amounts.

The Company is a
member of CDARS that allows depositors to receive FDIC insurance on amounts greater than the FDIC insurance limit, which is currently
$250,000. CDARS allows institutions to break large deposits into smaller amounts and place them in a network of other CDARS institutions
to ensure full FDIC insurance is gained on the entire deposit. CDARS totaled approximately $43 million and $42 million as of December 31,
2024 and 2023, respectively.

The scheduled maturities
for time deposits are provided in Note 11: Borrowing Arrangements below.

42

Note 11: Borrowing
Arrangements

The following table
summarizes borrowings at December 31, 2024 and 2023:

As of and For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Maximum Balance Maximum Balance 

at Any at Any 

Balance Rate(7) End of Month Balance Rate(7) End of Month 

Repurchase agreements(1) $ % $ $ % $ 1,557 

Federal funds purchased(2) 20,000 

FHLB advances(3) 76,184 2.06 77,873 77,889 2.06 137,127 

FHLB line of credit(3) 151,601 316,222 

Line of credit(4) 7,500 

SBA secured borrowing(5) 7,080 NA 7,832 7,832 NA 9,396 

Trust preferred security(6) 1,181 6.36 % $ 1,181 1,118 7.39 % $ 1,118 

Total borrowings $ 84,445 $ 86,839 

(1) Repurchase
agreements consist of Bank obligations to other parties payable on demand and generally have
one day maturities. The obligations are collateralized by securities of U.S. government sponsored
enterprises and mortgage-backed securities and such collateral is held by a third-party custodian.
The year-to-date average daily balance was zero and $0.3 million for the years
ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The securities, mortgage-backed government
sponsored residential securities, pledged for client repurchase agreements were zero at both
December 31, 2024 and 2023.

(2) Federal
funds purchased include short-term funds that are borrowed from another bank. The Bank is
part of a third-party service that allows us to borrow amounts from another bank if the bank
has approved us for credit. Federal funds purchased generally have one day maturities.

(3) FHLB
advances and line of credit are collateralized by a blanket floating lien on certain loans
as well as unrestricted securities. FHLB advances are at a fixed rate, ranging from 0.95%
to 2.84%, and are subject to restrictions or penalties in the event of prepayment.

(4) The
line of credit was a general bank line of credit maintained by the Company for short-term
liquidity. The Company terminated the line of credit during 2024.

(5) As
part of an acquisition, the Company acquired certain SBA loans that failed the derecognition
criteria of ASC 860 and therefore are accounted for as secured borrowings. The secured borrowing
was recorded at estimated fair value at the date of acquisition and reduces over time in
connection with the related loan balance.

(6) On
June 30, 2010, the Company assumed a liability with a fair value of $1 million
related to the assumption of trust preferred securities issued by Leawood Bancshares Statutory
Trust I for $4 million on September 30, 2005. In 2012, the Company settled litigation
related to the trust preferred securities which decreased the principal balance by $1.5 million
and the recorded balance by approximately $400 thousand. The difference between the
recorded amount and the contract value of $2.6 million is being accreted to the maturity
date in 2035. Distributions will be paid on each security at a variable annual rate of interest
equal to SOFR, plus 1.74%.

(7) Represents
the year-end weighted average interest rate.

43

The following table
summarizes the Companys other borrowing capacities at December 31, 2024 and 2023:

As of December 31, 

2024 2023 

(Dollars in thousands) 

FHLB borrowing capacity relating to loans $ 525,650 $ 560,999 

FHLB borrowing capacity relating to securities 

Total FHLB borrowing capacity $ 525,650 $ 560,999 

Unused Federal Reserve borrowing capacity $ 820,695 $ 780,588 

The scheduled maturities,
excluding interest, of the Companys borrowings at December 31, 2024 were as follows:

As of December 31, 2024 

Within One One to Two Two to Three Three to Four to Five After Five 

Year Years Years Four Years Years Years Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Time deposits $ 1,900,684 $ 27,851 $ 2,205 $ 910 $ 180 $ 6 $ 1,931,836 

FHLB borrowings 5,100 39,000 26,000 6,084 76,184 

SBA secured borrowing 7,080 7,080 

Trust preferred securities(1) 1,181 1,181 

Total $ 1,905,784 $ 27,851 $ 41,205 $ 26,910 $ 180 $ 14,351 $ 2,016,281 

(1) The
contract value of the trust preferred securities is $2.6 million and is currently being
accreted to the maturity date of 2035.

Note 12: Income
Taxes

The provision for
income taxes includes these components:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Current tax expense $ 22,365 $ 19,526 $ 17,943 

Deferred income tax benefit (1,270 ) (2,086 ) (1,970 )

Income tax expense $ 21,095 $ 17,440 $ 15,973 

An income tax reconciliation
at the statutory rate to the Companys actual income tax expense is shown below:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Computed at the statutory rate (21%) $ 20,925 $ 17,663 $ 16,290 

Increase (decrease) resulting from 

Tax-exempt income (2,485 ) (3,255 ) (3,546 )

Non-deductible expenses 736 421 689 

State income taxes, net of federal benefits 2,425 2,473 2,785 

Stock-based compensation (48 ) 84 (190 )

Other adjustments (458 ) 54 (55 )

Income tax expense $ 21,095 $ 17,440 $ 15,973 

44

The tax effects
of temporary differences related to deferred taxes shown on the consolidated statements of financial condition within other assets are
presented below:

As of December 31, 

2024 2023 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Deferred tax assets 

Net unrealized loss on securities available-for-sale $ 18,491 $ 15,456 

Allowance for credit losses 19,275 18,470 

Lease liability 7,415 7,930 

Loan fees 3,775 3,701 

Accrued expenses 3,979 3,397 

Deferred compensation 2,279 2,334 

Other 2,621 2,818 

Total deferred tax asset 57,835 54,106 

Deferred tax liability 

FHLB stock basis (100 ) (107 )

Premises and equipment (2,898 ) (2,565 )

Right-of-use asset (6,550 ) (7,023 )

Other (521 ) (950 )

Total deferred tax liability (10,069 ) (10,645 )

Net deferred tax asset $ 47,766 $ 43,461 

The Company has
approximately $4.5 million of federal net operating loss carry-forwards, which begin to expire if not used by 2028 and the annual
deduction of these loss carryforwards is subject to various IRC section 382 limitations. The Company fully expects to utilize the net
operating loss carryforwards before they expire.

The Company files
a consolidated federal income tax return and also files income tax returns in various states. All federal and state tax returns after
2020 remain open to examination by applicable tax authorities.

Note 13: Changes
in Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income

Amounts reclassified
from AOCI and the affected line items in the consolidated statements of operations were as follows:

For the Year
Ended December 31, Affected Line Item in the

2024 2023 2022 Statements of Operations

(Dollars in thousands) 

Realized gain (loss) on
available-for-sale securities $ 60 $ (1,127) $ 96 Other non-interest income

Less:
tax expense (benefit) effect 14 (266) 24 Income tax expense

Realized
gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net of income tax 46 (861) 72 

(Loss)
gain on cash flow hedges (4,707) 275 Interest income - Loans

Gain
on cash flow hedges 871 Interest expense - Deposits

Less:
tax (benefit) expense effect (886) 65 Income tax expense

Net
(loss) gain on cash flow hedges, net of tax (2,950) 210 

Total reclassified amount $ (2,904) $ (651) $ 72 

Note 14: Regulatory
Matters

The Company and
the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. The Basel III Capital Rules (Basel
III) were jointly published by three federal banking regulatory agencies. Basel III defines the components of capital, risk weighting
and other issues affecting the numerator and denominator in regulatory capital ratios.

45

Failure to meet
minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken,
could have a direct material effect on the Companys consolidated financial statements. The actions may include dividend payment
restrictions, require the adoption of remedial measures to increase capital, terminate FDIC deposit insurance, and mandate the appointment
of a conservator or receiver in severe cases. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action,
the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain
off-balance sheet items as calculated under GAAP, regulatory reporting requirements and regulatory capital standards. The capital amounts
and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. Furthermore,
the Companys regulators could require adjustments to regulatory capital not reflected in these consolidated financial statements.

Quantitative measures
established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth
in the table below) of total and tier 1 capital (as defined) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), common equity tier 1 capital (as defined)
to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of tier 1 capital (as defined) to average assets (as defined). Management believes, as of December 31,
2024, the Company and the Bank met all applicable capital adequacy requirements.

46

As of December 31,
2024, the most recent notification from the applicable regulatory agencies categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the
regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, the Bank must maintain minimum total
risk-based, tier 1 risk-based, common equity tier 1 risk-based and tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the table below. There are
no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the Banks category. The Companys
and the Banks actual capital amounts and ratios as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 are presented in the following table:

Required to be Considered Required to be Considered 

Actual Well Capitalized Adequately Capitalized(1) 

Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2024 

Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated $ 893,752 12.3 % N/A N/A $ 762,907 10.5 %

Bank 881,809 12.1 $ 726,075 10.0 % 762,379 10.5 

Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 809,239 11.1 N/A N/A 617,591 8.5 

Bank 797,296 11.0 580,860 8.0 617,164 8.5 

Common Equity Tier 1 to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 800,308 11.0 N/A N/A 508,605 7.0 

Bank 797,296 11.0 471,949 6.5 508,253 7.0 

Tier 1 Capital to Average Assets 

Consolidated 809,239 10.6 N/A N/A 305,698 4.0 

Bank $ 797,296 10.4 % $ 382,199 5.0 % $ 305,759 4.0 %

December 31, 2023 

Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated $ 807,018 11.2 % N/A N/A $ 756,285 10.5 %

Bank 800,522 11.1 $ 719,705 10.0 % 755,691 10.5 

Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 727,723 10.1 N/A N/A 612,231 8.5 

Bank 721,227 10.0 575,764 8.0 611,750 8.5 

Common Equity Tier 1 to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 718,855 10.0 N/A N/A 504,190 7.0 

Bank 721,227 10.0 467,809 6.5 503,794 7.0 

Tier 1 Capital to Average Assets 

Consolidated 727,723 10.0 N/A N/A 292,517 4.0 

Bank $ 721,227 9.9 % $ 365,675 5.0 % $ 292,540 4.0 %

(1) Includes
capital conservation buffer of 2.5%.

Note 15: Employee
Benefit Plan

The Company has
a retirement savings 401(k) plan covering substantially all employees. Employees may contribute a portion of their compensation
to the plan. Company contributions to the plan were 100% on the first 5% of employees salary deferral amounts. Additional contributions
are discretionary and are determined annually by the Board of Directors. Company contributions to the plan were $3 million, $2 million
and $2 million for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

Note 16: Revenue
from Contracts with Clients

Except for gains
or losses from the sale of foreclosed assets, the Companys revenue from contracts with clients within the scope of ASC 606 is
recognized in non-interest income. The revenue categories are selected based on the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue
and cash flows. The following presents descriptions of revenue categories within the scope of ASC 606:

47

Service
charges and fees on client accounts - This category consists of monthly fees for the
services rendered on client deposit accounts, including maintenance charges, overdraft fees, and processing fees. The monthly fee
structures are typically based on type of account, volume, and activity. The client is typically billed monthly and pays the bill
from their deposit account. The Company satisfies the performance obligation related to providing depository accounts monthly as
transactions are processed and deposit service charge revenue is recorded.

ATM
and credit card interchange income - This category consists of fees charged for use of
the Companys ATMs, as well as an interchange fee with credit card and debit card service providers. ATM fees and interchange fees
are based on the number of transactions as well as the underlying agreements. Clients are typically billed monthly. The Company
satisfies the performance obligation related to ATM and interchange fees monthly as transactions are processed and revenue is recorded.

International
fees - This category consists of fees earned from foreign exchange transactions and preparation
of international documentation. International fees are based on underlying agreements that describe the Companys performance obligation
and the related fee. Clients are typically billed, and cash is received once the service or transaction is complete. The Company satisfies
the performance obligation related to international fees monthly as transactions are processed and revenue is recorded.

Other
fees - This category consists of numerous, smaller fees such as wire transfer fees, check
cashing fees, and check printing fees. Other fees are typically billed to clients on a monthly basis. Performance obligations for
other fees are satisfied at the time that the service is rendered.

Gain
or loss on foreclosed assets Foreclosed assets are often sold in transactions that
may not be considered a contract with a client because the sale of the asset may not be an output of the Companys ordinary activities.
However, sales of nonfinancial assets, including in-substance nonfinancial assets, should be accounted for in accordance with ASC 610-20,
Other Income-Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets, which requires the Company to apply certain
measurement and recognition concepts of ASC 606. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the sale of a foreclosed asset, along with any associated
gain or loss, when control of the asset transfers to the buyer. For sales of existing assets, this generally will occur at the point
of sale. When the Company finances the sale of the foreclosed asset to the buyer, the Company must assess whether the buyer is committed
to perform their obligations under the contract and whether collectability of the transaction price is probable. Once these criteria
are met, the repossessed asset is derecognized and the gain or loss on sale is recorded upon the transfer of control of the asset to
the buyer.

The following table
disaggregates the non-interest income subject to ASC 606 by category:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Non-interest income subject to ASC 606 

Service charges and fees on client accounts $ 9,101 $ 8,186 $ 6,228 

ATM and credit card interchange income 6,029 5,469 6,523 

International fees 2,138 1,504 1,408 

Other fees 235 323 94 

Total non-interest income from contracts with clients 17,503 15,482 14,253 

Non-interest income not subject to ASC 606 

Other non-interest income 5,640 5,182 3,028 

Total non-interest income $ 23,143 $ 20,664 $ 17,281 

Note 17: Stock-Based
Compensation

The Company issues
stock-based compensation in the form of non-vested restricted stock, restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights under the CrossFirst
Bankshares, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, restated or supplemented, the Omnibus Plan). The
Omnibus Plan will expire on October 25, 2028, unless extended. The aggregate number of shares available for future issuance under
the Omnibus Plan was 1,480,911 shares as of December 31, 2024. The Company will issue new common shares upon exercise or vesting
of stock-based awards.

48

During 2018, awards
issued under the Stock Settled Appreciation Right Plan, Equity Incentive Plan, Employee Equity Incentive Plan and New Market Founder
Plan were assumed under the Omnibus Plan as agreed upon with participants, impacting all participants who agreed to the assumption, and
herein referred to as Legacy Awards. Material terms and conditions of Legacy Awards remain unchanged; therefore, no modification
to their fair market value was required. Going forward, all awards are issued under the Omnibus Plan.

The table below
summarizes stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Stock appreciation rights $ 162 $ 216 $ 325 

Performance-based stock awards 1,228 1,074 774 

Restricted stock units and awards 4,073 3,824 3,200 

Employee stock purchase plan 170 167 118 

Total stock-based compensation $ 5,633 $ 5,281 $ 4,417 

Stock-Settled Appreciation Rights

The Company issues
stock-settled appreciation rights (SSARs) with exercise prices equal to the closing price of the Companys common
shares on the date of grant. SSARs typically vest ratably over seven years of continuous service and have fifteen-year contractual terms
for Legacy Awards and ten-year contractual terms for all other SSARs. The fair value of each SSAR was estimated at the grant date using
a Black-Scholes option pricing model.

A summary of SSAR
activity during 2024 is presented below:

Stock-Settled Appreciation Rights 

Weighted Average 

Weighted Average Remaining 

Units Exercise Price Contractual Term 

Outstanding, January 1, 2024 823,594 $ 10.59 5.67 

Granted 

Exercised (99,965 ) 8.16 

Forfeited (8,571 ) 13.73 

Expired (64,429 ) 14.23 

Outstanding, December 31, 2024 650,629 $ 10.57 5.60 

Exercisable, December 31, 2024 576,633 $ 10.12 5.60 

49

The following table
provides the range of assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model, the weighted average grant date fair value, and information
related to SSARs exercised for the following years, as well as, the remaining compensation cost to be recognized and the period
over which the amount will be recognized as of the dates indicated:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 2022 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Assumptions: 

Expected volatility(1) 42.76 % 44.10% - 45.41% 

Expected dividends(2) 0.00 % 0.00% 

Expected term (in years)(3) 7.00 7.00 - 7.01 

Risk-free rate(4) 4.71 % 2.80% - 3.62% 

Weighted average grant date fair value per share $ $ 5.58 $ 6.86 

Aggregate intrinsic value of SSARs exercised $ 964 $ 1,007 $ 1,578 

Total fair value of SSARs vested during the year $ 182 $ 279 $ 484 

Unrecognized compensation information: 

Unrecognized compensation cost $ 400 $ 622 $ 795 

Period remaining (in years) 3.6 4.4 4.7 

(1) Expected volatility was calculated using
a historical volatility of the Companys stock price since the Companys initial
public offering in August 2019, coupled with those of a peer group of comparable publicly
traded companies prior to the Companys initial public offering, for a period commensurate
with the expected term of the SSARs.

(2) The dividend yield was calculated in accordance
with the Companys dividend policy at the time of grant.

(3) The expected term was estimated to be the
midpoint between the contractual vesting term and time to expiration, in accordance with
the simplified method described in SAB Topic 14.D.2. due to the Companys limited history
of SSAR exercise activity.

(4) The risk-free rate for the expected term
of the SSARs was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve at the date of grant and based on
the expected term.

Performance-Based Awards

The
Company awards performance-based awards generally performance-based restricted stock units (PSUs) to key
officers of the Company. The stock-settled awards are typically granted annually as determined by the Compensation Committee. The PSUs
typically cliff-vest at the end of three years based on attainment of certain performance metrics developed by the Compensation Committee.
The ultimate number of shares issuable under each PSU award is the product of the award target and the award payout percentage given
the level of achievement, ranging from 0% - 150% of the initial target awards. Awards are tied to
two performance metrics, a performance-based cumulative earnings per share (EPS) target and a market-based cumulative total
shareholder return ("TSR") target. The fair value of the EPS target portion of the PSU award was determined based on the closing
price of the Companys common stock on the grant date, while the fair value of the TSR target portion of the PSU award was determined
using a Monte Carlo simulation as of the grant date.

A summary of PSU
activity during 2024 is presented below:

Performance-Based Awards 

Weighted Average 

Number of Shares Grant Date Fair Value 

Unvested, January 1, 2024 232,987 $ 14.38 

Granted 140,928 12.74 

Vested (64,985 ) 12.88 

Forfeited (11,504 ) 13.81 

Adjustment due to performance 19,246 12.88 

Unvested, December 31, 2024 316,672 $ 13.89 

50

Total fair value
of PSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $825 thousand, $298 thousand and $26 thousand, respectively.
Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the performance grants issued through December 31, 2024 was $1.8 million
and is expected to be recognized over 1.8 years.

Service-Based Restricted Stock Units
and Service-Based Restricted Stock Awards

The Company issues
service-based restricted stock units (RSUs) and service-based restricted stock awards (RSAs) to provide additional
incentives to key officers, employees, and non-employee directors. Awards are typically granted annually as determined by the Compensation
Committee. The RSUs granted to key officers and employees typically vest ratably over three years of continuous service. The service-based
RSAs granted to non-employee directors typically cliff-vest after one year of service. The fair value of all RSU and RSA awards was determined
based on the closing price of the Companys common stock on the grant date.

A summary of RSU
and RSA activity during 2024 is presented below:

Restricted Stock Units and Awards 

Weighted Average 

Number of Shares Grant Date Fair Value 

Unvested, January 1, 2024 457,014 $ 13.62 

Granted 381,433 12.91 

Vested (246,227 ) 13.06 

Forfeited (54,211 ) 13.30 

Unvested, December 31, 2024 538,009 $ 13.41 

Total fair value
of RSUs and RSAs vested during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $3.3 million, $3.0 million and $3.3 million,
respectively. Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock grants issued through December 31, 2024
was $3.6 million and is expected to be recognized over 1.6 years.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

The
Company has an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) whereby employees are eligible to purchase common stock at a discounted
price after having met a minimum period of credited service and minimum hours worked. The price an employee pays for shares is 85.0%
of the lesser of the closing price of the Companys common stock on the offering date or the closing price of the Companys
common stock on the last trading date of the offering period. The offering periods are the six-month periods commencing on January 1
and July 1 of each year and ending on June 30 and December 31 of each year. There are no vesting or other restrictions
on the stock purchased by employees under the ESPP.In anticipation of the Merger, the Company suspended
all offering periods commencing after December 31, 2024.

The calculated value
of each unit award is estimated at the start of the offering period using a Black-Scholes option pricing model that used the assumptions
noted in the following table:

For the Year
Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 2022

Assumptions: 

Expected
volatility 28.56%
- 34.05% 26.10%
- 41.72% 24.1%
- 28.00%

Expected
dividends 0.00% 0.00% 0.00%

Expected
term (in years) 0.19
- 0.50 0.50 0.50

Risk-free
rate 4.73%
- 5.37% 4.75%
- 5.53% 0.19%
- 2.52%

Note 18: Stock
Warrants

During
the year ended December 31, 2023, 80,000 fully vested warrants to purchase common stock at
a strike price of $5.00 per share were exercised and cash settled resulting in a reduction to additional paid in capital of $0.4 million.
There were no outstanding warrants as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.

51

Note 19: Stockholders
Equity

The following table
presents the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 2022 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Earnings per Common Share 

Net Income $ 78,546 $ 66,669 $ 61,599 

Less: preferred stock dividends 620 413 

Net income available to common stockholders 77,926 66,256 61,599 

Weighted average common shares 49,437,154 49,010,078 49,489,860 

Earnings per common share $ 1.58 $ 1.35 $ 1.24 

Diluted Earnings per Common Share 

Net Income $ 78,546 $ 66,669 $ 61,599 

Less: preferred stock dividends 620 413 

Net income available to common stockholders 77,926 66,256 61,599 

Weighted average common shares 49,437,154 49,010,078 49,489,860 

Effect of dilutive shares 538,691 329,988 512,194 

Weighted average dilutive common shares 49,975,845 49,340,066 50,002,054 

Diluted earnings per common share $ 1.56 $ 1.34 $ 1.23 

Stock-based awards not included because to do so would be antidilutive 154,523 799,238 523,768 

Preferred stock and dividends

During March 2023,
the Company offered and sold 7,750 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock, for an aggregate purchase price of $7.8 million.

Aggregate dividends
of $620 thousand and $413 thousand related to the Series A Preferred Stock were declared and paid during the years ended December 31,
2024 and 2023, respectively. In February 2025, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred
Stock in the amount of $20.00 per share to be payable on March 17, 2025 to shareholders of record as of February 28, 2025.

Share repurchases

On May 10,
2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up
to $30 million of its common stock. As of December 31, 2024, $11 million remains available for repurchase under this share repurchase
program.

During 2024, the
Company repurchased $4.5 million, representing 349,280 common shares, under the repurchase program. The Company did not purchase any
common stock during 2023.

Note 20: Disclosure about
Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Fair value is the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date. Fair value measurements must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.
There is a hierarchy of three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:

Level
1 Quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities

Level
2 Observable inputs other than Level
1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that
are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

Level
3 Unobservable inputs supported
by little or no market activity and significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.

52

Recurring Measurements

The following list
presents the assets and liabilities recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition measured at fair value
on a recurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall at December 31, 2024
and 2023:

Fair Value Description Valuation

Hierarchy

Level Where Fair Value

Balance Can Be Found

Available-for-sale securities and equity securities Where quoted market prices are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated by using quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or independent asset pricing services and pricing models, the inputs of which are market-based or independently sourced market parameters, including, but not limited to, yield curves, interest rates, volatilities, prepayments, defaults, cumulative loss projections and cash flows. Level 2 Note 3: Securities

Derivatives Fair value of the interest rate swaps is obtained from independent pricing services based on quoted market prices for similar derivative contracts. Level 2 Note 8: Derivatives

Nonrecurring Measurements

The following tables
present the fair value measurement on a nonrecurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements
fall at December 31, 2024 and 2023:

December 31, 2024 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

Quoted Prices in 

Active Markets for Significant Other Unobservable 

Identical Assets Observable Inputs Inputs 

Fair Value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Collateral-dependent impaired loans $ 4,575 $ $ $ 4,575 

Foreclosed assets held-for-sale 6,101 6,101 

December 31, 2023 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

Quoted Prices in 

Active Markets for Significant Other Unobservable 

Identical Assets Observable Inputs Inputs 

Fair Value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Collateral-dependent impaired loans $ 10,570 $ $ $ 10,570 

Following is a description
of the valuation methodologies and inputs used for assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and recognized in the accompanying
consolidated statements of financial condition, as well as the general classification of such assets pursuant to the valuation hierarchy.
For assets classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the process used to develop the reported fair value is described below.

53

Collateral-Dependent
Impaired Loans, Net of ACL - The estimated fair value of collateral-dependent loans is based
on the appraised fair value of the collateral, less estimated cost to sell. If the fair value of the collateral is below the loans
amortized cost, the ACL is netted against the loan balance. Collateral-dependent loans are classified within Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy. The Company considers the appraisal or evaluation as the starting point for determining fair value and then considers other
factors and events in the environment that may affect the fair value. Appraisals of the collateral underlying collateral dependent loans
are obtained when the loan is determined to be collateral dependent and subsequently as deemed necessary by the Office of the Chief Credit
Officer. Appraisals are reviewed for accuracy and consistency by management. Appraisers are selected from the list of approved appraisers
maintained by management. The appraised values are reduced by discounts to consider lack of marketability and estimated costs to sell
if repayment or satisfaction of the loan is dependent on the sale of the collateral. These discounts and estimates are developed by the
Office of the Chief Credit Officer by comparison to historical results.

Foreclosed
Assets Held-for-Sale - The fair value of foreclosed assets held-for-sale is based on the appraised
fair value of the collateral, less estimated cost to sell.

Unobservable (Level 3) Inputs

The following tables
present quantitative information about unobservable inputs used in nonrecurring Level 3 fair value measurements at December 31,
2024 and 2023:

December 31, 2024

Unobservable Range

Fair Value Valuation
Techniques Inputs (Weighted Average)

(Dollars in thousands)

Collateral-dependent impaired loans $ 4,575 Appraisal of collateral Appraisal adjustments (1) 0% - 91%

(44%)

Foreclosed assets held-for-sale $ 6,101 Appraisal of held property Appraisal adjustments (1) 6% - 10%

(6%)

(1) Appraisals
may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated
liquidation expenses.

December 31, 2023

Unobservable Range

Fair Value Valuation
Techniques Inputs (Weighted Average)

(Dollars in thousands)

Collateral-dependent impaired loans $ 10,570 Appraisal of collateral Appraisal adjustments (1) 0% - 56%

(22%)

(1) Appraisals
may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated
liquidation expenses.

54

The following tables
present the estimated fair values of the Companys financial instruments at December 31, 2024 and 2023:

December 31, 2024 

Carrying Fair Value Measurements 

Amount Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Financial Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 409,209 $ 409,209 $ $ 

Available-for-sale securities 769,848 769,848 

Loans, net of allowance for credit losses 6,179,301 6,181,071 

Restricted equity securities 3,682 3,682 

Interest receivable 35,831 35,831 

Equity securities 7,507 7,507 

Derivative assets 8,027 8,027 

Financial Liabilities 

Deposits $ 6,714,957 $ 976,762 $ $ 5,662,329 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 76,184 72,227 

Other borrowings 8,261 9,286 

Interest payable 22,710 22,710 

Derivative liabilities 12,684 12,684 

December 31, 2023 

Carrying Fair Value Measurements 

Amount Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Financial Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 255,229 $ 255,229 $ $ 

Available-for-sale securities 766,653 766,653 

Loans, net of allowance for credit losses 6,054,228 6,036,887 

Restricted equity securities 3,950 3,950 

Interest receivable 37,294 37,294 

Equity securities 5,794 5,794 

Derivative assets 7,581 7,581 

Financial Liabilities 

Deposits $ 6,491,276 $ 990,458 $ $ 5,547,203 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 77,889 72,123 

Other borrowings 8,950 9,891 

Interest payable 18,529 18,529 

Derivative liabilities 13,594 13,594 

55

Note 21: Commitments and Credit
Risk

The Company had
the following commitments at December 31, 2024 and 2023:

December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commitments to originate loans $ 71,204 $ 59,728 

Standby letters of credit 80,725 74,139 

Lines of credit 1,918,296 2,008,356 

Commitment related to investment fund 2,401 4,206 

Total $ 2,072,626 $ 2,146,429 

Commitments
to Originate Loans- Commitments to originate loans are agreements to lend to a client
as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other
termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since a portion of the commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total
commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Each clients creditworthiness is evaluated on a case-by-case
basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary, is based on managements credit evaluation of the counterparty.
Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, commercial real estate and residential
and multifamily real estate.

Standby
Letters of Credit - Standby letters of credit are irrevocable conditional commitments
issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a client to a third-party. Financial standby letters of credit are primarily issued
to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing and similar transactions. Performance
standby letters of credit are issued to guarantee performance of certain clients under nonfinancial contractual obligations. The credit
risk involved in issuing standby letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to clients. Fees for letters
of credit are initially recorded by the Company as deferred revenue and are included in earnings at the termination of the respective
agreements. Should the Company be obligated to perform under the standby letters of credit, the Company may seek recourse from the client
for reimbursement of amounts paid.

Lines
of Credit - Lines of credit are agreements to lend to a client as long as there is no
violation of any condition established in the contract. Lines of credit generally have fixed expiration dates. Since a portion of the
line may expire without being drawn upon, the total unused lines do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Each clients
creditworthiness is evaluated on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary, is based on managements
credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment,
commercial real estate and residential real estate. Management uses the same credit policies in granting lines of credit as it does for
on-balance sheet instruments.

Commitments
related to Investment Fund- The Company entered into various subscription agreements
with five separate third parties to invest up to $10.0 million in the aggregate in investment funds designed to create pathways to homeownership
for low- and moderate-income individuals and families and to help accelerate technology adoption at community banks.

Note 22:
Segment Reporting

The Company has
determined that its current operating model is structured whereby banking locations serve a similar base of primarily commercial clients
utilizing a company-wide offering of similar products and services managed through similar processes and technology platforms that are
collectively reviewed by the CODM. The Companys CODM manages operations on a company-wide basis, including allocation of resources
and financial performance. Accordingly, all of the Companys operations are considered by management to be aggregated in one reportable
operating segment, the banking segment.

The banking segment
derives revenues from clients by providing a broad offering of deposit and lending products to commercial and consumer clients. Deposit
offerings include personal and business checking and savings accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit, negotiable order
of withdrawal accounts, international banking services, treasury management services, automated teller machine access and mobile banking.
Lending offerings include commercial and industrial loans, agriculture loans, commercial real estate loans, construction and development
loans, including home builder lending, residential real estate loans, multifamily real estate loans, energy loans, SBA loans, credit
cards and consumer loans. All revenue is from external clients as the Company does not have intra-entity sales or transfers.

56

The accounting policies
of the banking segment are the same as those described in Note 1: Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.
The CODM assesses performance for the banking segment and decides how to allocate resources based on net income as reported on the consolidated
statements of operations as consolidated net income. All categories of interest expense and non-interest expense as disclosed on the
Companys consolidated statements of operations are considered significant to the banking segment. Additionally, depreciation expense
is detailed within Note 5: Premises and Equipment. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, there are no adjustments
or reconciling items between segment net income and consolidated net income as presented in the consolidated statements of operations.

The measure of segment
assets is reported on the consolidated statements of financial condition as total assets. For the years ended December 31, 2024
and 2023, there are no adjustments or reconciling items between segment total assets and total assets as presented in the consolidated
statements of financial position.

Note 23: Parent
Company Condensed Financial Statements

The following are
the condensed financial statements of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. (Parent only) for the periods indicated:

Condensed Statements of Financial
Condition

Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Assets 

Cash $ 8,226 $ 2,445 

Equity investments 4,524 3,998 

Investment in subsidiaries 763,081 703,532 

Other assets 7,798 9,172 

Total assets $ 783,629 $ 719,147 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Trust preferred securities, net 1,181 1,118 

Other liabilities 8,611 9,886 

Total liabilities 9,792 11,004 

Stockholders equity 773,837 708,143 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity $ 783,629 $ 719,147 

57

Condensed Statements of Operations

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Income 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries $ 67,358 $ 50,761 $ 30,267 

Distributions from subsidiaries 15,084 17,063 32,847 

Management fees charged to subsidiaries 300 8,520 8,520 

Other 17 49 153 

Total income 82,759 76,393 71,787 

Expense 

Salaries and employee benefits 4,280 4,272 

Occupancy, net 396 400 409 

Other 4,568 5,155 5,893 

Total expense 4,964 9,835 10,574 

Income tax benefit (751 ) (111 ) (386 )

Net income $ 78,546 $ 66,669 $ 61,599 

As of the beginning
of 2024, employees of the parent company became employees of the Bank. This resulted in decreases in management fees and salaries and
employee benefits.

58

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 2022 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Operating Activities 

Net income $ 78,546 $ 66,669 $ 61,599 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Earnings of consolidated subsidiaries (67,358 ) (50,761 ) (30,267 )

Stock-based compensation 842 1,735 1,511 

Other adjustments 218 293 (256 )

Net cash provided by operating activities 12,248 17,936 32,587 

Investing Activities 

Investment in subsidiaries, net (10,250 ) (18,000 )

Net cash activity from acquisition (8,960 ) 

Increase in equity investments (526 ) (1,401 ) (2,164 )

Purchase of equipment (519 ) 

Net cash used in investing activities (526 ) (21,130 ) (20,164 )

Financing Activities 

Net (repayment) proceeds from lines of credit (5,000 ) 5,000 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred shares, net of issuance cost 7,750 

Issuance of common stock, net 4 3 4 

Open market common share repurchases (4,500 ) (35,780 )

Acquisition of common stock for tax withholding obligations (1,358 ) (1,142 ) (929 )

Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan 533 402 364 

Dividends paid on preferred stock (620 ) (413 ) 

Settlement of warrants (418 ) 

Net decrease in employee receivables 7 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (5,941 ) 1,182 (31,334 )

Increase (decrease) in cash 5,781 (2,012 ) (18,911 )

Cash at beginning of year 2,445 4,457 23,368 

Cash at end of year $ 8,226 $ 2,445 $ 4,457 

Note 24: Subsequent
Events

During
January 2025, all required regulatory approvals for Busey to acquire the Company by merger
were obtained. The transaction remains subject to the completion of the remaining customary closing conditions. Subject to satisfying
these conditions, the parties currently expect to close the holding company merger on March 1, 2025.

59
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex99-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

UNAUDITED
PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following unaudited
pro forma combined financial information combines the historical consolidated financial position and results of operations of Busey and
CrossFirst as an acquisition of CrossFirst by Busey. The merger agreement was entered into on August 26, 2024, and provides that each
share of CrossFirst common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time will be converted into the right to receive
0.6675 of a share of Busey common stock. Also in the merger, each share of CrossFirst preferred stock issued and outstanding will
be converted into the right to receive one (1) share of new Busey preferred stock. The new Busey preferred stock will have terms that
are not materially less favorable than the terms applicable to the CrossFirst preferred stock.

The unaudited pro
forma combined financial information has been prepared to give effect to the following:

the
acquisition of CrossFirst by Busey under the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification, ASC 805, Business Combinations
where the assets and liabilities of CrossFirst will be recorded by Busey at their respective
fair values as of the date the merger is completed;

the
distribution of shares of Busey common stock to CrossFirst stockholders in exchange for shares
of Busey common stock (based upon a 0.6675 exchange ratio) and the exchange of CrossFirst
preferred stock for new Busey preferred stock;

certain
reclassifications to conform historical financial statement presentations of CrossFirst to
Busey; and

transaction
costs in connection with the merger.

The following unaudited
pro forma combined financial information and accompanying notes are based on and should be read in conjunction with (i) the historical
audited consolidated financial statements of Busey and accompanying notes included in Buseys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2024, and (ii) the audited consolidated financial statements of CrossFirst and accompanying notes for the year
ended December 31, 2024 included in Exhibit 99.2 of this Form 8-K.

The unaudited pro
forma combined income statements for year ended December 31, 2024 combine the historical consolidated income statements of Busey and
CrossFirst, giving effect to the merger as if it had been completed on January 1, 2024. The accompanying unaudited pro forma combined
balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 combines the historical consolidated balance sheets of Busey and CrossFirst, giving effect to the
merger as if it had been completed on December 31, 2024.

The unaudited pro
forma combined financial information is provided for illustrative information purposes only. The unaudited pro forma combined financial
information is not necessarily, and should not be assumed to be, an indication of the actual results that would have been achieved had
the merger been completed as of the dates indicated or that may be achieved in the future. The unaudited pro forma combined financial
information has been prepared by Busey in accordance with Regulation S-X Article 11, Pro Forma Financial Information.

The unaudited pro
forma combined financial information also does not consider any potential effects of changes in market conditions on revenue enhancements,
expense efficiencies, asset dispositions and share repurchases, among other factors. In addition, as explained in more detail in the
accompanying notes, the preliminary allocation of the pro forma purchase price reflected in the unaudited pro forma combined financial
information is subject to adjustment and may vary significantly from the actual purchase price allocation that will be recorded upon
completion of the merger.

As of the date of
this Form 8-K, Busey has not completed the valuation analysis and calculations in sufficient detail necessary to arrive at the required
estimates of the fair value of CrossFirsts assets to be acquired or liabilities to be assumed, other than a preliminary estimate
for intangible assets and certain financial assets and financial liabilities. Accordingly, apart from the aforementioned, certain CrossFirst
assets and liabilities are presented at their respective carrying amounts and should be treated as preliminary values. A final determination
of the fair value of CrossFirsts assets and liabilities will be based on CrossFirsts actual assets and liabilities as of
the closing date and therefore cannot be made prior to the completion of the merger. In addition, the value of the merger consideration
to be paid by Busey in shares of Busey common stock upon the completion of the merger will be determined based on the closing price of
Busey common stock on the closing date and the number of issued and outstanding shares of CrossFirst common stock immediately prior to
the closing. Actual adjustments may differ from the amounts reflected in the unaudited pro forma combined financial information, and
the differences may be material.

Further, Busey has
not identified all adjustments necessary to conform CrossFirsts accounting policies to Buseys accounting policies. Upon
completion of the merger, or as more information becomes available, Busey will perform a more detailed review of CrossFirsts accounting
policies. As a result of that review, differences could be identified between the accounting policies of the two companies that, when
conformed, could have a material impact on Buseys financial information following the completion of the merger.

As a result of the
foregoing, the pro forma adjustments are preliminary and are subject to change as additional information becomes available and as additional
analysis is performed. The preliminary pro forma adjustments have been made solely for the purpose of providing the unaudited pro forma
combined financial information.

Busey estimated the
fair value of certain CrossFirst assets and liabilities based on a preliminary valuation analysis, due diligence information, information
presented in CrossFirsts SEC filings and other publicly available information. Until the merger is completed, both companies are
limited in their ability to share certain information.

Upon completion of
the merger, a final determination of the fair value of CrossFirsts assets acquired and liabilities assumed will be performed.
Any changes in the fair values of the net assets or total purchase consideration as compared with the information shown in the unaudited
pro forma combined financial information may change the amount of the total purchase consideration allocated to goodwill and other assets
and liabilities and may impact Buseys statement of income. The final purchase consideration allocation may be materially different
than the preliminary purchase consideration allocation presented in the unaudited pro forma combined financial information.

Unaudited Pro
Forma Combined Consolidated Balance Sheet

As of December 31, 2024

(dollars in thousands)

Busey CrossFirst Pro Forma Adjustments Pro Forma Combined 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 697,659 $ 409,209 $ - $ 1,106,868 

Debt securities available for sale 1,810,221 769,848 - 2,580,069 

Debt securities held to maturity 826,630 - - 826,630 

Equity securities 15,862 - - 15,862 

Loans held for sale 3,657 - - 3,657 

Portfolio loans 7,697,087 6,258,263 (118,162 ) (1) 13,837,188 

Allowance for credit losses (83,404 ) (78,962 ) (40,398 ) (2) (202,764 )

Restricted bank stock 49,930 3,682 - 53,612 

Premises and equipment, net 118,820 68,548 (5,669 ) (3) 181,699 

Right of use assets 10,608 28,467 - 39,075 

Goodwill 333,695 14,135 83,034 (4) 430,864 

Core deposit and other intangible assets, net 32,280 13,631 36,944 (5) 82,855 

Cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance 185,087 72,813 - 257,900 

Other assets 348,590 110,066 35,430 (6) 494,086 

Total assets $ 12,046,722 $ 7,669,700 $ (8,821 ) $ 19,707,601 

Liabilities 

Deposits $ 9,982,490 $ 6,714,957 $ (228 ) (7) $ 16,697,219 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 155,610 - - 155,610 

Short-term borrowings - 5,100 - 5,100 

Long-term debt - 78,164 - (8) 78,164 

Subordinated notes, net of unamortized issuance costs 227,723 - - 227,723 

Junior subordinated debt owed to unconsolidated trusts 74,815 1,181 - (8) 75,996 

Lease liabilities 11,040 32,225 - 42,265 

Other liabilities 211,775 64,236 6,280 (9) 282,291 

Total liabilities 10,663,453 6,895,863 $ 6,052 17,565,368 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock 60 537 (504 ) (10) 93 

Preferred stock - - - (11) - 

Additional paid-in capital 1,360,530 548,364 242,207 (12) 2,151,101 

Retained earnings 294,054 350,277 (381,917 ) (13) 262,414 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss (207,039 ) (62,646 ) 62,646 (14) (207,039 )

Treasury stock at cost (64,336 ) (62,695 ) 62,695 (15) (64,336 )

Total stockholders equity 1,383,269 773,837 (14,873 ) 2,142,233 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 12,046,722 $ 7,669,700 $ (8,821 ) $ 19,707,601 

Footnotes to

Unaudited Pro
Forma Combined Consolidated Balance Sheet

As of December 31, 2024

(dollars in thousands)

(1) Adjustments to reflect acquired loans
at their preliminary estimate of fair value, which includes interest and credit marks, on
purchased credit-deteriorated (PCD) loans and non PCD loans.

Non PCD interest rate marks $ (73,299 )

Non PCD credit marks (29,792 )

PCD interest rate marks (15,071 )

Net adjustments $ (118,162 )

(2) Adjustments to the allowance for credit
losses include the following:

Reversal of CrossFirst allowance for credit losses $ 78,962 

Allowance on PCD loans (89,569 )

Provision for allowance on non PCD loans (29,791 )

Net adjustments $ (40,398 )

(3) Adjustment to reflect $5,669 of the
preliminary estimated fair value adjustment on fixed assets.

(4) Adjustment to reflect $97,169 of preliminary
estimated goodwill resulting from this business combination, net of the elimination of $14,135
for CrossFirsts historical goodwill.

(5) Adjustment to reflect $50,575 of preliminary
estimated core deposit intangibles net of the elimination of $13,631 for CrossFirsts
historical core deposit intangibles. The core deposit intangible asset will be amortized
over an estimated ten (10) year useful life using an accelerated method of amortization.

(6) Adjustment to other assets include
the following:

Deferred tax asset related to purchase accounting adjustments $ 26,420 

Fair value adjustment to other real estate owned (1,100 )

Deferred tax asset related to non PCD provision 8,491 

Deferred tax asset related to unfunded reserve provision 1,619 

Net adjustments $ 35,430 

(7) Adjustment of $(228) to reflect the
preliminary estimate of fair value on interest-bearing deposits.

(8) Preliminary fair value marks were
not obtained as they were deemed immaterial. Final valuations will be completed at the time
of closing.

(9) Adjustment to other liabilities include
the following:

Merger related transaction costs of Busey, net $ 6,280 

Reversal of off balance sheet unfunded reserve (5,681 )

Recording of off balance sheet unfunded reserve 5,681 

Net adjustments $ 6,280 

(10) Elimination of CrossFirsts
common stock of $537 and issuance of 32,921,738 shares of Busey common stock, $0.001 par
value, as consideration.

(11) Elimination of CrossFirsts
preferred stock and issuance of 7,750 shares of new Busey preferred stock, as consideration.
Par value rounds to under one thousand dollars.

(12) Elimination of CrossFirsts
additional paid-in capital of $548,364 and $790,571 purchase consideration, less common stock
par value of $33. Purchase consideration includes common stock, preferred stock and the value
of replacement awards related to past service.

(13) Adjustments to retained earnings
include the following:

Reversal of CrossFirst retained earnings $ (350,277 )

Merger related transaction costs of Busey, net (6,280 )

Record the allowance for credit losses for non PCD loans, net (21,299 )

Record the off balance sheet unfunded reserve, net (4,061 )

Net adjustments $ (381,917 )

(14) Elimination of CrossFirsts
accumulated other comprehensive loss.

(15) Elimination of CrossFirsts
treasury stock.

Pro Forma Income
Statement For the Year Ended December 31, 2024 Consolidated

(dollars in
thousands, except per share)

Busey CrossFirst Pro Forma Adjustments Pro Forma Combined 

Interest income 

Interest and fees on loans $ 426,422 $ 455,110 $ 25,779 (1) $ 907,311 

Interest and dividends investment securities 73,970 29,721 4,605 (2) 108,296 

Other interest income 23,289 9,359 - 32,648 

Total interest income 523,681 494,190 30,384 1,048,255 

Interest expense 

Deposits 178,463 252,247 150 (3) 430,860 

Federal funds purchased and securities sold under 

agreements to repurchase 4,308 - - 4,308 

Short-term borrowings and long-term debt 1,001 3,058 - 4,059 

Subordinated notes 12,650 - - 12,650 

Junior subordinated debt owed to unconsolidated trusts 4,648 252 - 4,900 

Total interest expense 201,070 255,557 150 456,777 

Net interest income 322,611 238,633 30,234 591,478 

Provision for credit losses 8,590 11,112 29,791 (4) 49,493 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses 314,021 227,521 443 541,985 

Noninterest income 

Wealth management fees 63,630 - - 63,630 

Fees for customer services 30,933 15,130 - 46,063 

Payment technology solutions 21,983 - - 21,983 

Mortgage revenue 2,075 46 - 2,121 

Income on bank owned life insurance 5,130 2,003 - 7,133 

Net securities gains (losses) (6,102 ) - - (6,102 )

Other noninterest income 22,033 5,964 - 27,997 

Total noninterest income 139,682 23,143 - 162,825 

Noninterest expense 

Salaries, wages and employee benefits 175,619 93,114 - 268,733 

Data processing 27,124 4,164 - 31,288 

Net occupancy and equipment expenses 25,542 12,825 - 38,367 

Professional fees 12,804 5,989 - 18,793 

Amortization of intangible assets 10,057 3,569 2,368 (5) 15,994 

Interchange expense 6,001 - - 6,001 

Other noninterest expense 43,252 31,362 5,681 (6) 80,295 

Total noninterest expense 300,399 151,023 8,049 459,471 

Income before income taxes 153,304 99,641 (7,606 ) 245,339 

Income taxes 39,613 21,095 (1,825 ) (7) 58,883 

Net income 113,691 78,546 (5,781 ) 186,456 

Preferred stock dividends - 620 - 620 

Net income available to common shareholders $ 113,691 $ 77,926 $ (5,781 ) $ 185,836 

Basic earnings per common share $ 2.01 $ 1.58 - $ 2.08 

Diluted earnings per common share $ 1.98 $ 1.56 - $ 2.05 

Average shares for basic earnings per share 56,610,032 49,437,154 (16,515,416 ) (8) 89,531,770 

Average shares for diluted earnings per share 57,543,001 49,975,845 (16,694,531 ) (8) 90,824,315 

Footnotes to

Pro Forma Income Statement For the Year Ended December 31, 2024 Consolidated

(dollars
in thousands)

(1) Estimated loan fair value adjustment
amortization using a level yield over the contractual term of the loan.

(2) Estimated investment securities fair
value adjustment amortization using a level yield over the contractual term of the securities.

(3) Estimated interest-bearing deposit
fair value adjustment amortization using a level yield over the contractual term of the interest-bearing
deposits.

(4) Adjustment to record provision for
credit losses on non PCD acquired loans.

(5) CDI intangible amortization as follows:

Reversal of CrossFirst amortization recorded $ (3,569 )

Adjustment to CDI amortization 5,937 

Net adjustments $ 2,368 

(6) Adjustment to record provision for
off balance sheet unfunded reserve.

(7) Tax effect on the pro forma adjustments
at an assumed 24.00% effective combined federal and state tax rate.

(8) Adjustments to weighted-average shares
of Busey common stock outstanding to eliminate weighted-average shares of CrossFirsts
common stock outstanding and record shares of Busey common stock outstanding using an exchange
ratio of 0.6675 per share.

NoteBasis of Presentation

The unaudited pro
forma combined financial information and explanatory notes have been prepared to illustrate the effects of the merger under the acquisition
method of accounting with Busey as the acquirer. The unaudited pro forma combined financial information is presented for illustrative
purposes only and does not necessarily indicate the financial condition or results of operations of Busey had the merger been completed
at the beginning of each period presented, nor does it necessarily indicate the results of operations in future periods or the future
financial position of Busey following the merger. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of CrossFirst,
as of the effective time, will be recorded by Busey at their respective fair values and the excess of the merger consideration over the
fair value of CrossFirsts net assets will be allocated to goodwill.

The pro forma allocation
of the purchase price reflected in the unaudited pro forma combined financial information is subject to adjustment and may vary from
the actual purchase price allocation that will be recorded at the time the merger is completed. Adjustments may include, but not be limited
to, changes in (i) CrossFirsts balance sheet through the effective time; (ii) the aggregate value of merger consideration paid
if the price of shares of Busey common stock varies from the assumed $23.57 per share, which represents the closing share price of Busey
common stock on December 31, 2024; (iii) total merger-related expenses if consummation and/or implementation costs vary from currently
estimated amounts; (iv) the underlying values of assets and liabilities if market and credit conditions differ from current assumptions;
and (v) other consideration transferred in connection with the acquisition.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>buse-20250301.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>buse-20250301_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>buse-20250301_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex10-3img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex23-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex23-1img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex23-1img003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-3img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-3img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-3img003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-6img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-6img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-6img003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-6img004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-6img005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-6img006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-6img007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-6img008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-6img009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex3-6img010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex99-2img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex99-2img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_ex99-2img003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>tm257855d1ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 01, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 0-15950

Entity Registrant Name FIRST BUSEY CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0000314489

Entity Tax Identification Number 37-1078406

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 11440 Tomahawk Creek Parkway

Entity Address, City or Town Leawood

Entity Address, State or Province KS

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 66211

City Area Code 217

Local Phone Number 365-4544

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol BUSE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://busey.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

buse-20250301.xsd 
buse-20250301_lab.xml 
buse-20250301_pre.xml 
tm257855d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-019504-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>tm257855d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000314489 

2025-03-01 
2025-03-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0000314489 
8-K 
2025-03-01 
FIRST BUSEY CORPORATION 
NV 
0-15950 
37-1078406 
11440 Tomahawk Creek Parkway 
Leawood 
KS 
66211 
217 
365-4544 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
BUSE 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>