<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-000765.txt : 20250206
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-000765.hdr.sgml : 20250206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250206164653
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-000765
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250204
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001130166
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				911766850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50626
		FILM NUMBER:		25598104

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CONNELL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BERKELEY HEIGHTS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07922
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-517-7330

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CONNELL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BERKELEY HEIGHTS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07922

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XCYTE THERAPIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001218
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cyclacel_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000113016600011301662025-02-042025-02-040001130166cycc:CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember2025-02-042025-02-040001130166cycc:PreferredStock0.001ParValueMember2025-02-042025-02-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 4, 2025

CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 0-50626 91-1707622

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

200 Connell Drive,Suite 1500

Berkeley Heights, NJ07922

(Address of principal executive offices and zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (908) 517-7330

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share CYCC The Nasdaq Capital Market 

Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value CYCCP The Nasdaq Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Lazar Securities Purchase Agreement

On February 4, 2025, Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Lazar Purchase Agreement) with David Lazar (the Purchaser), its interim Chief Executive Officer, for the issuance and sale in a private placement (the Private Placement) of up to $8,000,000 (the Aggregate Purchase Price) of shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) of the Company (the Shares). The Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Purchaser, by delivering written notice thereof from time to time and until September 30, 2026, to purchase up to the Aggregate Purchase Price of Shares at a purchase price equal to the greater of (i) the consolidated closing bid price immediately prior to the entry of this Agreement and (ii) the consolidated closing bid price on the business day immediately preceding the applicable purchase date. Unless otherwise agreed by the Company and the Purchaser, the Companys right to cause the Purchaser to purchase the Shares pursuant to the Lazar Purchase Agreement must be exercised in either $1,000,000 or $2,000,000 increments.

The Lazar Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, agreements and obligations, conditions to closing and termination provisions.

The issuance of the Shares will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any state securities laws. The issuance of the Shares will be issued in reliance on the exemptions from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and Regulation S or Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

The foregoing description of terms and conditions of the Lazar Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the form of the Lazar Purchase Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1.

Amendment to Warrant Exchange Agreement

As previously reported, Armistice Capital Master
Fund Ltd. (the Holder) and the Company entered into that certain
Warrant Exchange Agreement, dated as of January 2, 2025 (the Warrant Exchange
Agreement), pursuant to which they agreed to exchange certain Exchanged Warrants (as defined in the Warrant Exchange
Agreement) acquired by the Holder pursuant to the Exercise and Reload Agreement and the April Securities Purchase Agreement for
24,844,725 shares of Common Stock of the Company and $1.1 million of cash upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Warrant
Exchange Agreement and subject to the approval as required by the applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company with respect to issuance of all of the shares of Common
Stock to be issued pursuant to the Warrant Exchange Agreement (the Stockholder
Approval). Stockholder Approval was obtained on February 6, 2025 as described in Item 5.07 below.

On February 4, 2025, the Holder and the Company entered into an amendment agreement to the Warrant Exchange Agreement (the Amendment Agreement) pursuant to which the Holder agreed to receive the $1.1 million cash payment from the Company following the filing by the Company of its Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2025. In addition, the Holder consented to (A) the issuance of up to $8,000,000 of shares of Common Stock to David Lazar pursuant to an equity line securities purchase agreement between the Company and David Lazar at a purchase price per share equal to the greater of (i) the consolidated closing bid price immediately prior to the entry of such agreement and (ii) the consolidated closing bid price on the Business Day immediately preceding the applicable purchase date and (B) the entry into an equity line of credit purchase agreement for the sale of up to $25 million of shares of Common Stock and the issuances of shares of Common Stock sold thereunder, and acknowledged and agreed that none of the foregoing transactions described in (A) and (B) above shall be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction as defined in the Exercise and Reload Agreement. In consideration for the foregoing, the Company agreed to issue to the Holder, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined in the Warrant Exchange Agreement) and upon receipt of stockholder approval of the Company of such issuance at its next meeting of stockholders, an additional 100,000 shares of Common Stock (post-reverse stock split that was approved by the Companys stockholders at its February 6, 2025 special meeting) (the Additional New Shares). In the event that the issuance of any shares of Common Stock to the Holder would cause the Holder to exceed the maximum number of Warrant Shares subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined in the applicable Exchanged Warrant), as directed by the Holder, the balance shall be issued as pre-funded warrants.

1

The issuance of the Additional New Shares will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. The issuance of the Additional New Shares will be issued in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

The foregoing description of terms and conditions of the Amendment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the form of the Amendment Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2.

Helena Common Stock Purchase Agreement

On February 5, 2025, the Company entered
into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with
Helena Special Opportunities 1 Ltd. (Helena), pursuant to which the
Company, subject to the restrictions and satisfaction of the conditions in the Purchase Agreement, has the right, but not the
obligation, to sell to Helena, and Helena is obligated to purchase, up to the lesser of (i) $25 million of newly issued shares (the
Purchase Shares) of the Companys Common Stock and (ii) the
Exchange Cap (as defined below). As consideration for Helenas execution and delivery of the Purchase Agreement, the Company
has agreed to issue to Helena a number of shares of Common Stock having a value equal to $125,000 (the Commitment
Shares and, together with the Purchase Shares, the Securities).
In furtherance of the foregoing, (i) the Company shall issue to Helena on the trading day immediately following execution of the
Purchase Agreement, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the amount obtained by dividing $62,500 by the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock over the three (3) trading days preceding the date of the Purchase Agreement, and (ii) on the day
that is 90 days following the execution date the Company shall issue to Helena a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the
amount obtained by dividing $62,500 by the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock over the three (3) trading days
preceding the 90th day following the execution date. The average of the volume weighted average prices of the Common Stock
determined in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) of the foregoing sentence shall be referred to as the Commitment Share
Reference Price and the sum of the shares issued pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) of the foregoing sentence shall be referred
to as the Original Commitment Fee Share Amount. If the closing price of the Common Stock on the trading day
immediately preceding the one-year anniversary of the execution date is less than the Commitment Share Reference Price, the Company
shall issue to Helena additional shares of Common Stock as Commitment Shares (the Make-Whole
Shares) promptly following such one-year anniversary. The amount of Make-Whole Shares to be issued shall be equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing (a) $125,000, by (b) the closing price of the Common Stock on the trading day immediately
preceding the one-year anniversary of the execution date, minus the Original Commitment Fee Share Amount. In lieu of delivering the Make-Whole Shares, the Company may elect to pay to the Investor the cash value of the Make-Whole Shares by paying
to the Investor a cash payment equal to the closing price of the Common Stock on the trading day immediately preceding the one-year anniversary
of the execution date multiplied by the Make-Whole Share Amount. 

The Company does not have a right to commence any sales of Common Stock to Helena under the Purchase Agreement until the time when all of the conditions to the Companys right to commence sales of Common Stock to Helena set forth in the Purchase Agreement have been satisfied, including that a registration statement covering the resale of the Securities is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and the final form of prospectus contained therein is filed with the SEC (the Commencement Date).

Over the 36-month period from and after the Commencement Date (unless the Purchase Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with its terms), Helena has no right to require the Company to sell any shares of Common Stock to Helena, but Helena is obligated to make purchases as the Company directs, subject to certain conditions. There are no upper limits on the price per share that Helena must pay for shares of Common Stock. Actual sales of shares of Common Stock to Helena will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time, including, among others, market conditions, the trading price of the Companys Common Stock and determinations by the Company as to the appropriate sources of funding for the Company and its operations.

At any time from and after the Commencement Date, on any business day on which the previous business days closing sale price of the Common Stock was equal to or greater than $0.20 (the Purchase Date), the Company may direct Helena to purchase a specified number of shares of Common Stock (a Fixed Purchase) not to exceed $250,000, at a purchase price equal to 95% of the daily volume weighted average price (the VWAP) of the Common Stock for the two business days immediately preceding the applicable Purchase Date for such Fixed Purchase.

2

In addition, at any time from and after the Commencement Date, on any business day on which the previous business days closing sale price of the Common Stock is equal to or greater than $0.20 and such business day is also the Purchase Date for a Fixed Purchase of an amount of shares of Common Stock not less than the applicable Fixed Purchase Maximum Amount (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the VWAP Purchase Date), the Company may also direct Helena to purchase an additional number of shares of Common Stock in an amount up to the VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (a VWAP Purchase) at a purchase price equal to the lesser of 95% of (i) the lowest sale price of a share of Common Stock on the trading day immediately prior to such applicable Purchase Date and (ii) the VWAP during the period on the applicable VWAP Purchase Date beginning at the opening of trading and ending at the VWAP Purchase Termination Time (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).

At any time from and after the Commencement Date, on any business day that is also the VWAP Purchase Date for a VWAP Purchase, the Company may also direct Helena to purchase, on such same business day (the Additional VWAP Purchase Date), an additional number of shares of Common Stock in an amount up to the Additional VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (an Additional VWAP Purchase) at a purchase price equal to the lesser of 95% of (i) the lowest sale price of a share of Common Stock on the trading day immediately prior to such applicable Purchase Date and (ii) the VWAP during the Additional VWAP Purchase Period (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) on the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date.

If the Company makes certain issuances of Company securities within a specified period of time after a Purchase Date and such securities are issued at prices (the New Issuance Price) less than the prices to be paid by Helena in such Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase or Additional VWAP Purchase, the purchase price for such applicable Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase and Additional VWAP Purchase would be reduced to the New Issuance Price, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

Under the Purchase Agreement, in no event may the aggregate amount of Purchase Shares submitted in any single or combination of VWAP Purchase notices and/or Additional VWAP Purchase notices on a particular date require a payment from Helena to the Company that exceeds $5,000,000, unless such limitation is waived by Helena.

In no event shall the Company issue or sell any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement to the extent that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that would be issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including the Commitment Shares) exceed 19.99% of the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately preceding the execution of the Purchase Agreement (the Exchange Cap), subject to adjustment as set forth in the Purchase Agreement, unless and until (i) the Company obtains the approval of the issuance of such shares by its stockholders in accordance with the applicable stock exchange rules or (ii) the average price paid for all shares of Common Stock issued under the Purchase Agreement (including Commitment Shares) is equal to or in excess of the lower of (A) the closing price on the Nasdaq Capital Market on February 5, 2025 and (B) the average of the closing prices of the Common Stock for the five business days immediately preceding February 5, 2025, as calculated in accordance with the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market, such that the sales of such Common Stock to Helena would not count toward the Exchange Cap because they are at market under applicable stock exchange rules.

In addition, Helena is not obligated to buy any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement if such shares of Common Stock, when aggregated with all other common stock then beneficially owned by Helena and its affiliates (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 13d-3 promulgated thereunder), would result in Helena beneficially owning Common Stock in excess of 4.99% of the then-outstanding shares of common stock (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), provided, however, Helena may increase the Beneficial Ownership Limitation up to 9.99% at its sole discretion upon sixty-one days prior written notice to the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event will exceed 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

3

The net proceeds under the Purchase Agreement to the Company will depend on the frequency and prices at which the Company sells shares of its stock to Helena. The Company expects that any proceeds received by the Company from such sales to Helena will be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

The Company has the right to terminate the Purchase Agreement at any time, upon one business days notice, at no cost or penalty. During any suspension event under the Purchase Agreement, Helena does not have the right to terminate the Purchase Agreement; however, the Company may not initiate any regular or other purchase of shares by Helena, until such event of default is cured. In addition, in the event of bankruptcy proceedings by or against the Company, the Purchase Agreement will automatically terminate in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement.

The issuance of the Commitment Shares and the Purchase Shares will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. The issuance of the Commitment Shares and the Purchase Shares will be issued in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

The foregoing description of terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the form of the Purchase Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3.

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any shares of Common Stock, nor shall there be any sale of shares of Common Stock in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated in this Item 3.02 by reference.

Item 5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

The Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting) on February 6, 2025 at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time in virtual format. Of the Companys 13,906,133 shares of Common Stock and Series C Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding and eligible to vote as of the record date of January 6, 2025, 7,092,260 shares, or approximately 51.00% of the eligible shares of Common Stock, were present virtually or represented by proxy. A quorum was present for all matters. Each of the matters set forth below is described in detail in the Companys definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2025. The following actions were taken at the Special Meeting:

Proposal 1

The Companys stockholders approved (i) the issuance of Common Stock to the Companys interim Chief Executive Officer, Mr. David Lazar, upon conversion of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, and (ii) an amendment to the Series C Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations removing the ownership limitation thereunder, for purposes of Nasdaq Listing Rules 5635(b), (c) and (d).

Votes For Votes Against Votes Abstained Broker Non-Votes

659,603 471,803 9,114 3,301,740

4

Proposal 2

The Companys stockholders approved the issuance of shares of Common Stock in connection with the Warrant Exchange Agreement between the Company and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd., for purposes of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d).

Votes For Votes Against Votes Abstained Broker Non-Votes

3,257,515 526,024 6,981 3,301,740

Proposal 3

The Companys stockholders approved an amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split at a ratio not less than 1:4 and not more than 1:16 (the Reverse Stock Split) such ratio and the implementation and timing of such Reverse Stock Split to be determined in the discretion of the Companys Board of Directors (the Board). As a routine proposal under applicable rules, no broker non-votes were recorded in connection with this proposal.

Votes For Votes Against Votes Abstained

5,659,401 1,402,177 30,682

Proposal 4

The Companys stockholders approved an amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock from 100,000,000 shares to 250,000,000 shares, which number would not be adjusted as a result of the Reverse Stock Split.

Votes For Votes Against Votes Abstained Broker Non-Votes

3,184,066 592,674 13,780 3,301,740

Proposal 5

The Companys stockholders approved an amendment to the Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended to reserve an additional 500,000 shares of Common Stock for issuance thereunder, which number would not be adjusted as a result of the Reverse Stock Split.

Votes For Votes Against Votes Abstained Broker Non-Votes

3,207,112 568,327 15,081 3,301,740

Proposal 6

The Companys stockholders ratified the appointment of Bush & Associates CPA LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. As a routine proposal under applicable rules, no broker non-votes were recorded in connection with this proposal.

Votes For Votes Against Votes Abstained

6,194,884 872,187 25,189

5

Proposal 7

The Companys stockholders approved an adjournment of the Special Meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there were insufficient votes to adopt any of the above proposals. As a routine proposal under applicable rules, no broker non-votes were recorded in connection with this proposal.

Votes For Votes Against Votes Abstained

6,067,846 999,712 24,702

Item 8.01 Other Events.

As previously reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K, on January 2, 2025, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with David Lazar pursuant to which he agreed to purchase from the Company 1,000,000 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred Stock) and 2,100,000 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series D Preferred Stock) of the Company at a purchase price of $1.00 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of $3.1 million. Mr. Lazar paid $1,000,000 at the initial closing of the transactions under the Purchase Agreement in exchange for 1,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock and agreed, subject to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions and within two business days of the receipt of stockholder approval at the Companys special meeting of stockholders, to pay an additional $2,100,000 in exchange for 2,100,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock. As described above, the Nasdaq Issuance (Proposal 1) was approved by the Companys stockholders at the Special Meeting and, accordingly, Mr. Lazar paid $2,100,000 to the Company on February 6, 2025.

As previously reported, the Company received
a notice from the Listing Qualifications Staff (the Staff) of The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) stating that the Company was not in compliance
with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1), which requires the Company to maintain minimum stockholders equity of $2.5 million (the Stockholders
Equity Rule). Following a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel),
the Company was granted until December 24, 2024 to evidence compliance with the Stockholders Equity Rule, which was subsequently
extended to February 6, 2025. The Company undertook the transactions described above in an effort to regain compliance with the Stockholders
Equity Rule.

As a result of the transactions described
herein and the deconsolidation of the Companys subsidiary Cyclacel Ltd., as reported on the Companys Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2025, the Company believes as of the date of this filing that it has stockholders equity of at least
$2.5 million. The Company awaits Nasdaqs formal confirmation that the Company has evidenced compliance with the Stockholders
Equity Rule and all other applicable criteria for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market.

6

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Exhibit

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2025, between the Company and David Lazar

10.2 Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2025, between the Company and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd.

10.3 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2025, between the Company and Helena Special Opportunities 1 Ltd.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the XBRL document)

7

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: /s/ David Lazar 

Name: David Lazar 

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 6, 2025

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>cyclacel_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of February 4, 2025 (the Effective Date), between Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and David Lazar (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Regulation D and Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the Company desires to issue and sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
1.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Certificate of Designation (as defined herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Action shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Aggregate Purchase Price shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.1.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or any authorized committee thereof.

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company Party means all directors, officers, stockholders, employees, agents, and representatives, including, those directors comprising of the current board of the Company.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading
Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

Evaluation Date shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange Act shall have the meaning given such term in the recitals.

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual Property Rights shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens means an adverse claim, lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, or preemptive right.

Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material Permits shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(n).

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

2

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in writing, against the Company before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental, or administrative agency or regulatory authority.

Purchase Amount means, with respect to each Securities Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof, the portion of the Aggregate Purchase Price to be purchased by the Purchaser pursaunt to Section 2.1.

Purchase Date means, with respect to each Securities Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof, the Business Day on which the Company notifies the Purchaser that the Investor is to buy Securities pursuant to Section 2 hereof.

Purchase Price means, with respect to each Securities Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof, the greater of (i) the consolidated closing bid price immediately prior to the entry of this Agreement and (ii) the consolidated closing bid price on the Business Day immediately preceding the applicable Purchase Date.

Purchaser shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Purchaser Party shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 4.8.

Required Approvals shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC Reports shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.1.

Securities Act shall have the meaning given such term in the recitals.

Securities Purchase shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.1.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall
not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

3

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the OTC Bulletin Board, or the OTCQB or the OTCQX operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto, and any other documents or agreements executed by all or any of the Parties hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Mendota Heights, MN 55120, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

ARTICLE
2.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Purchase of Common Stock. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase, up to $8,000,000 (the Aggregate Purchase Price) of shares of Common Stock (the Securities). The Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Purchaser, by delivering written notice thereof from time to time following the date hereof and until September 30, 2026, to purchase up to the Aggregate Purchase Price of Securities at the Purchase Price on the applicable Purchase Date (each, a Securities Purchase). Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, the Companys right to cause the Purchaser to purchase the Securities pursuant to this Section 2.1 must be exercised in either $1,000,000 or $2,000,000 increments.

2.2 Payment for Purchased Securities. For each Securities Purchase pursuant to Section 2.1, the Purchaser shall pay to the Company an amount equal to the Purchase Amount with respect to such Securities Purchase as the full payment for such Securities purchased pursuant to such Securities Purchase. Such Purchase Amount shall be paid via wire transfer of immediately available funds on the same Business Day that the Purchaser receives such Securities. For each Securities Purchase, the Company shall either (i) deliver to the Purchaser a certificate or book entry record representing the applicable Securities or (ii) make the applicable Securities available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement, in each case, against payment of the purchase price therefor by wire transfer to a bank account designated by the Company.

4

2.3 Compliance with Exchange Rules.

(a) Subject to Section 2.3(b), the Company shall not issue or sell any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, and the Purchaser shall not purchase or acquire any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, to the extent that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that would be issued pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby would exceed 19.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company (including any securities convertible into shares of Common Stock) as of immediately prior to the entry into this Agreement (which number of shares shall be reduced, on a share-for-share basis, by the number of shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any transaction or series of transactions that may be aggregated with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under applicable rules of the Trading Market) (the Exchange Cap), unless and until the Company elects to solicit stockholder approval of the issuance of Common Stock as contemplated by this Agreement and the stockholders of the Company have in fact approved such issuance in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations of the Trading Market. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may, but shall be under no obligation to, request its stockholders to approve the issuance of Common Stock as contemplated by this Agreement; provided, that if stockholder approval is not obtained in accordance with this Section 2.3(a), the Exchange Cap shall be applicable for all purposes of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby at all times during the term of this Agreement (except as set forth in Section 2.3(b) below).

(b) Notwithstanding Section 2.3(a) above, the Exchange Cap shall not be applicable for any purposes of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, solely to the extent that the issuances and sales of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement are deemed to be at a price equal to or in excess of the greater of the Minimum Price (as defined under the applicable rules of the Trading Market) of the Common Stock.

(c) The Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement if such issuance would reasonably be expected to result in (A) a violation of the Securities Act or (B) a breach of the rules and regulations of the Trading Market. The provisions of this Section 2.3 shall be implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms hereof only if necessary to ensure compliance with the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

2.4 Conditions to Purchase.

(a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with each Securities Purchase are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on each Purchase Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such date); and

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Purchase Date shall have been performed.

5

(b) The obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with each Securiteis Purchase are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on each Purchase Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Purchase Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company.

ARTICLE
3.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports (as defined below) or the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries. The Company either has no subsidiaries or has no control over such subsidiaries.

(b) Organization and Qualification. The Company is an entity duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Company is not in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. The Company is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, liabilities or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and any Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect); provided, that a change in the market price or trading volume of the Common Stock alone shall not be deemed to constitute a Material Adverse Effect; and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

6

(c) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to receipt of the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.5, (ii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing thereof for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iii) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

7

(f) Issuance of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable, free and clear of any Lien imposed by the Company.

(g) Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g). No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchaser). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except for the Required Approvals, no further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h) SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports). As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

8

(i) Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i): (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting in any material respect, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to the Companys existing equity incentive plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company, or its businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j) Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action) that (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty that could result in a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or executive officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

9

(k) Labor Relations. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(k), no labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company, and the Company is not a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company believes that its relationships with its employees are good.

(l) Compliance. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(l), the Company: (i) is not in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (ii) is or has, to the Companys knowledge, not been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Environmental Laws. To the knowledge of the Company, the Company (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory Permits. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(n), the Company possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct its business as currently conducted, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and the Company has not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

10

(o) Title to Assets. The Company has good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by it and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities currently held under lease by the Company are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company are in compliance in all material respects.

(p) Intellectual Property. The Company has rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights as are necessary or required for use in connection with the Companys business as currently contemplated and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). The Company has not received a written notice that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as would not have or reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Insurance. The Company is insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage in an amount deemed commercially reasonable.

(r) Offering Exemption. Subject to the accuracy of the representations of the Purchaser set forth in this Agreement, the offer, sale and issuance of the Securities to be issued in conformity with the terms of this Agreement constitute transactions which are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and from all applicable state registration or qualification requirements. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, the issuance and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchaser is exempt from the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws of the location of the Purchaser and no prospectus or other document is required to be filed, under such applicable securities laws and no proceeding is required to be taken and no approval, permit, consent or authorization of regulatory authorities is required to be obtained by the Company under such securities laws to permit such issuance and sale.

11

(s) Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(s), none of the officers or directors of the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for: (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(t) Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company is in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of each Purchase Date, except in each case as disclosed in the Companys SEC Reports. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company has established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms.

(u) Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(v) Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be or be an Affiliate of, required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not be required to register as an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

12

(w) Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchaser as a result of the Purchasers and the Companys fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(x) No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(y) Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(z) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

13

(aa) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by Purchaser or any of Purchasers representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(bb) Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

(cc) No General Solicitation or Directed Selling Efforts. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising or directed selling efforts (as defined in Rule 902(c) of Regulation S). The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchaser.

(dd) Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys equity incentive plans was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Companys equity incentive plans and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys equity incentive plans has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(ee) Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(ff) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not or has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

14

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the date hereof and as of each Purchase Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a) Organization; Authority. Purchaser has the right and legal capacity to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by Purchaser, and when delivered by Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b) Understandings or Arrangements. Purchaser is acquiring the Securities in compliance with applicable securities laws, and in the ordinary course of its business. Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law.

(c) Purchaser Status. At the time Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, it will be either (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act, or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act. In addition Purchaser has purchased the Securities pursuant to Regulation S, and Purchaser represents and warrants that (i) at the time the Purchaser was offered the Securities it was not, and as of the date hereof it is not, and throughout each Purchase Date, it will continue not to be, a U.S. Person as that term is defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S, and (ii) it has, and will at all times have, executed all documents (including this Agreement) outside of the United States.

(d) General Solicitation. Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertising. In addition, Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any directed selling efforts (as defined in Rule 902(c) of Regulation S) in the United States.

(e) Experience of Purchaser. Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

15

(f) Access to Information. The Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

(g) Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, Purchaser has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with Purchaser, executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement, the Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE
4.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Restrictive Legends. The Purchaser agrees that the Securities issued pursuant to exemptions from registration under the Securities Act, shall each bear legends stating that transfer of those Securities is restricted, substantially as follows:

THISSECURITY IS BEING OFFERED TO INVESTORS WITHOUT REGISTRATION WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT IN RELIANCE UPON AVAILABLE EXEMPTIONS THEREFROM. TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION/EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY IS PROHIBITED, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

16

4.2 Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. Subject to compliance with the terms of this Agreement, the Company further acknowledges that its obligations under the Transaction Documents are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against Purchaser or any transferee thereof, and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

4.3 Furnishing
of Information; Public Information. The Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within
the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even
if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, except in the event that the Company consummates
(in each case on or after the date as of which the Purchasers may sell all of their Securities without restriction or limitation pursuant
to Rule 144): (a) any transaction or series of related transactions as a result of which any Person (together with its Affiliates)
acquires then outstanding securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of the Company;
(b) a merger or reorganization of the Company with one or more other entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity; or (c)
a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, where the consummation of such transaction results in the Company no
longer being subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.4 Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.5 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall, by the Disclosure Time, file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act.

4.6 Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that Purchaser (or any transferee thereof pursuant to the Securities Purchase Rights Transfer Right) is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchaser.

17

4.7 Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder solely for general working capital purposes or as otherwise set forth in Schedule 4.7.

4.8 Indemnification of The Company. Subject to the subsections of this Section 4.8, the Purchaser will indemnify and hold the Company and each Company Party harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Company Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Purchaser in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Company in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Company Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Company Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Company Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Company Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Company Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Company Party shall promptly notify the Purchaser in writing, and the Purchaser shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Company Party. Any Company Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Company Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Purchaser in writing, (ii) the Purchaser has failed within ten days after notice from the Company Party to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Purchaser and the position of such Company Party, in which case the Purchaser shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Purchaser will not be liable to any Company Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Company Party effected without the Purchasers prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Company Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Company Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Company Party against the Purchaser or others and any liabilities the Purchaser may be subject to pursuant to law.

18

4.9 Indemnification
of Purchaser. Subject to the subsections of this Section 4.9, the Company will indemnify and hold Purchaser and its
directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless
from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments,
amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser
Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted
against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who
is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
(unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants
under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any
violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally
judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any
Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify
the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing
reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action
and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party
except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company
has failed within twenty (20) days after notice from the Purchaser Party to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in
such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the
Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and
expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y)
for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any
Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in
this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.9 shall be made by
periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are
incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser
Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.10 Reservation and Listing of Securities.

(a) Except to the extent limited by the Companys authorized shares of Common Stock, prior to a Purchase Date, the Company shall maintain a reserve from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Transaction Documents in such amount as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under the Transaction Documents.

(b) The Company shall, if applicable: (i) in the time and manner required by the principal Trading Market, prepare and file with such Trading Market an additional shares listing application covering a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the amount of Securities on the date of such application, (ii) take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock to be listed on such Trading Market as soon as possible thereafter, and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of such Common Stock on such Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

19

4.11 Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Purchaser covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial disclosure as described in Section 4.5. Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial disclosure as described in Section 4.5, Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in this Agreement and the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives).

ARTICLE
5.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Fees and Expenses.

(a) The Company agrees to pay all costs and expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, including expenses, fees and taxes in connection with (i) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the certificates for the Securities to the Purchaser, including any stock or other transfer taxes or duties payable upon the sale of the Securities to the Purchaser, (ii) the fees and expenses of any transfer agent or registrar for the Securities, (iii) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Securities on the Trading Market, and (iv) the performance of the Companys other obligations hereunder.

(b) Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, including, inter alia, each Party shall otherwise pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such Party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

(c) The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion notice delivered by Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchaser.

5.2 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

20

5.3 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.4 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchaser or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.4 shall be binding upon Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.5 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.6 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Purchaser (other than by merger). Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchaser.

5.7 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced or waived by, any other Person.

5.8 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of Wilmington, Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of Wilmington, Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and

21

agrees
not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that
such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall
commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the
Company under Section 4.9, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing
party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and
prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.9 Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the each Purchase Date and the delivery of the Securities for the period of the applicable statute of limitations.

5.10 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file or other electronic signing crated on an electronic platform (such as DocuSign), such signature shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.11 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.12 Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document, and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission of a conversion of the Securities, Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded conversion notice.

22

5.13 Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.14 Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Purchaser and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.15 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.16 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.17 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

23

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Address for Notice:

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

By: /s/ David Natan 200 Connell Drive, Suite 1500

Name: David Natan Berkeley Heights, NJ 07922

Title: Audit Committee Chairman Attention: David Natan

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

24

PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGE TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

PURCHASER:

DAVID LAZAR 

Address for Notice:

By: /s/ David Lazar 

Name: David Lazar 

25
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cyclacel_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

AMENDMENT TO WARRANT EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

This AMENDMENT TO WARRANT EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (this Amendment Agreement), dated as of February 4, 2025, is made and entered into between Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc, a Delaware company (the Company), and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. (Holder). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Warrant Exchange Agreement (defined herein).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Holder is the owner of Series C common stock purchase warrants and Series D common stock purchase warrants of the Company, issued on November 14, 2024 pursuant to that certain Warrant Exercise and Reload Agreement dated November 13, 2024 by and between the Company and the Holder (the Exercise and Reload Agreement) and Series A common stock purchase warrants of the Company issued on May 2, 2024 pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of April 30, 2024 by and between the Company and the Holder (the April Securities Purchase Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Holder and the Company entered into that certain Warrant Exchange Agreement dated January 2, 2025 (the Warrant Exchange Agreement) pursuant to which they agreed to exchange certain Exchanged Warrants (as defined in the Warrant Exchange Agreement) acquired pursuant to the Exercise and Reload Agreement and the April Securities Purchase Agreement and beneficially owned by Holder for shares of Common Stock of the Company and cash upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Warrant Exchange Agreement and subject to the approval as required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company with respect to issuance of all of the shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock) to be issued pursuant to the Warrant Exchange Agreement (the Stockholder Approval);

WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend certain terms of the Warrant Exchange Agreement, pursuant to this Amendment Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained in this Amendment Agreement, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereby agree as follows:

ArticleI

Amendment

Section 1.1 Section 1.2 of the Warrant Exchange Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 

Section 1.2Closing Date. The closing of the Exchange Transaction (the Closing) shall occur as follows:

(a) Substantially concurrently with the date of Stockholder Approval, the Company shall issue to the Holder, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the New Shares; and Holder shall surrender the Exchanged Warrants to the Company, together with all documentation reasonably necessary to transfer to the Company all right, title and interest in and to the Exchanged Warrants.

(b) Subject to the receipt by the Company of the approval of the Companys stockholders for a transaction (or a series thereof), whereby Mr. David Lazar or any of his Affiliates or any bona fide transferees thereof acquires for an investment of no less than $3.1 million, shares of Common Stock of the Company, or any other securities of the Company which may (and for avoidance of doubt even if subject to third party approvals or other contingencies) be exercisable or convertible to shares of Common Stock or voting power of the equity of the Company (a Lazar Investment); and (ii) the filing by the Company of its Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2025; the Company shall pay to Holder the Cash Price in immediately available funds by wire transfer to the account specified in the instructions provided by the Holder to the Company.

Section 1.2 The following capitalized terms in the Warrant Exchange Agreement shall be amended as follows:

a) New Shares shall mean the issuance of an aggregate of 24,844,725 (subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of the Amendment Agreement) shares of Common Stock of the Company.

b) Cash Payment shall mean $1,100,000.

Section 1.3 Holder hereby consents to (A) the issuance of up to $8,000,000 of shares of Common Stock to David Lazar pursuant to an equity line securities purchase agreement between the Company and David Lazar at a purchase price per share equal to the greater of (i) the consolidated closing bid price immediately prior to the entry of such agreement and (ii) the consolidated closing bid price on the Business Day immediately preceding the applicable purchase date and (B) the entry into of an equity line of credit purchase agreement for the sale of up to $25 million of shares of Common Stock and the issuances of shares of Common Stock sold thereunder, and acknowledges and agrees that none of the foregoing transactions described in (A) and B) above shall be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction as defined in the Exercise and Reload Agreement.

Section 1.4 In consideration for the foregoing, the Company shall issue to the Holder, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation and upon receipt of stockholder approval of the Company of such issuance at its next meeting of stockholders, an additional 100,000 shares of Common Stock (post-reverse stock split that was approved by the Companys stockholders at its February 6, 2025 special meeting) of the Company (the Additional New Shares), and such Additional New Shares, will, unless and until registered, contain customary restrictive legends and other language typical for unregistered shares. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event that the issuance of any New Share(s) and Additional New Shares would otherwise cause the Holder to exceed any beneficial ownership limitations (Beneficial Ownership Limitation) set forth in the Exchanged Warrants (or, if applicable and at the Holders election, 9.99%), the Company shall only issue such number of New Shares and Additional New Shares to the Holder that would not cause the Holder to exceed the maximum number of Warrant Shares (as defined in the applicable Exchanged Warrant) permitted thereunder, as directed by the Holder, with the balance to be issued as pre-funded warrants.

Holder represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it shall be issued any Additional New Shares it will be, an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. Holder represents and warrants that it is acquiring the Additional New Shares as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of the Additional New Shares (this representation is not limiting Holders right to sell the Additional New Shares pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

ArticleII

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF HOLDER

To induce the Company to enter into and perform its obligations under this Amendment Agreement, Holder hereby represents and warrants to the Company as of the date hereof as follows:

Section 2.1Existence. Holder has been duly organized and is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation.

2

Section 2.2Authority and Capacity; No Conflicts. Holder has all requisite power, authority and capacity to enter into and perform its obligations under this Amendment Agreement and all action required to be taken for the due and proper authorization, execution and delivery by it of this Amendment Agreement and the consummation of the Exchange Transaction has been duly and validly taken, and the consummation of the Exchange Transaction will not violate any law applicable to Holder or result in a breach of or default under Holders organizational documents or any agreement to which Holder is a party or by which Holder is bound.

Section 2.3Binding Agreement. This Amendment Agreement has been duly authorized and validly executed and delivered by or on behalf of Holder and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Holder, enforceable in accordance with and subject to its terms, except to the extent enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other laws affecting enforcement of creditors rights or by general equitable principles.

Section 2.4Title. Holder has good and valid title to the Exchanged Warrants, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, equities or claims, and upon transfer of the Exchanged Warrants pursuant hereto, good and valid title to the Exchanged Warrants, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, equities or claims, will pass to the Company. The Holder has not sold, distributed, pledged or otherwise transferred all or any portion, or any interest in, the Exchanged Warrants, nor agreed to do so.

Section 2.5Non-Reliance. Holder (a) is not relying on the Company for any legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory advice, (b) has consulted with its own advisors concerning such matters and (c) has conducted to its satisfaction an independent investigation and verification of the financial condition, results of operations, assets, liabilities, properties and operations of the Company, (d) in determining to proceed with the Exchange Transaction, has relied solely on the results of such independent investigation and verification and on the representations and warranties of the Company in Article III, and (e) acknowledges that the Company is entering into this Amendment Agreement with it in reliance on the acknowledgments, agreements, representations and warranties set forth in this Article II. The Holder acknowledges that the Company may enter into agreements with other holders of Common Stock purchase warrants of the Company for the exchange of such warrants for securities of the Company.

Section 2.6No Approvals or Consents. No consent, approval or authorization of or exemption by, or declaration, filing or registration with or notice to, any third party or any legislative, executive, judicial, or administrative body, including any court, tribunal, arbitrator, authority, agency, commission, official or other instrumentality, of the government of the United States or of any foreign country, any state or any political subdivision of any such government (whether state, provincial, county, city, municipal or otherwise) is required in connection with the execution and delivery by Holder of this Amendment Agreement or the consummation of the Exchange Transaction except for the Required Approvals (as defined in the Warrant Exchange Agreement).

Section 2.7Accredited Investor; Legends. Holder represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it shall be issued any New Shares it will be, an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, and agrees that the New Shares will contain the restrictive legends when issued as set forth in the Exchange and Reload Agreement, and the New Shares will not be registered under the Securities Act, except as provided in the Warrant Amendment Agreement. Also, Holder represents and warrants that it is acquiring the New Shares as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of the New Shares (this representation is not limiting Holders right to sell the New Shares pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

ArticleIII

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

To induce Holder to enter into and perform its obligations under this Amendment Agreement, the Company hereby represents and warrants to Holder as of the date hereof as follows:

3

Section 3.1Existence. The Company is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

Section 3.2Authority and Capacity. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Amendment Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, its board of directors or its stockholders in connection herewith, other than in connection with the Required Approvals (as defined in the Warrant Amendment Agreement). This Amendment Agreement has been duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

Section 3.3No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents; or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any liens, claims, security interests, other encumbrances or defects upon any of the properties or assets of the Company in connection with, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any material agreement, credit facility, debt or other material instrument (evidencing Company debt or otherwise) or other material understanding to which such Company is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals (as defined herein), conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, except, in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect upon the business, prospects, properties, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the Company, taken as a whole, or in its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

Section 3.4No Approvals or Consents. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Amendment Agreement, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to this Amendment Agreement, the Warrant Exchange Agreement or the Exercise and Reload Agreement, (ii) application(s) or notice to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the New Shares and the listing of the New Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iii) the filing of Form D with the Commission, (iv) the Stockholder Approval; and (v) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

ArticleIV

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 4.1Further Assurances. Each of the parties hereto shall do and perform and execute and deliver, or cause to be done and performed or executed and delivered, and without further consideration, all further acts and all other agreements, certificates, book entries, instruments, instructions and documents as may be necessary or as any other party hereto may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Amendment Agreement and the consummation of the Exchange Transaction.

4

Section 4.2Amendments and Waivers. Other than as amended, consented to or waived herein, all other provisions of the Warrant Exchange Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Amendment Agreement may be amended if, but only if, such amendment is in writing and is duly executed and delivered by the Company and Holder. Any provision of this Amendment Agreement may be waived by the party entitled to the benefit thereof, but only by a writing signed by such party. No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

Section 4.3Notices.

(a) All notices and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) on the date of delivery, if delivered personally or by e-mail prior to 5:00 p.m., in the place of delivery and such day is a Business Day; otherwise, the next Business Day, (ii) on the first Business Day following the date of dispatch if delivered express mail by a recognized overnight courier service or (iii) on the third Business Day following the date of mailing if delivered by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, to the parties to this Agreement at the address set forth in the Exercise and Reload Agreement or to such other address either party to this Agreement shall specify by notice given in accordance with this Section 4.3.

(b) For the purposes of this Section 4.3, Business Day shall mean any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of such commercial banks are generally open for use by customers on such day.

Section 4.4Fees and Expenses. Each party hereto shall pay all of its own fees and expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred in connection with this Amendment Agreement and the Exchange Transaction.

Section 4.5Successors and Assigns; No Third Party Beneficiaries. The provisions of this Amendment Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns and to no other person, provided that neither party may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Amendment Agreement without the consent of the other party hereto. Each party to this Amendment Agreement acknowledges and agrees that this Amendment Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.

Section 4.6 Entire Agreement. This Amendment Agreement (including any schedules hereto) constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior understandings, agreements, negotiations and discussions, both written and oral, between the parties hereto and/or their affiliates with respect to the subject matter hereof.

Section 4.7Severability. In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstances, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect for any reason, the validity, legality and enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not be in any way impaired thereby, it being intended that all of the rights and privileges of the parties shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. To the extent that any such provision is so held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the parties shall in good faith use commercially reasonable efforts to find and effect an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such provision.

5

Section 4.8 Counterparts. This Amendment Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same the same instrument. Counterparts may be signed by any electronic signature and be delivered via electronic mail (including pdf) or other electronic transmission method, and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

Section 4.9Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Amendment Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with, and shall be governed by, the laws of the State of New York without reference to, and regardless of, any applicable choice or conflicts of laws principles to the extent that such principles would direct a matter to another jurisdiction. Each party to this Agreement agrees that it shall bring any action or proceeding in respect of any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement exclusively in the courts of the State of New York and the Federal courts of the United States of America located in the Southern District of New York (the Chosen Courts), and solely in connection with claims arising under this Agreement (i) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts, (ii) waives any objection to laying venue in any such action or proceeding in the Chosen Courts, (iii) waives any objection that the Chosen Courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction over any party to this Agreement and (iv) agrees that service of process upon such party in any such action or proceeding shall be effective if notice is given in accordance with Section 4.3. Each party to this Agreement irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment Agreement has been signed by the parties hereto as of the date first above written.

CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: /s/ David Lazar 

Name: David Lazar 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

ARMISTICE CAPITAL MASTER FUND LTD. 

By: /s/ Steven Boyd 

Name: Steven Boyd 

Title: CIO of Armistice Capital, LLC, the investment manager 

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cyclacel_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of February 5, 2025 (the Execution Date), by and between CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and HELENA SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES 1 LTD (the Investor).

WHEREAS:

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company wishes to sell to the Investor, and the Investor wishes to buy from the Company, up to Twenty-Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock). The shares of Common Stock to be purchased hereunder are referred to herein as the Purchase Shares.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS.

For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Additional VWAP Purchase Date means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof, the Business Day (i) that is the VWAP Purchase Date with respect to the corresponding VWAP Purchase referred to in clause (i) of the proviso in the second sentence of Section 2(c) hereof and (ii) on which the Investor receives, after 2:00 p.m., Eastern time, but prior to 4:00 p.m., Eastern time, on such Business Day, a valid Additional VWAP Purchase Notice for such Additional VWAP Purchase in accordance with this Agreement.

(b) Additional VWAP Purchase Minimum Price Threshold means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof, eighty-five percent (85%) of the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Business Day immediately preceding the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date with respect to such Additional VWAP Purchase.

(c) Additional VWAP Purchase Notice means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof, an irrevocable written notice from the Company to the Investor directing the Investor to purchase the number of Purchase Shares specified by the Company therein as the Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount to be purchased by the Investor (such specified Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 2(c) hereof as necessary to give effect to the Purchase Share amount limitations applicable to such Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount as set forth in this Agreement) at the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Price on the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date for such Additional VWAP Purchase.

(d) Additional VWAP Purchase Price means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof, the lesser of ninety-five percent (95%) of (i) the lowest Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Business Day immediately preceding such Additional VWAP Purchase Date (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction) and (ii) the VWAP for the period on the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date, beginning at the latest of (A) the applicable VWAP Purchase Termination Time with respect to the corresponding VWAP Purchase referred to in clause (i) of the proviso in the second sentence of Section 2(c) hereof on such Additional VWAP Purchase Date, (B) the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Termination Time with respect to the most recently completed prior Additional VWAP Purchase on such Additional VWAP Purchase Date, as applicable, and (C) the time at which the Transfer Agent has acknowledged the receipt of, and confirmed the processing of, a Transfer Agent Instruction Letter with respect to all Purchase Shares subject to all prior VWAP Purchases and Additional VWAP Purchases (as applicable), including, without limitation, those that have been effected on the same Business Day as the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date with respect to which the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase relates (such latest of (ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(C) above, the Additional VWAP Purchase Commencement Time), and ending at the earliest of (X) 2:00 p.m., Eastern time, on such Additional VWAP Purchase Date, or such other time publicly announced by the Principal Market as the official close of trading on the Principal Market on such Additional VWAP Purchase Date, (Y) such time, from and after the Additional VWAP Purchase Commencement Time for such Additional VWAP Purchase, that the total number (or volume) of shares of Common Stock traded on the Principal Market has exceeded the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum, and (Z) such time, from and after the Additional VWAP Purchase Commencement Time for such Additional VWAP Purchase, that the Sale Price has fallen below the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Minimum Price Threshold (such earliest of (X), (Y) and (Z) above, the Additional VWAP Purchase Termination Time). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that (a) the Investor is the holder of any Common Stock on the Additional VWAP Purchase Date and (b) if within three (3) Business Days following an Additional VWAP Purchase Date, the Company issues or sells any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (calculated on an as converted, as exercised basis), in each case other than pursuant to an Exempt Issuance, pursuant to which shares of Common Stock may be acquired at a New Issuance Price, then at the option of the Investor, the Additional VWAP Purchase Price related to that subject Additional VWAP Purchase Notice may be reduced to the New Issuance Price, subject to Section 2(e) (ii) hereof.

(e) Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof, the number of Purchase Shares directed by the Company to be purchased by the Investor on an Additional VWAP Purchase Notice, which number of Purchase Shares shall not exceed the lesser of (i) 300% of the number of Purchase Shares directed by the Company to be purchased by the Investor pursuant to the corresponding Fixed Purchase Notice for the corresponding Fixed Purchase referred to in clause (i) of the proviso in the second sentence of Section 2(c) hereof (subject to the Purchase Share limitations contained in Section 2(a) hereof) and (ii) an amount equal to (A) the Additional VWAP Purchase Share Percentage multiplied by (B) the total number (or volume) of shares of Common Stock traded on the Principal Market during the period on the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date beginning at the Additional VWAP Purchase Commencement Time for such Additional VWAP Purchase and ending at the Additional VWAP Purchase Termination Time for such Additional VWAP Purchase.

(f) Additional VWAP Purchase Share Percentage means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof, thirty percent (30%).

(g) Additional VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the number of Purchase Shares specified by the Company in the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Notice as the Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount to be purchased by the Investor in such Additional VWAP Purchase, divided by (ii) the Additional VWAP Purchase Share Percentage (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction).

2

(h) Available Amount means, initially, Twenty-Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000) in the aggregate, which amount shall be reduced by the Purchase Amount each time the Investor purchases Purchase Shares pursuant to Section 2 hereof.

(i) Bankruptcy Law means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

(j) Business Day means any day on which the Principal Market is open for trading, including any day on which the Principal Market is open for trading for a period of time less than the customary time.

(k) Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing sale price on such date for such security on the Principal Market as reported by the Principal Market (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction).

(l) Common Stock Equivalent means any securities of the Company entitling the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(m) Confidential Information means any information disclosed by either party to the other party, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally or by inspection of tangible objects (including, without limitation, documents, prototypes, samples, plant and equipment), which is designated as Confidential, Proprietary or some similar designation. Information communicated orally shall be considered Confidential Information if such information is confirmed in writing as being Confidential Information within ten (10) Business Days after the initial disclosure. Confidential Information may also include information disclosed to a disclosing party by third parties. Confidential Information shall not, however, include any information which (i) was publicly known and made generally available in the public domain prior to the time of disclosure by the disclosing party; (ii) becomes publicly known and made generally available after disclosure by the disclosing party to the receiving party through no action or inaction of the receiving party; (iii) is already in the possession of the receiving party without confidential restriction at the time of disclosure by the disclosing party as shown by the receiving partys files and records immediately prior to the time of disclosure; (iv) is obtained by the receiving party from a third party without a breach of such third partys obligations of confidentiality; (v) is independently developed by the receiving party without use of or reference to the disclosing partys Confidential Information, as shown by documents and other competent evidence in the receiving partys possession; or (vi) is required by law to be disclosed by the receiving party, provided that (X) the receiving party (1) gives the disclosing party prompt written notice of such requirement prior to such disclosure and assistance in obtaining an order protecting the information from public disclosure and (2) furnishes only that portion of the Confidential Information that is legally required to be disclosed, and (Y) any Confidential Information so disclosed shall maintain its confidentiality protection for all purposes other than such legally required disclosure.

(n) Custodian means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

(o) DTC means The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing substantially the same function for the Company.

3

(p) DWAC Shares means shares of Common Stock that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) the resale of which is registered under an effective registration statement and (iii) timely credited, once a DWAC notice is received, by the Company to the Investors or its designees specified Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC) account with DTC under its Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

(q) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(r) Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (i) Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents, options or other equity incentive awards to employees, officers, directors, consultants or vendors of the Company pursuant to any equity incentive plan duly adopted for such purpose, by the Companys Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of the Board of Directors established for such purpose, (ii) any Securities issued to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) any securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents held by the Investor at any time, (iv) any securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Common Stock Equivalents that are issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement including, without limitation, the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and the securities to be issued to Armistice pursuant to the Warrant Exchange Agreement, as amended, provided that such securities referred to in this clause (iv) have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities, (v) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions, divestitures, licenses, partnerships, collaborations or strategic transactions approved by the Companys Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of directors established for such purpose, or (vi) Common Stock issued pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plan.

(s) Fixed Purchase Date means, with respect to a Fixed Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof, the Business Day on which the Investor receives, after 9:30 a.m., Eastern time, but prior to 11:00 a.m., Eastern time, on such Business Day, a valid Fixed Purchase Notice for such Fixed Purchase in accordance with this Agreement.

(t) Fixed Purchase Notice means, with respect to any Fixed Purchase pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof, an irrevocable written notice from the Company to the Investor directing the Investor to buy such applicable amount of Purchase Shares at the applicable Fixed Purchase Price as specified by the Company therein on the applicable Fixed Purchase Date for such Fixed Purchase.

(u) Fixed Purchase Price means, with respect to any Fixed Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof, ninety-five percent (95%) of the average of the daily VWAP for the Common Stock during the two (2) consecutive Business Days ending on the Business Day immediately preceding such Fixed Purchase Date for such Fixed Purchase (in each case, to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split or other similar transaction that occurs on or after the date of this Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that (a) the Investor is the holder of any Common Stock on the Fixed Purchase Date and (b) if within three (3) Business Days immediately following a Fixed Purchase Date, the Company issues or sells any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (calculated on an as converted, as exercised basis), in each case other than pursuant to an Exempt Issuance, pursuant to which shares of Common Stock may be acquired at a per share price less than the Fixed Purchase Price for such Fixed Purchase (the New Issuance Price), then the Fixed Purchase Price related to that subject Fixed Purchase Notice shall be reduced to the New Issuance Price, subject to Section 2(e) (ii) hereof.

4

(v) Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) the results of operations, assets, business or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than any material adverse effect that resulted primarily from (A) any change in the United States or foreign economies or securities or financial markets in general that does not have a disproportionate effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (B) any change that generally affects the industry in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate that does not have a disproportionate effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (C) any change arising in connection with pandemics, earthquakes, hostilities, acts of war, sabotage or terrorism or military actions or any escalation or material worsening of any such hostilities, acts of war, sabotage or terrorism or military actions, (D) any action taken, or omitted to be taken, by the Investor, its affiliates or its or their respective successors and assigns with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (E) the effect of any change in applicable laws or accounting rules that does not have a disproportionate effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (F) any change resulting from compliance with terms of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (iii) the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document to be performed as of the date of determination.

(w) Maturity Date means the first day of the month immediately following the thirty-six (36) month anniversary of the Commencement Date.

(x) Person means an individual or entity including but not limited to any limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization and a government or any department or agency thereof.

(aa) Principal Market means The Nasdaq Capital Market (or any nationally recognized successor thereto); provided, however, that in the event the Companys Common Stock is not listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market (or any nationally recognized successor thereto) but is then listed or traded on The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the NYSE Arca, or the OTCQB or the OTCQX operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or any nationally recognized successor to any of the foregoing), then the Principal Market shall mean such other market or exchange on which the Companys Common Stock is then listed or traded.

(ab) Purchase Amount means, with respect to any Fixed Purchase, any VWAP Purchase or any Additional VWAP Purchase made hereunder, as applicable, the portion of the Available Amount to be purchased by the Investor pursuant to Section 2 hereof.

(ac) Purchase Date means any date that is a Fixed Purchase Date, a VWAP Purchase Date and/or an Additional VWAP Purchase Date, as applicable.

(ad) Sale Price means any trade price for the shares of Common Stock on the Principal Market as reported by the Principal Market.

(ae) Registration Statement means a registration statement of the Company on Form S-1 or Form S-3 registering for resale the Purchase Shares and the Commitment Shares.

5

(af) SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

(ag) Securities means, collectively, the Purchase Shares, and the Commitment Shares.

(ah) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(ai) Subsidiary means any Person the Company wholly owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the voting stock or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act.

(aj) Transaction Documents means, collectively, this Agreement and the schedules and exhibits hereto, and each of the other agreements, documents, certificates and instruments entered into or furnished by the parties hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

(ak) Transfer Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC or such other Person who is then serving as the transfer agent for the Company in respect of the Common Stock.

(al) VWAP means in respect of a Fixed Purchase Date, a VWAP Purchase Date and an Additional VWAP Purchase Date, as applicable, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock on the Principal Market, as reported by Bloomberg, L.P. using the AQR function.

(am) VWAP Purchase Date means, with respect to any VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof, the Business Day that is the applicable Fixed Purchase Date with respect to the corresponding Fixed Purchase referred to in clause (i) of the second sentence of Section 2(b) hereof.

(an) VWAP Purchase Minimum Price Threshold means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof, eighty-five percent (85%) of the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Business Day immediately preceding the applicable Fixed Purchase Date with respect to the corresponding Fixed Purchase referred to in clause (i) of the second sentence of Section 2(b) hereof.

(ao) VWAP Purchase Notice means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof, an irrevocable written notice from the Company to the Investor directing the Investor to purchase the number of Purchase Shares specified by the Company therein as the VWAP Purchase Share Amount to be purchased by the Investor (such specified VWAP Purchase Share Amount subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 2(b) hereof as necessary to give effect to the Purchase Share amount limitations applicable to such VWAP Purchase Share Amount as set forth in this Agreement) at the applicable VWAP Purchase Price on the applicable VWAP Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase.

(ap) VWAP Purchase Price means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof, the lesser of ninety-five percent (95%) of (i) the lowest Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Business Day immediately preceding such applicable VWAP Purchase Date (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction); and (ii) the VWAP for the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., Eastern time, on the applicable VWAP Purchase Date, or such other time publicly announced by the Principal Market as the official open (or commencement) of trading on the Principal Market on such applicable VWAP Purchase Date (the VWAP Purchase Commencement Time),

6

and
ending at the earliest of (A) 11:00:00 a.m., Eastern time, on such applicable VWAP Purchase Date, (B) such time, from and after the VWAP
Purchase Commencement Time for such VWAP Purchase, that the total number (or volume) of shares of Common Stock traded on the Principal
Market has exceeded the applicable VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum, and (C) such time, from and after the VWAP Purchase Commencement
Time for such VWAP Purchase, that the Sale Price has fallen below the applicable VWAP Purchase Minimum Price Threshold (such earliest
time described in (ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(C) above, the VWAP Purchase Termination Time). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the event that (a) the Investor is the holder of any Common Stock on the VWAP Purchase Date and (b) if within three (3) Business Days
following a VWAP Purchase Date, the Company issues or sells any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (calculated on an
as converted, as exercised basis), in each case other than pursuant to an Exempt Issuance, pursuant to which shares of Common Stock may
be acquired at a New Issuance Price, then at the option of the Investor, the VWAP Purchase Price related to that subject VWAP Purchase
Notice may be reduced to the New Issuance Price, subject to Section 2(e) (ii) hereof.

(aq) VWAP Purchase Share Amount means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof, the number of Purchase Shares directed by the Company to be purchased by the Investor in a VWAP Purchase Notice, which number of Purchase Shares shall not exceed the lesser of (i) 300% of the number of Fixed Purchase Shares directed by the Company to be purchased by the Investor pursuant to the corresponding Fixed Purchase Notice for the corresponding Fixed Purchase referred to in clause (i) of the second sentence of Section 2(b) hereof (subject to the Purchase Share limitations contained in Section 2(a) hereof) and (ii) an amount equal to (A) the VWAP Purchase Share Percentage multiplied by (B) the total number (or volume) of shares of Common Stock traded on the Principal Market during the period on the applicable VWAP Purchase Date beginning at the VWAP Purchase Commencement Time for such VWAP Purchase and ending at the VWAP Purchase Termination Time for such VWAP Purchase.

(ar) VWAP Purchase Share Percentage means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof, thirty percent (30%).

(as) VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the number of Purchase Shares specified by the Company in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice as the VWAP Purchase Share Amount to be purchased by the Investor in such VWAP Purchase, divided by (ii) the VWAP Purchase Share Percentage (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction).

2. PURCHASE OF COMMON STOCK.

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to sell to the Investor, in the Companys sole and absolute discretion, and the Investor has the obligation to purchase from the Company, Purchase Shares as follows:

7

(a) Commencement of Fixed Sales of Common Stock. Upon the satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in Sections 7 and 8 hereof (the Commencement and the date of satisfaction of such conditions the Commencement Date) and thereafter, until the Maturity Date or as earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of a Fixed Purchase Notice from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, to purchase the applicable Purchase Shares at the Fixed Purchase Price on the Fixed Purchase Date therefor in accordance with this Agreement (each such purchase, a Fixed Purchase); provided, however that the Investors committed obligation under any single Fixed Purchase shall not be less than $10,000 and shall not exceed $250,000 of shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment as set forth below in this Section 2(a) (such maximum number of Purchase Shares, as may be adjusted from time to time, the Fixed Purchase Share Limit). If the Company delivers any Fixed Purchase Notice for a Purchase Amount in excess of the limitations contained in the immediately preceding sentence, such Fixed Purchase Notice shall be void ab initio to the extent of the amount by which the number of Purchase Shares set forth in such Fixed Purchase Notice exceeds the number of Purchase Shares that the Company is permitted to include in such Fixed Purchase Notice in accordance herewith, and the Investor shall have no obligation to purchase such excess Purchase Shares in respect of such Fixed Purchase Notice; provided, however, that the Investor shall remain obligated to purchase the number of Purchase Shares that the Company is permitted to include in such Fixed Purchase Notice. The Company may deliver a Fixed Purchase Notice to the Investor as often as every third (3rd) Business Day following the preceding Fixed Purchase Notice so long as (i) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fixed Purchase Date is not less than the $0.20 and (ii) the Transfer Agent has acknowledged the receipt of, and confirmed the processing of, a Transfer Agent Instruction Letter with respect to all Purchase Shares subject to any prior Fixed Purchase, provided that the Investor may waive any component of the foregoing in any particular case.

(b) VWAP Purchases. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, from and after the Commencement Date, until the Maturity Date or as earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, in addition to Fixed Purchases as described in Section 2(a) above, the Company shall also have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of a VWAP Purchase Notice from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, to purchase the applicable VWAP Purchase Share Amount at the VWAP Purchase Price on the VWAP Purchase Date therefor in accordance with this Agreement (each such purchase, a VWAP Purchase). The Company may deliver a VWAP Purchase Notice to the Investor only (i) on a Fixed Purchase Date on which the Company also properly submitted a Fixed Purchase Notice providing for a Fixed Purchase of a number of Fixed Purchase Shares not less than the Fixed Purchase Share Limit then in effect on such Fixed Purchase Date in accordance with this Agreement, (ii) if the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Business Day immediately preceding such VWAP Purchase Date is not less than the $0.10, and (iii) if the Transfer Agent has acknowledged the receipt of, and confirmed the processing of, a Transfer Agent Instruction Letter with respect to all Purchase Shares subject to any prior VWAP Purchase. If the Company delivers any VWAP Purchase Notice directing the Investor to purchase an amount of Purchase Shares that exceeds the VWAP Purchase Share Amount that the Company is then permitted to include in such VWAP Purchase Notice, such VWAP Purchase Notice shall be void ab initio to the extent of the amount by which the number of Purchase Shares set forth in such VWAP Purchase Notice exceeds the VWAP Purchase Share Amount that the Company is then permitted to include in such VWAP Purchase Notice (which shall be confirmed in a VWAP Purchase Confirmation), and the Investor shall have no obligation to purchase such excess Purchase Shares in respect of such VWAP Purchase Notice; provided, however, that the Investor shall remain obligated to purchase the VWAP Purchase Share Amount which the Company is permitted to include in such VWAP Purchase Notice. Within one (1) Business Day after each VWAP Purchase Date for a VWAP Purchase, the Investor will provide to the Company a written confirmation of such VWAP Purchase setting forth the applicable VWAP Purchase Share Amount and VWAP Purchase Price for such VWAP Purchase (each, a VWAP Purchase Confirmation).

8

(c) Additional VWAP Purchases. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, from and after the Commencement Date, until the Maturity Date or as earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, in addition to purchases of Purchase Shares as described in Section 2(a) and Section 2(b) above, the Company shall also have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of an Additional VWAP Purchase Notice on an Additional VWAP Purchase Date in accordance with this Agreement, to purchase the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount at the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Price therefor in accordance with this Agreement (each such purchase, an Additional VWAP Purchase). The Company may deliver multiple Additional VWAP Purchase Notices to the Investor on an Additional VWAP Purchase Date; provided, however, that the Company may deliver an Additional VWAP Purchase Notice to the Investor only (i) on a Business Day that is also the VWAP Purchase Date for a VWAP Purchase with respect to which the Company properly submitted to the Investor a VWAP Purchase Notice in accordance with this Agreement, (ii) if the Transfer Agent has acknowledged the receipt of, and confirmed the processing of, a Transfer Agent Instruction Letter with respect to all Purchase Shares subject to any prior Additional VWAP Purchases, including, without limitation, those that have been effected on the same Business Day as the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date with respect to which the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase relates, and (iii) if such notice is delivered prior to 2:00 p.m., Eastern time. If the Company delivers any Additional VWAP Purchase Notice directing the Investor to purchase an amount of Purchase Shares that exceeds the Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount that the Company is then permitted to include in such Additional VWAP Purchase Notice, such Additional VWAP Purchase Notice shall be void ab initio to the extent of the amount by which the number of Purchase Shares set forth in such Additional VWAP Purchase Notice exceeds the Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount that the Company is then permitted to include in such Additional VWAP Purchase Notice (which shall be confirmed in an Additional VWAP Purchase Confirmation), and the Investor shall have no obligation to purchase such excess Purchase Shares in respect of such Additional VWAP Purchase Notice; provided, however, that the Investor shall remain obligated to purchase the Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount which the Company is permitted to include in such Additional VWAP Purchase Notice. Within one (1) Business Day after each Additional VWAP Purchase Date, the Investor will provide to the Company a written confirmation of each Additional VWAP Purchase on such Additional VWAP Purchase Date setting forth the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount and Additional VWAP Purchase Price for each such Additional VWAP Purchase on such Additional VWAP Purchase Date (each, an Additional VWAP Purchase Confirmation).

(d) Payment for Purchase Shares.

(i) For each Fixed Purchase, the Investor shall pay to the Company an amount equal to the Purchase Amount with respect to such Fixed Purchase (less any clearing and deposit fees) as full payment for such Purchase Shares via wire transfer of immediately available funds on the third (3rd) Business Day following the Investors receipt of the Purchase Shares, if such Purchase Shares are received by the Investor before 1:00 p.m., Eastern time, or, if such Purchase Shares are received by the Investor after 1:00 p.m., Eastern time, the fourth (4th) Business Day following the Investors receipt of the Purchase Shares.

(ii) For each VWAP Purchase and each Additional VWAP Purchase, the Investor shall pay to the Company an amount equal to the Purchase Amount with respect to such VWAP Purchase and Additional VWAP Purchase, respectively, (less any clearing and deposit fees) as full payment for such Purchase Shares via wire transfer of immediately available funds on the third (3rd) Business Day following the Investors receipt of the Purchase Shares, if such Purchase Shares are received by the Investor before 1:00 p.m., Eastern time, or, if such Purchase Shares are received by the Investor after 1:00 p.m., Eastern time, the fourth (4th) Business Day following the Investors receipt of the Purchase Shares.

9

(iii) The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase or Additional VWAP Purchase. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share of Common Stock up or down to the nearest whole share. All payments made under this Agreement shall be made in lawful currency of the United States of America by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account as the Company (or the Investor, as applicable) may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Agreement is due on any day that is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day that is a Business Day.

(e) Compliance with Rules of Principal Market.

(i) Exchange
Cap. Subject to Section 2(e) (ii) below, the Company shall not issue or sell any shares of Common Stock
pursuant to this Agreement, and the Investor shall not purchase or acquire any shares of Common Stock from the Company pursuant to
this Agreement, to the extent that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that would be issued
pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby exceed 2,250,100 (such number of shares equal to 19.99% of the
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately preceding the execution of this Agreement), which number of shares shall
be (i) reduced, on a share-for-share basis, by the number of shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any transaction
or series of transactions that may be aggregated with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under applicable rules of the
Principal Market and (ii) appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split or other
similar transaction that occurs after the date of this Agreement (such maximum number of shares, the Exchange
Cap), unless and until the Company elects to obtain stockholder approval of the issuance of Common Stock as contemplated
by this Agreement, and the stockholders of the Company have in fact approved the issuance of Common Stock as contemplated by this
Agreement in accordance with the applicable rules of the Principal Market. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may, but shall be
under no obligation to, request its stockholders to approve the issuance of Common Stock as contemplated by this Agreement; provided,
that if stockholder approval is not obtained in accordance with this Section 2(e)(i), the Exchange Cap shall be
applicable for all purposes of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby at all times during the term of this
Agreement (except as set forth in Section 2(e) (ii) below).

(ii) General. The Company shall not issue or sell any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement if such issuance or sale would reasonably be expected to result in (A) a violation of the Securities Act or (B) a breach of the rules and regulations of the Principal Market. The provisions of this Section 2(e) shall be implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms hereof only if necessary to ensure compliance with the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Principal Market.

(f) Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall not issue or sell, and the Investor shall not purchase or acquire, any shares of Common Stock under this Agreement which, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then beneficially owned by the Investor and its affiliates (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13d-3 promulgated thereunder), would result in the beneficial ownership by the Investor and its affiliates of more than 4.99% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), provided that, the Investor may increase the Beneficial Ownership Limitation up to 9.99% at its sole discretion upon sixty-one (61) days prior written notice to the Company; provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event will exceed 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement and the provisions of this Section 2(f) shall continue to apply. Upon the written or oral request of the Investor, the Company shall promptly (but not later than the next business day on which the Transfer Agent is open for business) confirm orally or in writing to the Investor the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. The Investor and the Company shall each cooperate in good faith in the determinations required hereby and the application hereof. The Investors written certification to the Company of the applicability of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the resulting effect thereof hereunder at any time, shall be conclusive with respect to the applicability thereof and such result absent manifest error.

10

(g) Aggregate VWAP Purchase Limitation. Notwithstanding any other terms of this Agreement, in no event shall the aggregate amount of Purchase Shares submitted in any single or combination of VWAP Purchase Notices and/or Additional VWAP Purchase Notices on a particular related VWAP Purchase Date and/or Additional VWAP Purchase Date require a payment from the Investor that exceeds $5,000,000, unless such limitation is waived by the Investor in its sole discretion as to any single or combination of VWAP Purchase Notices and/or Additional VWAP Purchase Notices on a particular related VWAP Purchase Date and/or Additional VWAP Purchase Date.

(h) Delivery of Purchase Notice. With respect to each Fixed Purchase Notice, VWAP Purchase Notice and/or Additional VWAP Purchase Notice, the Company shall deliver to the Investor a completed form of purchase notice in materially the form attached hereto as Exhibit D.

3. INVESTORS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

The Investor represents and warrants to the Company that as of the date hereof and as of the Commencement Date:

(a) Organization, Authority. Investor is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, with the requisite power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.

(b) Investment Purpose. The Investor is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account, for investment purposes, and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other Persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting the Investors right to sell the Securities at any time pursuant to the Registration Statement described herein or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Investor is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Accredited Investor Status. The Investor is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

(d) Reliance on Exemptions. The Investor understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Investors compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and effect, or encourage or direct any other Person to engage in or effect, in any manner whatsoever, directly or indirectly, any short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Common Stock from the Execution Date to the Maturity Date.

11

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.

The Company represents and warrants to the Investor that, except as set forth in the (i) SEC Documents or (ii) disclosure schedules attached hereto, which exceptions shall be deemed to be a part of the representations and warranties made hereunder, as of the Execution Date and as of the Commencement Date:

(a) Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite corporate power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification. The Company has no Subsidiaries required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, except as set forth in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 21, 2024.

(b) Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. (i) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and (subject to any applicable rules and regulations of the Principal Market) perform its obligations under this Agreement, and each of the other Transaction Documents, and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including without limitation, the reservation for issuance and the issuance of the Commitment Shares (as defined below in Section 5(e)) and the Purchase Shares issuable under this Agreement, have been duly authorized by the Companys Board of Directors (the Board of Directors) and no further consent or authorization is required by the Company, its Board of Directors or its stockholders (except as provided in this Agreement), (iii) each of this Agreement has been, and each other Transaction Document shall be on the Commencement Date, duly executed and delivered by the Company and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and each other Transaction Document upon its execution on behalf of the Company, shall constitute, the valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or other laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of creditors rights and remedies. The Board of Directors has approved the resolutions (the Signing Resolutions) substantially in the form provided to the Investor to authorize this Agreement, and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Signing Resolutions are valid, in full force and effect and have not been modified or supplemented in any respect. The Company has delivered to the Investor a true and correct copy of minutes of a meeting of the Board of Directors at which the Signing Resolutions were duly adopted by the Board of Directors or a unanimous written consent adopting the Signing Resolutions executed by all of the members of the Board of Directors. Except as set forth in this Agreement, no other approvals or consents of the Board of Directors, any authorized committee thereof, or stockholders (except as provided in this Agreement) is necessary under applicable laws and the Certificate of Incorporation (as defined below) or Bylaws (as defined below) to authorize the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents or any of the transactions contemplated thereby, including, but not limited to, the issuance of the Commitment Shares and the issuance of the Purchase Shares.

12

(c) Capitalization. As of the Execution Date, the authorized capital stock of the Company is set forth in the SEC Documents. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents (as defined below), (i) no shares of the Companys capital stock are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or any liens or encumbrances suffered or permitted by the Company, (ii) there are no outstanding debt securities, (iii) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under the Securities Act, (v) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (vi) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities as described in this Agreement and (vii) the Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. The Company has furnished or made available (provided that any documents filed with the SEC and available on the SECs EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been made available) to the Investor true and correct copies of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and as in effect on the Execution Date (the Certificate of Incorporation), and the Companys Bylaws, as amended and as in effect on the Execution Date (the Bylaws), and summaries of the material terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock, if any, and copies of any documents containing the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto that are not disclosed in the SEC Documents.

(d) Issuance of Securities. Upon issuance and payment therefor in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Purchase Shares shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens, charges, restrictions, rights of first refusal and preemptive rights with respect to the issue thereof, with the holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. Upon issuance in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement the Commitment Shares (as defined in Section 5(e)) shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens, charges, restrictions, rights of first refusal and preemptive rights with respect to the issue thereof, with the holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. 75,000,000 shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance upon purchase under this Agreement as Purchase Shares.

(e) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the reservation for issuance and issuance of the Purchase Shares and the Commitment Shares) will not (i) result in a violation of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations, the rules of the Principal Market applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except in the case of conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations under clause (ii),

13

which
would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries is in violation of
any term of or in default under its certificate or articles of incorporation, any certificate of designation, preferences and rights
of any outstanding series of preferred stock of the Company or bylaws or other organizational documents, as applicable. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice
or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received
written notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other
agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation
has been waived); (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority; or
(iii) is in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign,
federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety
and employment and labor matters, except in each case as would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws and
the rules of the Principal Market, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or
registration with, any court or governmental agency or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency in order for it to execute, deliver or
perform any of its obligations under or contemplated by the Transaction Documents in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof. Except
as set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, all consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required
to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be obtained or effected on or prior to the Commencement Date. Except as disclosed
in the SEC Documents, since one year prior to the Execution Date, the Company has not received nor delivered any notices or correspondence
from or to the Principal Market, other than notices with respect to the Companys original listing application for the listing
of the Common Stock on the Principal Market, the listing of additional shares of Common Stock and other routine correspondence. Except
as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Principal Market has not commenced any delisting proceedings against the Company.

(f) SEC Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the twelve months preceding the Execution Date (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, including the exhibits thereto, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Documents) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Documents prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents compiled in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and Exchange Act, as applicable. None of the SEC Documents, when filed, contained any untrue statement of material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The consolidated financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents, together with the related notes and schedules, presented fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates indicated and the consolidated results of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders equity of the Company for the periods specified and were prepared in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act, as applicable, as in effect as of the time of filing and in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect as of the time of filing (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis (except (i) for such adjustments to accounting standards and practices as are noted therein 

14

and (ii) in the case of unaudited financial statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements, and subject to immaterial year-end audit adjustments) during the periods involved; the other financial and statistical data with respect to the Company contained or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents, are accurately and fairly presented in all material respects and prepared on a basis materially consistent with the financial statements and books and records of the Company, there are no financial statements (historical or pro forma) that are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents that are not included or incorporated by reference as required; the Company does not have any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent (including off balance sheet obligations) not described in the SEC Documents(including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference thereto), which are required to be described in the SEC Documents (including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference thereto); and all disclosures contained or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents, if any regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC) comply in all material respects with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. The Company does not have pending before the SEC any request for confidential treatment of information.

(g) Absence of Litigation. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding, or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action), which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty, which would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The SEC has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(h) Acknowledgment Regarding Investors Status. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to the Investors purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Investor that the Companys decision to enter into the Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives and advisors.

(i) No General Solicitation; No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities contemplated hereby. Neither the Company, nor or any of its affiliates, nor any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would require registration of the offer and sale of any of the Securities under the Securities Act, whether through integration with prior offerings or otherwise, or cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company in a manner that would require stockholder approval pursuant to the rules of the Principal Market. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder, as of the date of this Agreement, does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Principal Market.

15

(j) Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Documents and which the failure to so have would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Documents, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as would not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Title. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects (Liens) and, except for Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its Subsidiaries and Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and, to the knowledge of the Company, enforceable leases with which the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

16

(m) Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not materially and adversely affect the condition, financial or otherwise, or the earnings, business or operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(n) Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Documents, except where the failure to possess such permits would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of any Proceeding relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit. For all purposes of this Agreement, the term Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

(o) Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except for taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been established by the Company or that are being paid under an agreed up payment plan with the relevant taxing authority and (iii) accounted for any amount of taxes owed in the appropriate entries on its balance sheet and has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(p) Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

17

(q) Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and its Board of Directors have taken or will take prior to the Commencement Date all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Certificate of Incorporation or the laws of the state of its incorporation which is or could become applicable to the Investor as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Investors ownership of the Securities.

(r) Disclosure. Except (i) as set forth on Schedule 4(s) of the disclosure schedules hereto and (ii) with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents that will be timely publicly disclosed by the Company, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person authorized to act on its behalf has provided the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the SEC Documents. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting purchases and sales of securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company by a Person authorized by the Company to the Investor regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and at the time when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor neither makes nor has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3 hereof.

(s) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has, and to the Companys knowledge, no agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company and each Subsidiary has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company and each Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on behalf of the Company and each Subsidiary of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

(t) DTC Eligibility. The Company, through the Transfer Agent, currently participates in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) Program and the Common Stock can be transferred electronically to third parties via the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) Program.

18

(u) Sarbanes-Oxley Act; Internal Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the Execution Date, and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder that are effective as of the Execution Date. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Except as disclosed in the Companys most recently filed period report under the Exchange Act, since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(v) Certain Fees. Except as may be set forth on Schedule 4(w), the Company represents and warrants to the Investor that it has not engaged any financial advisor, placement agent, broker or finder in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any fees or commissions, if any, of any financial advisor, placement agent, broker or finder engaged by the Company relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company shall pay, and hold the Investor harmless against, any liability, loss or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and out of pocket expenses) arising in connection with any such claim made by a third party for any such fees or commissions of any financial advisor, placement agent, broker or finder engaged by the Company.

(w) Investment Company. Neither the Company or its Subsidiaries is or, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Securities to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement, will be, required to be registered as an investment company or an entity controlled by an investment company, as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(x) Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock pursuant to the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is currently contemplating terminating such registration. The issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are listed and admitted for trading on the Principal Market, and the Company is in compliance in all material respects with the current listing requirements of the Principal Market; and the Securities will be listed and admitted for trading on the Principal Market at or prior to Commencement, with respect to the Commitment Shares, and prior to the time of sale to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement, with respect to the Purchase Shares. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the Execution Date, received any notice from the Principal Market to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of the Principal Market. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents and set forth on Schedule 4(y) of the disclosure schedules hereto, the Company is, and currently has no reason to believe that it will not in the reasonably foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.

19

(y) Accountants. As of the Execution Date, the Companys accounting firm is Bush & Associates CPA LLP. To the knowledge of the Company, such accounting firm is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act.

(z) No Market Manipulation. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no Person acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

(aa) Shell Company Status. The Company is not currently, and to its knowledge has never been, an issuer identified in Rule 144(i)(1) under the Securities Act.

(bb) Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department.

(cc) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(dd) Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(ee) Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are conducted in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

20

(ff) Labor Matters. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(gg) Cybersecurity. (i)(x) To the Companys knowledge, there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all applicable judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with customary industry standards and practices.

(hh) Smaller Reporting Company Status. As of the Execution Date, the Company is, and as of the Commencement Date, the Company believes in good faith that it will be, a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

(ii) No Disqualification Events. None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering contemplated hereby, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3) under the Securities Act. The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event.

21

5. COVENANTS.

(a) Filing of Current Report. The Company agrees that it shall, within the time required under the Exchange Act, file with the SEC a report on Form 8-K relating to the transactions contemplated by, and describing the material terms and conditions of, this Agreement (the Current Report). The Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the Current Report within one (1) Business Day from the date the Investor receives the substantially final version thereof from the Company. The Investor shall cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of the Current Report.

(b) Blue Sky. The Company shall take all such action, if any, as is reasonably necessary in order to obtain an exemption for or to register or qualify (i) the issuance of the Commitment Shares and the sale of the Purchase Shares to the Investor under this Agreement and (ii) any subsequent resale of all Commitment Shares and all Purchase Shares by the Investor, in each case, under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States in such states as is reasonably requested by the Investor from time to time, and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Investor; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

(c) Listing/DTC. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly secure the listing of all of the Purchase Shares and Commitment Shares to be issued to the Investor hereunder on the Principal Market (subject to official notice of issuance) and upon each other national securities exchange or automated quotation system, if any, upon which the Common Stock is then listed, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain, so long as any shares of Common Stock shall be so listed, such listing of all such Securities from time to time issuable hereunder. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on the Principal Market and shall comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules and regulations of the Principal Market. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall take any action that would reasonably be expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Common Stock on the Principal Market. The Company shall promptly, and in no event later than four (4) Business Days after receipt, provide to the Investor copies of any notices it receives from any Person regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on the Principal Market; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to provide the Investor copies of any such notice that the Company reasonably believes constitutes material non-public information and the Company would not be required to publicly disclose such notice in any report or statement filed with the SEC and under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the requirements of this Section 5(c) shall be satisfied to the extent that the contents of such notice are made available through a document filed by the Company with the SEC and available on the SECs EDGAR system within the required time period. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section 5(c). The Company shall take commercially reasonable actions necessary to ensure that its Common Stock can be transferred electronically as DWAC Shares.

(d) Prohibition of Short Sales and Hedging Transactions. The Investor agrees that beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending on the date of termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 11, the Investor and its agents, representatives and affiliates shall not in any manner whatsoever (i) enter into or effect, or encourage or direct any other Person to enter into or effect, directly or indirectly, any (x) short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Common Stock or (y) hedging transaction, which establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Stock or (ii) be in violation of Regulation SHO.

22

(e) Issuance
of Commitment Shares. In consideration for the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall
cause to be issued to the Investor, a number of shares of Common Stock having a value equal to $125,000.00 (the Commitment
Shares). In furtherance of the foregoing (i) no later than the trading day following the Execution Date the Company shall
issue to the Investor a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the amount obtained by the dividing $62,500 by the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock over the three (3) trading days preceding the Execution Date, and (ii) on the day that is 90 days
following the Execution Date the Company shall issue to the Investor a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the amount obtained
by the dividing $62,500 by the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock over the three (3) trading days preceding the
90th day following Execution Date. For purposes of this Section 5(e) the average of the volume weighted average
prices of the Common Stock determined in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) of the foregoing sentence shall be referred to as the
Commitment Share Reference Price and the sum of the shares issued pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) of the foregoing
sentence shall be referred to as the Original Commitment Fee Share Amount. If the closing price of the Common Stock
provided on the Principal Market on the trading day immediately preceding the one-year anniversary of the Execution Date is less
than the Commitment Share Reference Price, the Company shall issue to the Investor additional shares of Common Stock as Commitment
Shares (the Make-Whole Shares) promptly following such one-year anniversary. The amount of Make-Whole Shares to
be issued shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) $125,000, by (b) the closing price of the Common Stock provided on
the Principal Market on the trading day immediately preceding the one-year anniversary of the Execution Date, minus the
Original Commitment Fee Share Amount (the Make-Whole Share Amount). In lieu of delivering the Make-Whole Shares
the Company may elect to pay to the Investor the cash value of the Make-Whole Shares by paying to the Investor a cash payment equal
to the closing price of the Common Stock provided on the Principal Market on the trading day immediately preceding the one-year
anniversary of the Execution Date multiplied by the Make-Whole Share Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Commitment
Shares and Make-Whole Shares shall be fully earned as of the Execution Date, and the issuance of the Commitment Shares and the
Make-Whole Shares is not contingent upon any other event or condition, (ii) the Company shall include on the Registration Statement
filed with the SEC, all of the Commitment Shares and Make-Whole Shares issuable, and (iii) no cash payment is due by the Investor
for the Commitment Shares and Make-Whole Shares issued to it by the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

(f) Due
Diligence; Non-Public Information. The Investor shall have the right, from time to time as the Investor may reasonably
deem appropriate, to perform reasonable due diligence on the Company during normal business hours upon three (3) Business
Days prior written notice. The Company and its officers and employees shall provide material information and reasonably
cooperate with the Investor in connection with any reasonable request by the Investor related to the Investors due diligence
of the Company. Each party hereto agrees not to disclose any Confidential Information of the other party to any third party and
shall not use the Confidential Information for any purpose other than in connection with, or in furtherance of, the transactions
contemplated hereby. Each party hereto acknowledges that the Confidential Information shall remain the property of the disclosing
party and agrees that it shall take all reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of any Confidential Information disclosed by the
other party. Except as set forth on Schedule 5(f) of the disclosure schedules hereto, the Company confirms that neither
it nor any other Person acting on its behalf shall provide the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that
constitutes or may reasonably be considered to constitute material, non-public information, unless a simultaneous public
announcement thereof is made by the Company in the manner contemplated by Regulation FD. In the event of a breach of the foregoing covenant by the Company or any Person acting on its behalf (as determined in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Investor),

23

in addition to any other remedy provided herein or in the other Transaction Documents, if the Investor is holding any Securities at the time of the disclosure of material, non-public information, the Investor shall have the right to make a public disclosure, in the form of a press release, public advertisement or otherwise, of such material, non-public information without the prior approval by the Company; provided the Investor shall have first provided notice to the Company that it believes it has received information that constitutes material, non-public information, the Company shall have at least two (2) Business Days to either (i) demonstrate that such information is not material non-public information to the reasonable satisfaction of the Investor or (ii) publicly disclose such material, nonpublic information prior to any such disclosure by the Investor; provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not apply with respect to the information set forth on Schedule 5(f) of the disclosure schedules hereto. The Investor shall not have any liability to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, stockholders or agents, for any such disclosure, so long as the Investor has complied with this Section 5(f). The Company understands and confirms that the Investor shall be relying on the foregoing covenants in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

(g) Purchase Records. The Investor and the Company shall each maintain records showing the remaining Available Amount at any given time and the dates and Purchase Amounts for each Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase and Additional VWAP Purchase or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Investor and the Company.

(h) Taxes. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp or similar taxes that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of any shares of Common Stock to the Investor made under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, any other taxes incurred by the Investor (including any taxes on income resulting from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) shall solely be the responsibility of the Investor.

(i) Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the net proceeds from the offering for any corporate purpose at the sole discretion of the Company.

(j) Other Transactions. During the term of this Agreement, the Company shall not enter into, announce or recommend to its stockholders any agreement, plan, arrangement or transaction in or of which the terms thereof would restrict, materially delay, conflict with or impair the ability or right of the Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, the obligation of the Company to deliver the Purchase Shares and the Commitment Shares to the Investor in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents.

(k) Integration. From and after the date of this Agreement, neither the Company, nor or any of its affiliates will, and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that no Person acting on their behalf will, directly or indirectly, make any offers or sales of any security or solicit any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would reasonably be expected to (i) require registration of the offer and sale by the Company to the Investor of any of the Securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) cause this offering of the Securities by the Company to the Investor to be integrated with other offerings by the Company in a manner that would require stockholder approval pursuant to the rules of the Principal Market, unless in the case of this clause (ii), stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction in accordance with the rules of such Principal Market.

(l) Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents or any other writing to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation and preparation this Agreement, provided however that on the Execution Date, the Company shall pay a document preparation fee to the Investor to reimburse up to $25,000 of the Investors legal fees.

24

(m) Trading Cap. On any Business Day, the Investor shall not sell Purchase Shares in an amount greater than twenty percent (20%) of the Purchase Shares received on such Business Day if the price for any such trade is less than the purchase price for the subject Purchase Shares, provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply on any Business Day that the trading price for such sale exceeds the purchase price of the subject Purchase Shares.

6. TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS.

On the Commencement Date, the Company shall issue to the Transfer Agent, or any subsequent transfer agent, a form of instruction letter in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter) to advise the Transfer Agent of the Commencement. All Purchase Shares and Commitment Shares to be issued from and after the Commencement to or for the benefit of the Investor pursuant to this Agreement shall be issued only as DWAC Shares. The Company represents and warrants to the Investor that, while this Agreement is in effect, no instruction other than instruction letters in the form of the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter referred to in this Section 6 will be given by the Company to the Transfer Agent with respect to the Purchase Shares or the Commitment Shares from and after Commencement, and the Purchase Shares and the Commitment Shares covered by the Registration Statement shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company. If the Investor effects a sale, assignment or transfer of the Purchase Shares or the Commitment Shares, the Company shall permit the transfer and shall promptly instruct the Transfer Agent (and any subsequent transfer agent) to issue DWAC Shares in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Investor to effect such sale, transfer or assignment. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Investor. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 6 will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section 6, that the Investor shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to seek an order and/or injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate issuance and transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

7. CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANYS RIGHT TO COMMENCE SALES OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK.

The right of the Company hereunder to commence sales of the Purchase Shares as of the Commencement Date is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions:

(a) The Investor shall have executed each of the Transaction Documents and delivered the same to the Company;

(b) A Registration Statement covering the resale of up to 75,000,000 Purchase Shares and all of the Commitment Shares shall have been declared effective under the Securities Act by the SEC, and no stop order with respect to the Registration Statement shall be pending or threatened by the SEC; and

(c) The representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Execution Date and as of the Commencement Date as though made at that time.

25

8. CONDITIONS TO THE INVESTORS OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK.

The obligation of the Investor to buy Purchase Shares under this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions on or prior to the Commencement Date and, once such conditions have been initially satisfied, there shall not be any ongoing obligation to satisfy such conditions after the Commencement has occurred:

(a)The Company shall have executed each of the Transaction Documents and delivered the same to the Investor;

(b) The Commitment Shares shall have been timely issued; and

(c) The Common Stock shall be listed or quoted on the Principal Market, subject only to customary listing conditions, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been within the last 365 days suspended by the SEC or the Principal Market, and all Common Stock representing Securities to be issued by the Company to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement shall have been approved for listing or quotation on the Principal Market in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations of the Principal Market, subject only to (i) the Exchange Cap and (ii) official notice of issuance and any standard listing conditions for transactions of this nature;

(d) The Investor shall have received the opinion of the Companys legal counsel, dated as of the Commencement Date, substantially in the form heretofore agreed by the parties hereto;

(e) The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent that any of such representations and warranties is already qualified as to materiality in Section 4 above, in which case, the portion of such representations and warranties so qualified shall be true and correct without further qualification) as of the Execution Date and as of the Commencement Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Commencement Date. The Investor shall have received a certificate, executed by the CEO, President or CFO of the Company, dated as of the Commencement Date, to the foregoing effect in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A;

(f) The Board of Directors shall have adopted resolutions approving the transactions contemplated hereby, which resolutions shall be in full force and effect without any amendment or supplement thereto as of the Commencement Date;

(g) As of the Commencement Date, the Company shall have reserved out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting purchases of Purchase Shares hereunder, 75,000,000 shares of Common Stock.

(h)Reserved.

26

(i) The Company shall have delivered to the Investor a certificate evidencing the incorporation and good standing of the Company in the State of Delaware issued by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as of a date within ten (10) Business Days of the Commencement Date;

(j) The Company shall have delivered to the Investor a certified copy of the Certificate of Incorporation as certified by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware within ten (10) Business Days of the Commencement Date;

(k) The Company shall have delivered to the Investor an officers certificate executed by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated as of the Commencement Date, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B;

(l) The Registration Statement covering the resale of up to 75,000,000 Purchase Shares and all of the Commitment Shares shall have been declared effective under the Securities Act by the SEC, and no stop order with respect to the Registration Statement shall be pending or threatened by the SEC. The Company shall have prepared and filed with the SEC, not later than one (1) Business Day after the effective date of the Registration Statement, a final and complete prospectus (the preliminary form of which shall be included in the Registration Statement) and shall have delivered to the Investor a true and complete copy thereof. Such prospectus shall be current and available for the resale by the Investor of all of the Securities covered thereby. The Current Report shall have been filed with the SEC as required pursuant to Section 5(a). All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been filed by the Company with the SEC at or prior to the Commencement Date pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act shall have been filed with the SEC within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under the Exchange Act;

(m) No Suspension Event has occurred, or any event which, after notice and/or lapse of time, would become a Suspension Event has occurred;

(n) All federal, state and local governmental laws, rules and regulations applicable to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and necessary for the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby in accordance with the terms thereof shall have been complied with, and all consents, authorizations and orders of, and all filings and registrations with, all federal, state and local courts or governmental agencies and all federal, state and local regulatory or self-regulatory agencies necessary for the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby in accordance with the terms thereof shall have been obtained or made, including, without limitation, in each case those required under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or applicable rules and regulations of the Principal Market, or otherwise required by the SEC, the Principal Market or any state securities regulators;

(o) No statute, regulation, order, decree, writ, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated, threatened or endorsed by any federal, state or local court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction which prohibits the consummation of or which would materially modify or delay any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; and

(p) No action, suit or proceeding before any federal, state, local or foreign arbitrator or any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction shall have been commenced or threatened, and no inquiry or investigation by any federal, state, local or foreign governmental authority of competent jurisdiction shall have been commenced or threatened, against the Company, or any of the officers, directors or affiliates of the Company, seeking to restrain, prevent or change the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, or seeking material damages in connection with such transactions.

27

9. INDEMNIFICATION.

In consideration of the Investors execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and acquiring the Securities hereunder and in addition to all of the Companys other obligations under the Transaction Documents, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Investor and all of its affiliates, stockholders, members, officers, directors and employees and any of the foregoing Persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees) from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and reasonable expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities), actually incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in the Transaction Documents or any other certificate, instrument or document executed by the Company contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company contained in the Transaction Documents or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee and arising out of or resulting from the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of the Transaction Documents or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, other than, in the case of this clause (c), with respect to Indemnified Liabilities which directly and primarily result from the fraud, gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of an Indemnitee. The indemnity in this Section 9 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable law. Payment under this indemnification shall be made within thirty (30) days from the date the Investor makes written request for it; provided that the Investor shall promptly reimburse the Company for any portion of such payment that a court of competent jurisdiction determines by final and non-appealable judgment that any such Indemnitee was not entitled to receive hereunder. A certificate containing reasonable detail as to the amount of such indemnification submitted to the Company by the Investor shall be conclusive evidence, absent manifest error, of the amount due from the Company to the Investor. If any action shall be brought against any Indemnitee in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Indemnitee shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Indemnitee. Any Indemnitee shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnitee, except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of such separate counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Indemnitee, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable and documented out-of- pocket fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel.

28

10. SUSPENSION EVENTS.

A Suspension Event shall be deemed to have occurred at any time as any of the following events occurs and continues, taking into account any applicable grace or cure period:

(a) the effectiveness of a registration statement registering the resale of the Securities lapses for any reason (including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order or similar order) or such registration statement (or the prospectus forming a part thereof) is unavailable to the Investor for resale of any or all of the Securities to be issued to the Investor under the Transaction Documents, and such lapse or unavailability continues for a period of ten (10) consecutive Business Days or for more than an aggregate of thirty (30) Business Days in any 365-day period, but excluding a lapse or unavailability where (i) the Company terminates a registration statement after the Investor has confirmed in writing that all of the Securities covered thereby have been resold or (ii) the Company supersedes one registration statement with another registration statement, including (without limitation) by terminating a prior registration statement when it is effectively replaced with a new registration statement covering Securities (provided in the case of this clause (ii) that all of the Securities covered by the superseded (or terminated) registration statement that have not theretofore been resold are included in the superseding (or new) registration statement);

(b) the suspension of the Common Stock from trading on the Principal Market for a period of two (2) consecutive Business Days (other than in connection with a general suspension of trading of all securities on the Principal Market), provided that the Company may not direct the Investor to purchase any shares of Common Stock during any such suspension;

(c) the delisting of the Common Stock from The Nasdaq Capital Market (or any nationally recognized successor thereto), unless the Common Stock is then immediately thereafter trading on The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the NYSE Arca, or the OTCQX or OTCQB operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or any nationally recognized successors thereto);

(d) the failure for any reason by the Transfer Agent to issue Purchase Shares to the Investor within three (3) Business Days after the applicable Fixed Purchase Date, VWAP Purchase Date or Additional VWAP Purchase Date, as applicable, on which the Investor is entitled to receive such Purchase Shares;

(e) the Company breaches any representation, warranty, covenant or other term or condition under any Transaction Document if such breach would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and except, in the case of a breach of a covenant which is reasonably curable, only if such breach continues for a period of at least three (3) consecutive Business Days;

(f) if any Person commences a proceeding against the Company pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law and such proceeding is not dismissed;

(g) if the Company, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, (i) commences a voluntary case,(ii) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, (iii) consents to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property, or (iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or is generally unable to pay its debts as the same become due;

29

(h) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (i) is for relief against the Company in an involuntary case, (ii) appoints a Custodian of the Company or for all or substantially all of its property, or (iii) orders the liquidation of the Company for so long as such order, decree or similar action remains in effect;

(i) if at any time the Company is not eligible to transfer its Common Stock electronically as DWAC Shares;

(j) if at any time after the Commencement Date, the Exchange Cap is reached (to the extent such Exchange Cap is applicable pursuant to Section 2(e) hereof), and the stockholder approval referred to in Section 2(e) has not been obtained in accordance with the applicable rules of the Principal Market; or

(k) if at any time after the Execution Date, the Company issues any convertible securities, excluding those issued pursuant to an equity incentive plan.

In addition to any other rights and remedies under applicable law and this Agreement, so long as a Suspension Event has occurred and is continuing, or if any event which, after notice and/or lapse of time, would become a Suspension Event has occurred and is continuing, the Company shall not deliver to the Investor any Fixed Purchase Notice, VWAP Purchase Notice or Additional VWAP Purchase Notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the foregoing sentence shall not be deemed to apply to any notice from Nasdaq received in the future regarding the Companys failure to comply with the continued listing standards of The Nasdaq Capital Market, unless and until all compliance and appeal periods for such failure have lapsed or expired.

11. TERMINATION

This Agreement may be terminated only as follows:

(a) If pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences a voluntary case or any Person commences a proceeding against the Company which is not discharged within 90 days, a Custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property, or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors (any of which would be a Suspension Event as described in Sections 10(f), 10(g) and 10(h) hereof), this Agreement shall automatically terminate without any liability or payment to the Company (except as set forth below) without further action or notice by any Person.

(b) In the event that the Commencement shall not have occurred on or before the one year anniversary of the Execution Date, due to the failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Sections 7 and 8 above with respect to the Commencement, then, in the case of clause (i) above, this Agreement may be terminated by the Investor at any time prior to the filing of the Registration Statement and, in the case of clause (ii) above, this Agreement may be terminated by either party at the close of business on the one year anniversary of the Execution Date or thereafter, in each case without liability of such party to the other party (except as set forth below); provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 11(b) shall not be available to any party if such party is then in breach of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or any representation or warranty of such party contained in this Agreement fails to be true and correct such that the conditions set forth in Section 7(c) or Section 8(e), as applicable, could not then be satisfied.

30

(c) At any time after the Commencement Date, the Company shall have the option to terminate this Agreement for any reason or for no reason by delivering notice (a Company Termination Notice) to the Investor electing to terminate this Agreement without any liability whatsoever of any party to any other party under this Agreement (except as set forth below). The Company Termination Notice shall not be effective until one (1) Business Day after it has been received by the Investor, and is subject to the Company having satisfied all of its existing Purchase Share and Commitment Share delivery obligations, and any other obligations, prior to the termination date.

(d) This Agreement shall automatically terminate on the date that the Company sells and the Investor purchases (including by payment of the applicable Fixed Purchase Price, VWAP Purchase Price or Additional VWAP Purchase Price, as the case may be) the full Available Amount as provided herein, without any action or notice on the part of any party and without any liability whatsoever of any party to any other party under this Agreement (except as set forth below).

(e) If, for any reason or for no reason, the full Available Amount has not been purchased in accordance with Section 2 of this Agreement by the Maturity Date, this Agreement shall automatically terminate on the Maturity Date, without any action or notice on the part of any party and without any liability whatsoever of any party to any other party under this Agreement (except as set forth below).

Except as set forth in Sections 11(a) (in respect of a Suspension Event under Sections 10(f), 10(g) and 10(h)), 11(d) and 11(e), any termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11 shall be effected by written notice from the Company to the Investor, or the Investor to the Company, as the case may be, setting forth the basis for the termination hereof. The representations and warranties and covenants of the Company and the Investor contained in Sections 3, 4, 5, and 6 hereof, the indemnification provisions set forth in Section 9 hereof and the agreements and covenants set forth in Sections 10, 11 and 12 shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and any termination of this Agreement. No termination of this Agreement shall (i) affect the Companys or the Investors rights or obligations under this Agreement with respect to pending Fixed Purchases, VWAP Purchases or Additional VWAP Purchases and the Company and the Investor shall complete their respective obligations with respect to any pending Fixed Purchases, VWAP Purchases and Additional VWAP Purchases under this Agreement, or (ii) be deemed to release the Company or the Investor from any liability for intentional misrepresentation or willful breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

12. MISCELLANEOUS.

(a) Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial. This Agreement, and all claims or cause of action (whether in contract, tort or statute) that may
be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement (including
any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of or related to any representation or warranty made in or in connection with
this Agreement or as an inducement to enter into this Agreement) shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the internal laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any
law other than the law of the State of Delaware. The parties (a) hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the jurisdiction
of the state courts of Delaware and to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court in the City and County of Wilmington,
New Castle County for the purpose of any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement, (b) agree not
to commence any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement except in the state courts of Delaware
or the United States District Court in the City and County of Wilmington,

31

New Castle County, and (c) hereby waive, and agree not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court. EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, THE SECURITIES OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF OR THEREOF. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS TRANSACTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. THIS SECTION HAS BEEN FULLY DISCUSSED BY EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THESE PROVISIONS WILL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY EXCEPTIONS. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY FURTHER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT SUCH PARTY HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT SUCH PARTY KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.

(b) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile signature or signature delivered by e-mail in a .pdf format data file, including any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com, www.echosign.adobe.com, etc., shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original signature.

(c) Headings. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

(d) Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

(e) Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents supersede all other prior oral or written agreements between the Investor, the Company, their affiliates and Persons acting on their behalf with respect to the subject matter thereof, and this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Investor makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. The Company acknowledges and agrees that is has not relied on, in any manner whatsoever, any representations or statements, written or oral, other than as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents.

32

(f) Notices. Any notices, consents or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered and received: (i) upon receipt when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt when sent by email (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) one Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

200 Connell Drive, Suite 1500 

Berkeley Heights, NJ 07922

E-mail: [***]

Attention: David Lazar, Interim CEO

With
a copies to (which shall not constitute notice or service of process):

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

200 Connell Drive, Suite 1500 

Berkeley Heights, NJ 07922

E-mail: [***]

Attention: [***] David Natan, Director

E-mail: [***]

Attention: [***]

If to the Investor:

HELENA SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES 1 LTD 

71 Fort Street, 3rd Floor, Grand Cayman

Cayman Islands KY1-1111

E-mail: jeremy@helenapartners.com

Attention: Jeremy
Weech

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice or service of process):

Lucosky Brookman LLP.

101 Wood Avenue South, 5th Floor

Woodbridge, NJ 08830

Attention: Rodrigo
Sanchez

E-mail: rsanchez@lucbro.com

33

If to the Transfer Agent:

Legal Team

Email: [***]

or at such other address and/or email address and/or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party three (3) Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders email account containing the time, date, and recipient email address, as applicable or (C) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

(g) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Investor, including by merger or consolidation, provided, however, that any transaction, whether by merger, reorganization, restructuring, consolidation, financing or otherwise, whereby the Company remains the surviving entity immediately after such transaction and the Common Stock remains listed on the Principal Market shall not be deemed an assignment. The Investor may not assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement.

(h) No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns and, except as set forth in Section 9 with respect to those persons entitled to indemnity thereunder, is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

(i) Publicity. The Company shall afford the Investor and its counsel with the opportunity to review and comment upon, shall consult with the Investor and its counsel on the form and substance of, and shall give due consideration to all such comments from the Investor or its counsel on, any press release, SEC filing or any other public disclosure by or on behalf of the Company relating to the Investor, its purchases hereunder or any aspect of the Securities, the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby (other than any press release, SEC filing or other public disclosure that contains disclosures substantially similar to disclosures previously reviewed by the Investor or its counsel), not less than 24 hours prior to the issuance, filing or public disclosure thereof. The Investor must be provided with a final version of any portion of such press release, SEC filing or other public disclosure relating to the Investor, its purchases hereunder or any aspect of the Securities, the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby at least 24 hours prior to any release, issuance, filing or use by the Company thereof.

(j) Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to consummate and make effective, as soon as reasonably possible, the Commencement, and to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

34

(k) No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in this Agreement shall be subject to adjustment as provided in this Agreement for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

(l) Remedies, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief. The Investors remedies provided in this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Investors remedies provided in Section 9, shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available to the Investor under this Agreement, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), no remedy of the Investor contained herein shall be deemed a waiver of compliance with the provisions giving rise to such remedy and nothing herein shall limit the Investors right to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Agreement. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Investor and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Investor shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

(m) Enforcement Costs. In the event that (i) any action for enforcement of this Agreement is commenced or is enforced by the Investor through any legal proceeding; (ii) an attorney is retained to represent the Investor in any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceedings affecting creditors rights and involving a claim under this Agreement; or (iii) subject to Section 9 hereof, an attorney is retained to represent the Investor in any other proceedings whatsoever in connection with this Agreement, then the Company shall pay to the Investor, as incurred by the Investor, all reasonable costs and expenses including reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection therewith, in addition to all other amounts due hereunder.

(n) Amendment and Waiver; Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto and no provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege.

** Signature Page Follows **

35

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Investor and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the Execution Date.

THE COMPANY:

CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: /s/ David Lazar

Name: David Lazar

Title: Chief Executive Officer

INVESTOR:

HELENA SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES 1 LTD

By: /s/ Jeremy Weech

Name: Jeremy Weech

Title: Managing Partner

36

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A Form of Officers Certificate

Exhibit B Form of CFOs Certificate

Exhibit C Form of Instruction Letter

Exhibit D Form of Purchase Notice

37
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cycc-20250204.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cycc-20250204_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cycc-20250204_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cycc-20250204_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 04, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 0-50626

Entity Registrant Name CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001130166

Entity Tax Identification Number 91-1707622

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 200 Connell Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1500

Entity Address, City or Town Berkeley Heights

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07922

City Area Code 908

Local Phone Number 517-7330

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol CYCC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol CYCCP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cycc_CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cycc_PreferredStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cyclacel.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cycc-20250204.xsd 
cycc-20250204_def.xml 
cycc-20250204_lab.xml 
cycc-20250204_pre.xml 
cyclacel_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-000765-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>cyclacel_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001130166 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

0001130166 

cycc:CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

0001130166 

cycc:PreferredStock0.001ParValueMember 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001130166 
8-K 
2025-02-04 
CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
DE 
0-50626 
91-1707622 
200 Connell Drive 
Suite 1500 
Berkeley Heights 
NJ 
07922 
908 
517-7330 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
CYCC 
NASDAQ 
Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 
CYCCP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>