<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001668397-25-000056.txt : 20250421
<SEC-HEADER>0001668397-25-000056.hdr.sgml : 20250421
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250421161557
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001668397-25-000056
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250417
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250421

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Medpace Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001668397
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				320434904
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37856
		FILM NUMBER:		25853354

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5375 MEDPACE WAY
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45227
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(513) 579-9911

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5375 MEDPACE WAY
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45227
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>medp-20250417.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?medp-20250417

FALSE000166839700016683972025-04-172025-04-17

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

______________________________________________________

FORM 8-K

______________________________________________________

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 17, 2025

______________________________________________________

Medpace Holdings, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

______________________________________________________

Delaware 001-37856 32-0434904

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

5375 Medpace Way 

Cincinnati, Ohio 45227

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code:513579-9911

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

______________________________________________________

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

o 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

o 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock $0.01 par value MEDP NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company o

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 18, 2025, Medpace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Medpace, Inc., as borrower, and Medpace IntermediateCo, Inc., as guarantor, entered into Amendment No.8 to Loan Documents (Amendment No. 8) with PNC Bank, National Association in connection with the Companys unsecured credit facility (the Loan Documents). Amendment No. 8 increases the aggregate principal amount that may be borrowed under the facilitys line of credit to up to $600 million, adjusts the interest rate charged on the credit facility and extends the expiration date of the revolving credit note to April 30, 2027.

The foregoing description of Amendment No. 8 is qualified in its entirety by reference to Amendment No. 8. A copy of Amendment No. 8 is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

On April 21, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing its financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2025. The full text of the press release was posted on the Companys internet website and is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Pursuant to General Instruction B.2 of Current Report on Form 8-K, the information contained in, or incorporated into, Item 2.02, including the press release attached as Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference to such filing.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On April 17, 2025, the Board of Directors ("Board") of the Company approved an increase of $1.0 billion to the Company's stock repurchase program. The timing, price and volume of repurchases will be based on market conditions, relevant securities laws and other factors. The stock repurchases may be made from time to time, through solicited or unsolicited transactions in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan. The program may be discontinued or amended at any time without notice.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 

Amendment No. 8 dated April18, 2025 to Loan Documents

99.1 

Press release dated April 21, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

MEDPACE HOLDINGS, INC.

Date: April 21, 2025 By: /s/ Kevin M. Brady

Kevin M. Brady, Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>medp-20250421xexx101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

Amendment No. 8 to Loan Documents

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 8 TO LOAN DOCUMENTS (this Amendment) is made as of April 18, 2025, by and between MEDPACE, INC., an Ohio corporation (the Borrower), and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (the Bank).

BACKGROUND

A. The Borrower or another obligor has executed and delivered to the Bank (or a predecessor which is now known by the Banks name as set forth above), one or more promissory notes, letter agreements, loan agreements, security agreements, mortgages, pledge agreements, collateral assignments, and other agreements, instruments, certificates and documents, which are more fully described on attached Exhibit A, which is made a part of this Amendment (collectively as amended from time to time, the Loan Documents) which evidence or secure the indebtedness and other obligations of the Borrower to the Bank (as used herein, collectively, together with the Obligations, if and as defined in the Loan Documents, the Obligations). Any initially capitalized terms used in this Amendment without definition shall have the meanings assigned to those terms in the Loan Documents. 

B. The Borrower and the Bank desire to amend the Loan Documents as provided for in this Amendment. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. The Loan Documents are amended as set forth in Exhibit A. Any and all references to any Loan Document in any other Loan Document shall be deemed to refer to such Loan Document as amended by this Amendment. This Amendment is deemed incorporated into each of the Loan Documents. To the extent that any term or provision of this Amendment is or may be inconsistent with any term or provision in any Loan Document, the terms and provisions of this Amendment shall control.

2. The Borrower hereby certifies that: (a) all of its representations and warranties in the Loan Documents, as amended by this Amendment, are, except as may otherwise be stated in this Amendment: (i) true and correct as of the date of this Amendment, (ii) ratified and confirmed without condition as if made anew, and (iii) incorporated into this Amendment by reference, (b) no Event of Default or event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both, would constitute an Event of Default, exists under any Loan Document which will not be cured by the execution and effectiveness of this Amendment, (c) no consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration or filing with, any third party is required in connection with the execution, delivery and carrying out of this Amendment or, if required, has been obtained, and (d) this Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered so that it constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms. The Borrower confirms that the Obligations remain outstanding without defense, set off, counterclaim, discount or charge of any kind as of the date of this Amendment. 

3. The Borrower hereby confirms that any collateral for the Obligations, including liens, security interests, mortgages, and pledges granted pursuant to the Loan Documents by the Borrower or third parties (if applicable), shall continue unimpaired and in full force and effect, and shall cover and secure all of the Borrowers existing and future Obligations to the Bank, as modified by this Amendment.

4. As a condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Borrower shall comply with the terms and conditions (if any) specified in Exhibit A. Borrower will also promptly pay to the Bank all fees and expenses incurred by the Bank in connection with this Amendment, including reasonable attorneys fees.

5. To induce the Bank to enter into this Amendment, the Borrower waives and releases and forever discharges the Bank and its officers, directors, attorneys, agents, and employees from any liability, damage, claim, loss or expense of any kind that it may have against the Bank or any of them arising out of or relating to the Obligations. The Borrower further agrees to indemnify and hold the Bank and its officers, directors, attorneys, agents and employees harmless from any loss, damage, judgment, liability or expense (including reasonable attorneys fees) suffered by or rendered against the Bank or any of them on account of any claims arising out of or relating to the Obligations. The Borrower further states that it has carefully read the foregoing release and indemnity, knows the contents thereof and grants the same as its own free act and deed.

6. This Amendment may be signed in any number of counterpart copies and by the parties to this Amendment on separate counterparts, but all such copies shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart. Upon written request by the other party (which may be made by electronic mail), any party so executing this Amendment by facsimile transmission shall promptly deliver a manually executed counterpart, provided that any failure to do so shall not affect the validity of the counterpart executed by facsimile transmission. 

7. Notwithstanding any other provision herein or in the other Loan Documents, the Borrower agrees that this Amendment, the Loan Documents, any other amendments thereto and any other information, notice, signature card, agreement or authorization related thereto (each, a Communication) may, at the Banks option, be in the form of an electronic record. Any Communication may, at the Banks option, be signed or executed using electronic signatures. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Bank of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format) for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Borrower and the Bank acknowledge and agree that the methods for delivering Communications, including notices, under the Loan Documents include electronic transmittal to any electronic address provided by either party to the other party from time to time. 

8. The Borrower and the Bank acknowledge and agree that the methods for delivering Communications, including notices, under the Loan Documents include electronic transmittal to any electronic address provided by either party to the other party from time to time.

9. This Amendment will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower and the Bank and their respective successors and assigns.

10. This Amendment will be interpreted and the rights and liabilities of the parties hereto determined in accordance with the laws of the State identified in and governing the Loan Documents that are being amended hereby (the State), excluding its conflict of laws rules, including without limitation the Electronic Transactions Act (or equivalent) in such State (or, to the extent controlling, the laws of the United States of America, including without limitation the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act). This Amendment has been delivered to and accepted by the Bank and will be deemed to be made in the State. 

11. Except as amended hereby, the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents remain unchanged, are and shall remain in full force and effect unless and until modified or amended in writing in accordance with 

- 2 -

their terms, and are hereby ratified and confirmed. Except as expressly provided herein, this Amendment shall not constitute an amendment, waiver, consent or release with respect to any provision of any Loan Document, a waiver of any default or Event of Default under any Loan Document, or a waiver or release of any of the Banks rights and remedies (all of which are hereby reserved). The Borrower expressly ratifies and confirms the waiver of jury trial provisions contained in the Loan Documents, all of which are incorporated herein by reference.

- 3 -

Signature Page to Amendment No. 8 to Loan Documents (MEDPACE)

WITNESS the due execution of this Amendment as of the date first written above.

MEDPACE, INC.

By: /s/ Kevin Brady

Name: Kevin Brady

Title: Chief Financial Officer

SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE

- 4 -

Signature Page to Amendment No. 8 to Loan Documents (MEDPACE)

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: /s/ Jeffrey P. Fisher

Name:Jeffrey P. Fisher

Title:Senior Vice President

- 5 -

EXHIBIT A TO

AMENDMENT NO. 8 TO LOAN DOCUMENTS

DATED AS OF APRIL 18, 2025

A. Loan Documents. The Loan Documents that are the subject of this Amendment include the following (as each of such documents has been amended, modified or otherwise supplemented previously): 

1. Loan Agreement between Borrower and the Bank dated as of September 30, 2019 (the Loan Agreement).

2. Amended and Restated Committed Line of Credit Note by Borrower payable to the order of the Bank dated as of March 28, 2024 (the ExistingNote).

3. Guaranty by Medpace Intermediateco, Inc., a Delaware corporation, in favor of the Bank dated as of September 30, 2019 (the Guaranty).

4. All other documents, instruments, agreements, and certificates executed and delivered in connection with the Loan Documents listed in this Section A.

B. Amendments. The Loan Documents are amended as follows:

1.Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Amendment, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Bank an amended and restated note in the maximum principal amount of $600,000,000 (the Restated Note) evidencing the existing Line of Credit, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank. Upon receipt by the Bank of the Restated Note, the Line of Credit shall be evidenced by the Restated Note and all accrued and unpaid interest on the Existing Note shall thereafter be evidenced by the Restated Note; and all references to the promissory note evidencing the Line of Credit in any documents relating thereto, howsoever named, shall thereafter be deemed to refer to the Restated Note. Without duplication, the Restated Note shall not constitute a novation and shall in no way extinguish the Borrower's unconditional obligation to repay all indebtedness, including accrued and unpaid interest, evidenced by the Existing Note.

2.The reference to the amount of the Line of Credit set forth in Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended from Ten Million and No/100 Dollars ($10,000,000.00) to Six Hundred Million and No/100 Dollars ($600,000,000.00).

C. Conditions to Effectiveness of Amendment. The Banks willingness to agree to the amendments set forth in this Amendment is subject to the prior satisfaction of the following conditions:

1. Execution by all parties and delivery to the Bank of this Amendment, including the attached Consent of Guarantor, the Restated Note, and an Incumbency Certificate.

- 6 -

CONSENT OF GUARANTOR

MEDPACE INTERMEDIATECO, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Guarantor) consents to the provisions of the foregoing Amendment No. 8 to Loan Documents (the Amendment) and all prior amendments (if any) and confirms and agrees that: (a) the Guarantors obligations under its Guaranty Agreement dated as of September 30, 2019 (the Guaranty), relating to the Obligations referenced in the Amendment, shall be unimpaired by the Amendment; (b) the Guarantor has no defenses, set offs, counterclaims, discounts or charges of any kind against the Bank, its officers, directors, employees, agents or attorneys with respect to the Guaranty; and (c) all of the terms, conditions and covenants in the Guaranty remain unaltered and in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed and apply to the Obligations, as modified by the Amendment. The Guarantor certifies that all representations and warranties made in the Guaranty are true and correct. 

The Guarantor hereby confirms that any collateral for the Obligations, including liens, security interests, mortgages, and pledges granted by the Guarantor or third parties (if applicable), shall continue unimpaired and in full force and effect, shall cover and secure all of the Guarantors existing and future Obligations to the Bank, as modified by this Amendment.

By signing below, the Guarantor agrees that this Consent, the Guaranty, the other Loan Documents, any amendments thereto and any other information, notice, signature card, agreement or authorization related thereto (each, a Communication) may, at the Banks option, be in the form of an electronic record. Any Communication may, at the Banks option, be signed or executed using electronic signatures. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Bank of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format) for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that the methods for delivering Communications, including notices, under the Guaranty and the other Loan Documents include electronic transmittal to any electronic address provided by any party to the other party from time to time. 

The Guarantor ratifies and confirms the indemnification and waiver of jury trial provisions contained in the Guaranty, all of which are incorporated herein by reference.

WITNESS the due execution of this Consent as of the date of this Amendment, intending to be legally bound hereby.

MEDPACE INTERMEDIATECO, INC.

By: /s/ Kevin Brady

Name: Kevin Brady

Title: CFO

- 7 -

Amended and Restated

Revolving Line of Credit Note

(Multi-Rate Options SOFR)

$600,000,000 Dated as of April 18, 2025

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, MEDPACE, INC., an Ohio corporation (the Borrower), with an address at 5375 Medpace Way, Cincinnati, Ohio 45227, promises to pay to the order of PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (the Bank), in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds at its offices located at 201 East Fifth Street, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202, Attn: Corporate Banking, or at such other location as the Bank may designate from time to time, the principal sum of SIX HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS ($600,000,000) (the Facility) or such lesser amount as may be advanced to or for the benefit of the Borrower hereunder, together with interest accruing on the outstanding principal balance from the date hereof, all as provided below.

1. Revolving Line of Credit Advances. This Note evidences a revolving line of credit. The Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow hereunder and the Bank may advance and readvance under this Note from time to time (each an advance and together the advances) until the Expiration Date, subject to the terms and conditions of this Note and the Loan Documents (as defined below). The Expiration Date means April 30, 2027, or such later date as may be designated by the Bank by written notice from the Bank to the Borrower. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that in no event will the Bank be under any obligation to extend or renew the Facility or this Note beyond the Expiration Date. In no event shall the aggregate unpaid principal amount of advances under this Note exceed the face amount of this Note.

2. Interest Rate. Each advance outstanding under this Note will bear interest at a rate or rates per annum as may be selected by the Borrower from the interest rate options set forth below (each, an Option):

(i) Daily Rate Option. A rate of interest per annum equal to the sum of (A) the Base Rate (as defined below) plus (B) 0.0%.

(ii) Term SOFR Rate Option. A rate of interest per annum equal to the sum of (A) the Term SOFR Rate (as defined below) plus (B) 1.00%, for the applicable Term SOFR Interest Period (as defined below).

The Borrower may select different Options to apply simultaneously to different portions of the advances and may select up to eight (8) different interest periods to apply simultaneously to different portions of the advances bearing interest under the Term SOFR Rate Option.

3. Payments. The Borrower shall pay accrued interest on the unpaid principal balance of this Note in arrears: (a) for amounts under this Note bearing interest under the Daily Rate Option, on the first (1st) day of each month during the term hereof, (b) for amounts hereunder bearing interest under the Term SOFR Rate Option, on the last day of the respective interest period for such amounts, and (c) for all outstanding amounts, at maturity, whether by acceleration of this Note or otherwise, and after maturity, on demand until paid in full. All outstanding principal and accrued interest under this Note shall be due and payable in full on the Expiration Date.

4. Certain Definitions. If the following terms are used in this Note, such terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

- 8 -

Base Rate means the highest of (A) the Prime Rate, (B) the sum of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate plus 50 basis points (0.50%), and (C) the sum of Daily Simple SOFR plus 100 basis points (1.00%), so long as Daily Simple SOFR is offered, ascertainable and not unlawful; provided, however, if the Base Rate as determined above would be less than the Floor, then such rate shall be deemed to be the Floor. If and when the Base Rate as determined above changes, the rate of interest with respect to any amounts under this Note to which the Daily Rate Option applies will change automatically without notice to the Borrower, effective on the date of any such change.

Business Day means any day other than (A) a Saturday or Sunday or (B) a legal holiday on which commercial banks are authorized or required by law to be closed for business in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; providedthat, when used in connection with an amount that bears interest at a rate based on SOFR or any direct or indirect calculation or determination involving SOFR, the term Business Day means any such day that is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

Daily Rate Option means the option of the Borrower to have portions of the advances bear interest at a daily floating rate, as provided in the paragraph entitled Interest Rate above.

Daily Simple SOFRmeans, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), the interest rate per annum determined by the Bank by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Banks discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) (A) SOFR for the day (the SOFR Determination Date) that is 2 Business Days prior to (i) such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is a Business Day or (ii) the Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is not a Business Day, by (B) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website of the NYFRB, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source identified by the NYFRB or its successor administrator for the secured overnight financing rate from time to time. If Daily Simple SOFR as determined above would be less than the Floor, then Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. If SOFR for any SOFR Determination Date has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement (as defined below) by 5:00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the second Business Day immediately following such SOFR Determination Date, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR for the first Business Day preceding such SOFR Determination Date for which SOFR was published in accordance with the definition of SOFR; provided that SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be used for purposes of calculating Daily Simple SOFR for no more than 3 consecutive SOFR Rate Days. If and when Daily Simple SOFR as determined above changes, any applicable rate of interest based on Daily Simple SOFR will change automatically without notice to the Borrower, effective on the date of any such change.

Default Rate means the rate per annum equal to the lesser of (A) the sum of 3% plus the interest rate otherwise in effect from time to time under this Note and (B) the Maximum Rate.

Floor means a rate of interest per annum equal to zero.

Maximum Rate means the maximum rate of interest allowed by applicable law.

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurocurrency borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB, as set forth on its public website from time to time, and as published on the next succeeding Business Day as the overnight bank funding rate by the NYFRB (or by such other recognized electronic source (such as Bloomberg) selected by the Bank for the purpose of displaying such rate); provided, that if such day is not a Business Day, the Overnight Bank 

- 9 -

Funding Rate for such day shall be such rate on the immediately preceding Business Day; provided, further, that if such rate shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist, a comparable replacement rate determined by the Bank at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). If the Overnight Bank Funding Rate determined as above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. The rate of interest charged shall be adjusted as of each Business Day based on changes in the Overnight Bank Funding Rate without notice to the Borrower.

Prime Rate means the rate publicly announced by the Bank from time to time as its prime rate. The Prime Rate is determined from time to time by the Bank as a means of pricing some loans to its borrowers. The Prime Rate is not tied to any external rate of interest or index and does not necessarily reflect the lowest rate of interest actually charged by the Bank to any particular class or category of customers.

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Reserve Percentage means, for any day, the maximum effective percentage in effect on such day, if any, as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the reserve requirements (including, without limitation, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserve requirements) with respect to SOFR funding.

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Bank in its reasonable discretion).

Term SOFR Interest Period means, with respect to any amount to which the Term SOFR Rate Option applies, the period of one (1) month (subject to the availability thereof) as selected by the Borrower, commencing on the date of disbursement of such amount (or the date of conversion of any amount to the Term SOFR Rate Option, as the case may be) and each successive period selected by the Borrower thereafter; providedthat:

(A)if a Term SOFR Interest Period would end on a day that is not a Business Day, it shall end on the next succeeding Business Day unless such day falls in the next succeeding calendar month in which case the Term SOFR Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; 

(B)the Borrower may not select a Term SOFR Interest Period that would end on a day after the Expiration Date; and 

(C)any Term SOFR Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Term SOFR Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Term SOFR Interest Period.

Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any amount to which the Term SOFR Rate Option applies, for any Term SOFR Interest Period, the interest rate per annum determined by the Bank by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Banks discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) (A) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to such Term SOFR Interest Period, as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the day (the Term SOFR Determination Date) that is 2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Term SOFR Interest Period, by (B) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage. If the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5:00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the Term SOFR 

- 10 -

Determination Date, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate, for purposes of clause (A) in the preceding sentence, shall be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor on the first Business Day preceding such Term SOFR Determination Date for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published in accordance herewith, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than 3 Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Date. If the Term SOFR Rate, determined as provided above, would be less than the Floor, then the Term SOFR Rate shall be deemed to be the Floor. The Term SOFR Rate shall be adjusted automatically without notice to the Borrower on and as of (i) the first day of each Term SOFR Interest Period, and (ii) the effective date of any change in the SOFR Reserve Percentage.

Term SOFR Rate Option means the option of the Borrower to have portions of the advances bear interest at a rate based on the Term SOFR Rate, if such Option is provided in the paragraph entitled Interest Rate above.

Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (A) a Saturday or Sunday or (B) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

5. Advance Procedures. The Borrower may request advances hereunder by giving oral or written notice to the Bank by 11:00 a.m. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time (a) 3 Business Days prior to the proposed advance, in the case of advances to bear interest under the Term SOFR Rate Option and (b) on the day of the proposed advance, in the case of advances to bear interest under any other Option, followed promptly thereafter by the Borrowers written confirmation to the Bank of any oral notice. If permitted by the Bank, a request for advance may be made by telephone or electronic mail, or delivered in accordance with the Banks security procedures through any automated platform or electronic service provided by the Bank, with such confirmation or verification (if any) as the Bank may require in its discretion from time to time. A request for advance by any Borrower shall be binding upon Borrower, jointly and severally. The Borrower authorizes the Bank to accept telephonic, email, automated and electronic requests for advances, and the Bank shall be entitled to rely upon the authority of any person providing such instructions. The Borrower hereby indemnifies and holds the Bank harmless from and against any and all damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) which may arise or be created by the acceptance of such telephonic, email, automated and electronic requests or by the making of such advances. The Bank will enter on its books and records, which entry when made will be presumed correct, the date and amount of each advance, as well as the date and amount of each payment made by the Borrower.

6. Interest Rate Election. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Note, at the end of each interest period applicable to any amounts hereunder, the Borrower may renew the Option applicable to such amounts or convert such amounts to a different Option; providedthat, during any period in which any Event of Default (as hereinafter defined) has occurred and is continuing, any amounts bearing interest under the Term SOFR Rate Option shall, at the Banks sole discretion, be converted at the end of the applicable interest period to the Daily Rate Option, and the Term SOFR Rate Option will not be available to the Borrower with respect to any new advances (or with respect to the conversion or renewal of any other amounts) until such Event of Default has been cured by the Borrower or waived by the Bank. The Borrower shall notify the Bank of each election of an Option, each conversion from one Option to another, the amount of the portions hereunder to be allocated to each Option and where relevant the interest period therefor. In the case of converting to the Term SOFR Rate Option, such notice shall be given at least 3 Business Days prior to the commencement of any Term SOFR Interest Period. If no interest period is specified in any such notice for an amount that is to bear interest under the Term SOFR Rate Option, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected a Term SOFR Interest Period of one months duration. If no notice of election, conversion or renewal is timely received by the Bank with respect to any amount hereunder, 

- 11 -

the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected the Term SOFR Rate Option having a Term SOFR Interest Period of one months duration. Any such election shall be promptly confirmed in writing by such method as the Bank may require.

7. Interest Calculation; Maximum Rate. Interest will be calculated based on the actual number of days that principal is outstanding over a year of 360 days. In no event will the effective rate of interest hereunder, inclusive of all fees, charges, and other amounts that are treated as interest under applicable law, exceed the Maximum Rate. Regardless of any other provision of this Note or the other Loan Documents, if for any reason such effective interest rate should exceed the Maximum Rate, such effective interest rate shall be deemed reduced to, and shall be, the Maximum Rate, and (i) the amount which would be excessive interest shall be deemed applied to the reduction of the principal balance of this Note and not to the payment of interest, and (ii) if the loan evidenced by this Note has been or is thereby paid in full, the excess shall be returned to the party paying same, such application to the principal balance of this Note or the refunding of such excess to be a complete settlement and acquittance thereof.

8. Conforming Changes; Benchmark Replacement Provisions. The Bank shall have the right to make any technical, administrative or operational changes from time to time that the Bank decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of SOFR or any other Benchmark (as defined below) or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Bank in a manner substantially consistent with market practice or in such other manner as the Bank decides is reasonably necessary. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such technical, administrative or operational changes will become effective without any further action or consent of the Borrower. The Bank shall provide notice to the Borrower of any such amendment reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective.

If the applicable interest rate under this Note is based on a Benchmark and the Bank determines (which determination shall be final and conclusive) that (A) such Benchmark cannot be determined pursuant to its definition other than as a result of a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined below), or (B) any enactment, promulgation or adoption of or any change in any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by a governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by the Bank with any guideline, request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency shall make it unlawful or impracticable for the Bank to make or maintain or fund loans based on that Benchmark, then the Bank shall give notice thereof to the Borrower. Thereafter, until the Bank notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist, (a) the availability of any Option based on that Benchmark shall be suspended, and (b) the interest rate for all amounts then bearing interest under such Option shall be converted to the Daily Rate Option either (i) on the last day of the then current applicable interest period(s) if the Bank may lawfully continue to maintain or fund loans based on that Benchmark to such day, or (ii) immediately if the Bank may not lawfully continue to maintain or fund loans based on that Benchmark.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if the Bank determines (which determination shall be final and conclusive) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to a Benchmark, the Bank may amend this Note to replace such Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement (as defined below); and any such amendment shall be in writing, shall specify the date that the Benchmark Replacement is effective and will not require any further action or consent of the Borrower. Until the Benchmark Replacement is effective, amounts bearing interest with reference to a Benchmark will continue to bear interest with reference to such Benchmark as long as such Benchmark is available, and otherwise such amounts automatically will bear interest at the Daily Rate Option.

For purposes of this Section, the following terms have the meanings set forth below:

Benchmark means, at any time, any interest rate index (or tenor of an interest rate index) then used in the determination of an interest rate under the terms of this Note. Once a Benchmark Replacement 

- 12 -

becomes effective under this Note, it is a Benchmark. For example, SOFR is a Benchmark under this Note. 

Benchmark Replacement means, for any Benchmark, the sum of (a) an alternate benchmark rate and (b) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case that has been selected by the Bank as the replacement for such Benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendations made by the official sector or any official sector-sponsored committee or working group, for U.S. dollar-denominated credit facilities at such time; provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Note and the other Loan Documents. 

Benchmark Transition Event means a public statement or publication by or on behalf of the administrator of a Benchmark, the regulatory supervisor of such administrator, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, NYFRB, an insolvency official or resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark, announcing or stating that (a) such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that at the time of such statement or publication there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark or (b) such Benchmark is or will no longer be representative.

9. Other Payment Terms. If any payment under this Note is due on a day of a calendar month for which there is no numerically corresponding day in certain other months (each, a Non-Conforming Month), then the payment in a Non-Conforming Month shall be due on the last Business Day of such Non-Conforming Month. If any payment under this Note shall become due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day, except that if such day falls in the next succeeding calendar month, such payment shall be due on the next preceding day that is a Business Day. Interest shall be computed to, but excluding, the date payment is due. The Borrower hereby authorizes the Bank to charge the Borrowers deposit account at the Bank for any payment when due under this Note or any other Loan Document. Payments received will be applied to charges, fees and expenses (including attorneys fees), accrued interest and principal in any order the Bank may choose, in its sole discretion.

10. Late Payments; Default Rate. If the Borrower fails to make any payment of principal, interest or other amount coming due pursuant to the provisions of this Note within 15 calendar days of the date due and payable, the Borrower also shall pay to the Bank a late charge equal to the lesser of 5% of the amount of such payment or $100.00 (the Late Charge). Such 15-day period shall not be construed in any way to extend the due date of any such payment. Upon maturity, whether by acceleration, demand or otherwise, and at the Banks option upon the occurrence of any Event of Default (as hereinafter defined) and during the continuance thereof, amounts outstanding under this Note shall bear interest at the Default Rate. The Default Rate shall continue to apply whether or not judgment shall be entered on this Note. Both the Late Charge and the Default Rate are imposed as liquidated damages for the purpose of defraying the Banks expenses incident to the handling of delinquent payments, but are in addition to, and not in lieu of, the Banks exercise of any rights and remedies hereunder, under the other Loan Documents or under applicable law, and any fees and expenses of any agents or attorneys which the Bank may employ. In addition, the Default Rate reflects the increased credit risk to the Bank of carrying a loan that is in default. The Borrower agrees that the Late Charge and Default Rate are reasonable forecasts of just compensation for anticipated and actual harm incurred by the Bank, and that the actual harm incurred by the Bank cannot be estimated with certainty and without difficulty.

11. Prepayment. The Borrower shall have the right to prepay any amounts outstanding hereunder at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part; subject, however, to payment of any break funding indemnification amounts owing pursuant to the paragraph entitled Break Funding Indemnification below.

- 13 -

12.Increased Costs; Yield Protection. On written demand, together with written evidence of the justification therefor, the Borrower agrees to pay the Bank all direct costs incurred, any losses suffered or payments made by the Bank as a result of any Change in Law (hereinafter defined), imposing any reserve, deposit, allocation of capital or similar requirement (including without limitation, Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) on the Bank, its holding company or any of their respective assets relative to the Facility. Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Note, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any governmental authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any governmental authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.

13. Break Funding Indemnification. The Borrower agrees to indemnify the Bank against any liabilities, losses or expenses (including, without limitation, loss of margin, any loss or expense sustained or incurred in liquidating or employing deposits from third parties, and any loss or expense incurred in connection with funds acquired to effect, fund or maintain any amounts hereunder (or any part thereof) bearing interest under the Term SOFR Rate Option) which the Bank sustains or incurs as a consequence of either (i) the Borrowers failure to make a payment on the due date thereof, (ii) the Borrowers revocation (expressly, by later inconsistent notices or otherwise) in whole or in part of any notice given to Bank to request, convert, renew or prepay any amounts bearing interest under the Term SOFR Rate Option, or (iii) the Borrowers payment or prepayment (whether voluntary, after acceleration of the maturity of this Note or otherwise) or conversion of any amounts bearing interest the Term SOFR Rate Option on a day other than the regularly scheduled due date therefor. A notice as to any amounts payable pursuant to this paragraph given to the Borrower by the Bank shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and shall be payable upon demand. The Borrowers indemnification obligations hereunder shall survive the payment in full of all amounts payable hereunder. 

14. Other Loan Documents. This Note is issued in connection with a Loan Agreement between the Borrower and the Bank, dated as of September 30, 2019 (as amended, restated or supplemented, the Loan Agreement), and the other agreements and documents executed and/or delivered in connection therewith or referred to therein, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference (as amended, modified or renewed from time to time, collectively the Loan Documents), and is secured by the property (if any) described in the Loan Documents and by any and all mortgages, security agreements, assignments, loan agreements, pledge agreements and other documents or instruments evidencing a security interest or other lien in favor of the Bank and delivered by the Borrower or by any third party with reference to indebtedness of the Borrower, whether such documents were previously or are hereafter executed, and whether given expressly as security for payment of this Note or generally as security for any and all indebtedness of the Borrower to the Bank. Such documents may be executed contemporaneously with the execution of this Note, or they may be executed and delivered at another time. Collateral securing other obligations of the Borrower to the Bank may also secure this Note. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined will have the meanings set forth in the Loan Agreement.

15. Events of Default. The occurrence of any of the following events will be deemed to be an Event of Default under this Note: (i) the nonpayment of any principal, interest or other indebtedness under this Note when due; (ii) the occurrence of any event of default or any default and the lapse of any notice or cure period, or any Obligors failure to observe or perform any covenant or other agreement, under or contained in any Loan Document or any other document now or in the future evidencing or securing any debt, liability or obligation of any Obligor to the Bank; (iii) the filing by or against any Obligor of any proceeding in bankruptcy, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, conservatorship or similar proceeding (and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against any Obligor, such proceeding is not dismissed or stayed within 30 days of the 

- 14 -

commencement thereof, provided that the Bank shall not be obligated to advance additional funds hereunder during such period); (iv) any assignment by any Obligor for the benefit of creditors, or any levy, garnishment, attachment or similar proceeding is instituted against any property of any Obligor held by or deposited with the Bank; (v) a default with respect to any other indebtedness of any Obligor for borrowed money, if the effect of such default is to cause or permit the acceleration of such debt; (vi) the commencement of any foreclosure or forfeiture proceeding, execution or attachment against any collateral securing the obligations of any Obligor to the Bank; (vii) the entry of a final judgment against any Obligor and the failure of such Obligor to discharge the judgment within 10 days of the entry thereof; (viii) any change in any Obligors business, assets, operations, financial condition or results of operations that has or could reasonably be expected to have any material adverse effect on any Obligor; (ix) any Obligor ceases doing business as a going concern; (x) any representation or warranty made by any Obligor to the Bank in any Loan Document or any other documents now or in the future evidencing or securing the obligations of any Obligor to the Bank, is false, erroneous or misleading in any material respect; or (xi) the revocation or attempted revocation, in whole or in part, of any guarantee by any Obligor. As used herein, the term Obligor means any Borrower and any guarantor of, or any pledgor, mortgagor or other person or entity providing collateral support for, the Borrowers obligations to the Bank existing on the date of this Note or arising in the future.

Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default: (a) the Bank shall be under no further obligation to make advances hereunder; (b) if an Event of Default specified in clause (iii) or (iv) above shall occur, the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest hereunder together with any additional amounts payable hereunder shall be immediately due and payable without demand or notice of any kind; (c) if any other Event of Default shall occur, the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest hereunder together with any additional amounts payable hereunder, at the Banks option and without demand or notice of any kind, may be accelerated and become immediately due and payable; (d) at the Banks option, this Note will bear interest at the Default Rate from the date of the occurrence of the Event of Default; and (e) the Bank may exercise from time to time any of the rights and remedies available under the Loan Documents or under applicable law. 

16. Right of Setoff. In addition to all liens upon and rights of setoff against the Borrowers money, securities or other property given to the Bank by law, the Bank shall have, with respect to the Borrowers obligations to the Bank under this Note and to the extent permitted by law, a contractual possessory security interest in and a contractual right of setoff against, and the Borrower hereby grants the Bank a security interest in, and hereby assigns, conveys, delivers, pledges and transfers to the Bank, all of the Borrowers right, title and interest in and to, all of the Borrowers deposits, moneys, securities and other property now or hereafter in the possession of or on deposit with, or in transit to, the Bank or any other direct or indirect subsidiary of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., whether held in a general or special account or deposit, whether held jointly with someone else, or whether held for safekeeping or otherwise, excluding, however, all IRA, Keogh, and trust accounts. Every such security interest and right of setoff may be exercised without demand upon or notice to the Borrower. 

17. Indemnity. The Borrower agrees to indemnify each of the Bank, each legal entity, if any, who controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Bank, and each of their respective directors, officers and employees (the Indemnified Parties), and to defend and hold each Indemnified Party harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including all fees and charges of internal or external counsel with whom any Indemnified Party may consult and all expenses of litigation and preparation therefor) (each, a Claim) which any Indemnified Party may incur or which may be asserted against any Indemnified Party by any person, entity or governmental authority (including any person or entity claiming derivatively on behalf of the Borrower), in connection with or arising out of or relating to the matters referred to in this Note or in the other Loan Documents or the use of any advance hereunder, whether (a) arising from or incurred in connection with any breach of a representation, warranty or covenant by the Borrower, or (b) arising out of or resulting from any suit, action, claim, proceeding or governmental investigation, pending or threatened, whether based on statute, regulation or order, or tort, or contract or otherwise, before any court or governmental authority; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any Claim that is solely attributable to an Indemnified Party's gross negligence or willful misconduct. The indemnity agreement contained 

- 15 -

in this paragraph shall survive the termination of this Note, payment of any amounts hereunder and the assignment of any rights hereunder. The Borrower may participate at its expense in the defense of any such action or claim.

18. Miscellaneous. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals and other communications required or permitted hereunder (Notices) must be in writing (except as may be agreed otherwise above with respect to borrowing requests or as otherwise provided in this Note). Notices may be given in any manner to which the parties may agree. Without limiting the foregoing, first-class mail, postage prepaid, facsimile transmission and commercial courier service are hereby agreed to as acceptable methods for giving Notices. In addition, the parties agree that Notices may be sent electronically to any electronic address provided by a party from time to time or through an automated platform that the Bank provides to the Borrower. Notices may be sent to a partys address as set forth above or to such other address as any party may give to the other for such purpose in accordance with this paragraph. Notices will be effective upon receipt. For purposes hereof, receipt means: (i) for notices sent by U.S. mail, the third business day after the date such notice was sent; (ii) for notices delivered by hand or sent by overnight courier service, the date delivered; (iii) for notices sent by facsimile or electronic communication, the date when sent; and (iv) for notices sent by any other method, the date received. No delay or omission on the Banks part to exercise any right or power arising hereunder will impair any such right or power or be considered a waiver of any such right or power, nor will the Banks action or inaction impair any such right or power. The Banks rights and remedies hereunder are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies which the Bank may have under other agreements, at law or in equity. Except as otherwise set forth in this Note, no modification, amendment or waiver of, or consent to any departure by the Borrower from, any provision of this Note will be effective unless made in a writing signed by the Bank, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank may modify this Note for the purposes of completing missing content or correcting erroneous content, without the need for a written amendment, provided that the Bank shall send a copy of any such modification to the Borrower (which notice may be given by electronic mail). The Borrower agrees to pay on demand, to the extent permitted by law, all costs and expenses incurred by the Bank in the enforcement of its rights in this Note and in any security therefor, including without limitation reasonable fees and expenses of the Banks counsel. If any provision of this Note is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court, all the other provisions of this Note will remain in full force and effect. The Borrower and all other makers and endorsers of this Note hereby forever waive presentment, protest, notice of dishonor, notice of non-payment, notice of intent to accelerate and notice of acceleration, and any other notice of any kind. The Borrower also waives all defenses based on suretyship or impairment of collateral. If this Note is executed by more than one Borrower, the obligations of such persons or entities hereunder will be joint and several. This Note shall bind the Borrower and its heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns, and the benefits hereof shall inure to the benefit of the Bank and its successors and assigns; provided, however, that the Borrower may not assign this Note in whole or in part without the Banks written consent and the Bank at any time may assign this Note in whole or in part.

19. Governing Law and Venue. This Note has been delivered to and accepted by the Bank and will be deemed to be made in the State of Ohio (the State). This Note will be interpreted and the rights and liabilities of the Bank and the Borrower determined in accordance with the laws of the state, excluding its conflict of laws rules, including without limitation the Electronic Transactions Act (or equivalent) in effect in the state (or, to the extent controlling, the laws of the United States Of America, including without limitation the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act).The Borrower hereby irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court in the county or judicial district where the Banks office indicated above is located; provided that nothing contained in this Note will prevent the Bank from bringing any action, enforcing any award or judgment or exercising any rights against the Borrower individually, against any security or against any property of the Borrower within any other county, state or other foreign or domestic jurisdiction. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the venue provided above is the most convenient forum for both the Bank and the Borrower. The Borrower waives any objection to venue and any objection based on a more convenient forum in any action instituted under this Note.

- 16 -

20. Commercial Purpose. The Borrower represents that the indebtedness evidenced by this Note is being incurred by the Borrower solely for the purpose of acquiring or carrying on a business, professional or commercial activity, and not for personal, family or household purposes.

21. USA PATRIOT Act Notice. To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Borrower that opens an account. What this means: when the Borrower opens an account, the Bank will ask for the business name, business address, taxpayer identifying number and other information that will allow the Bank to identify the Borrower, such as organizational documents. For some businesses and organizations, the Bank may also need to ask for identifying information and documentation relating to certain individuals associated with the business or organization.

22. Representation by Counsel. The Borrower hereby represents that it has been represented by competent counsel of its choice, or has knowingly waived its right to use and retain counsel, in the negotiation and execution of this Note and the other Loan Documents; that it has read and fully understood the terms hereof; that the Borrower and any retained counsel have been afforded an opportunity to review, negotiate and modify the terms of this Note and the other Loan Documents; and that it intends to be bound hereby. In accordance with the foregoing, the general rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities in a contract are to be resolved against the party drafting the contract shall not be employed in the construction and interpretation of this Note or any other Loan Document.

23. Reserved.

24.Counterparts; Electronic Signatures and Records. This Note and any other Loan Document may be signed in any number of counterpart copies and by the parties hereto on separate counterparts, but all such copies shall constitute one and the same instrument. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the Borrower agrees that this Note, the Loan Documents, any amendments thereto, and any other information, notice, signature card, agreement or authorization related thereto (each, a Communication) may, at the Banks option, be in the form of an electronic record. Any Communication may, at the Banks option, be signed or executed using electronic signatures. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Bank of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format) for transmission, delivery and/or retention.

25.Unused Commitment Fee. Beginning on the first day of the calendar quarter after the date of this Note and continuing on the first day of each calendar quarter thereafter until the Expiration Date, the Borrower shall pay an unused commitment fee (the Unused Fee) to the Bank, in arrears, at the rate of 0.15% per annum on the daily balance under this Note which is undisbursed and uncanceled on each day during the preceding quarter. The Unused Fee shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and paid on the actual number of days elapsed. Borrower hereby authorizes and directs the Bank to charge the Borrowers deposit account with the Bank for each Unused Fee on or after the date it is due.

26. Amendment and Restatement. This Amended and Restated Revolving Line of Credit Note amends and restates the Amended and Restated Revolving Line of Credit Note dated March 28, 2024, as amended, payable by Borrower to the order of Bank (the Existing Note). This Note amends and restates the Existing Note in its entirety. As such, this Note represents in part a renewal of, and is issued in substitution and exchange for, and not in satisfaction or novation of, the obligations and other liabilities under the Existing Note. The obligations and other liabilities under the Existing Note are continuing obligations of the Borrower, and nothing herein shall be construed to deem such obligations and other liabilities paid, or to release or terminate any lien or security interest given to secure such obligations and other liabilities or any guaranty thereof. All references to the Line of Credit Note or words of like import in any document, instrument or agreement executed and delivered in connection with the Existing Note shall be deemed to refer to this Note as this Note may be further amended, modified or extended.

- 17 -

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

- 18 -

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Revolving Line of Credit Note

27. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. The Borrower irrevocably waives any and all rights the Borrower may have to a trial by jury in any action, proceeding or claim of any nature relating to this Note, any documents executed in connection with this Note or any transaction contemplated in any of such documents. The Borrower acknowledges that the foregoing waiver is knowing and voluntary.

The Borrower acknowledges that it has read and understands all the provisions of this Note, including the waiver of jury trial, and has been advised by counsel as necessary or appropriate. 

WITNESS the due execution hereof, as of the date first written above, with the intent to be legally bound hereby.

MEDPACE, INC.

By: /s/ Kevin Brady

Name: Kevin Brady

Title: Chief Financial Officer

- 19 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>medp-20250421exx991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 99.1

Investor Contact:

Lauren Morris

513.579.9911 x11994

l.morris@medpace.com

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Media Contact:

Michael Maley

513.579.9911 x12831

m.maley@medpace.com

Medpace Holdings, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2025 Results

Revenue of $558.6 million in the first quarter of 2025 increased 9.3% from revenue of $511.0 million for the comparable prior-year period, representing a backlog conversion rate of 19.2%.

Net new business awards were $500.0 million in the first quarter of 2025, representing a decrease of 18.8% from net new business awards of $615.6 million for the comparable prior-year period, which resulted in a net book-to-bill ratio of 0.90x.

First quarter of 2025 GAAP net income was $114.6 million, or $3.67 per diluted share, versus GAAP net income of $102.6 million, or $3.20 per diluted share, for the comparable prior-year period. Net income margin was 20.5% and 20.1% for the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, respectively.

EBITDA was $118.6 million for the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 2.6% from EBITDA of $115.7 million for the comparable prior-year period, resulting in an EBITDA margin of 21.2%.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, April 21, 2025-- Medpace Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: MEDP) (Medpace) today announced financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2025.

First Quarter 2025 Financial Results

Revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2025 increased 9.3% to $558.6 million, compared to $511.0 million for the comparable prior-year period. On a constant currency basis, revenue for the first quarter of 2025 increased 9.5% compared to the first quarter of 2024.

Backlog as of March 31, 2025 decreased 2.1% to $2,846.0 million from $2,907.1 million as of March 31, 2024. Net new business awards were $500.0 million, representing a net book-to-bill ratio of 0.90x for the first quarter of 2025, as compared to $615.6 million for the comparable prior-year period. The Company calculates the net book-to-bill ratio by dividing net new business awards by revenue.

For the first quarter of 2025, total direct costs were $380.2 million, compared to total direct costs of $355.9 million in the first quarter of 2024. Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses were $57.9 million in the first quarter of 2025, compared to SG&A expenses of $44.1 million in the first quarter of 2024. 

GAAP net income for the first quarter of 2025 was $114.6 million, or $3.67 per diluted share, versus GAAP net income of $102.6 million, or $3.20 per diluted share, for the first quarter of 2024. This resulted in a net income margin of 20.5% and 20.1% for the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, respectively.

EBITDA for the first quarter of 2025 increased 2.6% to $118.6 million, or 21.2% of revenue, compared to $115.7 million, or 22.6% of revenue, for the comparable prior-year period. On a constant currency basis, EBITDA for the first quarter of 2025 increased 1.9% from the first quarter of 2024.

A reconciliation of the Companys non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and EBITDA margin to the corresponding GAAP measures is provided below.

1

Balance Sheet and Liquidity

The Companys Cash and cash equivalents were $441.4 million at March 31, 2025, and the Company generated $125.8 million in cash flow from operating activities during the first quarter of 2025. 

During the first quarter of 2025, the Company repurchased 1,193,011 shares at an average price of $326.78 per share for a total of $389.8 million. As of March 31, 2025, the Company had $344.8 million remaining under its authorized share repurchase program.

Additionally, on April 17, 2025, the Companys Board of Directors approved an increase of $1.0 billion to the Companys stock repurchase program. The timing, price, and volume of repurchases will be based on market conditions, relevant securities laws and other factors. The stock repurchases may be made from time to time, through solicited or unsolicited transactions in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan. The program may be discontinued or amended at any time without notice. 

2025 Financial Guidance

The Company forecasts 2025 revenue in the range of $2.140 billion to $2.240 billion, representing growth of 1.5% to 6.2% over 2024 revenue of $2.109 billion. GAAP net income for full year 2025 is forecasted in the range of $378.0 million to $402.0 million. Additionally, full year 2025 EBITDA is expected in the range of $462.0 million to $492.0 million. Based on forecasted 2025 revenue of $2.140 billion to $2.240 billion and GAAP net income of $378.0 million to $402.0 million, diluted earnings per share (GAAP) is forecasted in the range of $12.26 to $13.04. This guidance assumes a full year 2025 tax rate of 15.5% to 16.5%, interest income of $15.8 million, and 30.8 million diluted shares outstanding. This guidance does not include the potential impact of any share repurchases the Company may make pursuant to the share repurchase program after March 31, 2025.

Conference Call Details

Medpace will host a conference call at 9:00 a.m. ET, Tuesday, April 22, 2025, to discuss its first quarter 2025 results.

To participate in the conference call, interested parties must register in advance by clicking on this link. While it is not required, it is recommended you join 10 minutes prior to the event start. Upon registration, all telephone participants will receive a confirmation email detailing how to join the conference call, including the dial-in number along with a unique PIN that can be used to access the call.

To access the conference call via webcast, visit the Investors section of Medpaces website at medpace.com. The webcast replay of the call will be available at the same site approximately one hour after the end of the call. A supplemental slide presentation will also be available at the Investors section of Medpaces website prior to the start of the call.

About Medpace

Medpace is a scientifically-driven, global, full-service clinical contract research organization (CRO) providing Phase I-IV clinical development services to the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and medical device industries. Medpaces mission is to accelerate the global development of safe and effective medical therapeutics through its high-science and disciplined operating approach that leverages regulatory and therapeutic expertise across all major areas including oncology, cardiology, metabolic disease, endocrinology, central nervous system and anti-viral and anti-infective. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, Medpace employs approximately 5,900 people across 44 countries as of March 31, 2025.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this press release that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including without limitation, statements regarding our forecasted financial results and the effective tax rate used for non-GAAP adjustment purposes. In this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future business and financial performance and financial condition, and often contain words such as guidance, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, seek, see, will, would, target, forecast, may, could, likely, 

2

anticipate, project, goal, objective, potential, range, estimate, preliminary, opportunity, outlook, trend, can, might, drives, hope, future, predict and similar expressions, and variations or negatives of these words. However, the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.

These forward-looking statements are largely based on managements current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect, among other things, our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our financial condition, actual results, performance (including share price performance), or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the following: the potential loss, delay or non-renewal of our contracts, or the non-payment by customers for services we have performed; the failure to convert backlog to revenue at our present or historical conversion rate(s); the failure to maintain or generate new business awards; fluctuation in our results between fiscal quarters and years; the risks and uncertainties related to disruptions to or reductions in business operations or prospects due to pandemics, epidemics, widespread health emergencies, or outbreaks of infectious diseases; decreased operating margins due to increased pricing pressure or other factors; our failure to perform our services or operate our business in accordance with contractual requirements, government regulations and ethical considerations; the impact of underpricing our contracts, overrunning our cost estimates or failing to receive approval for or experiencing delays with documentation of change orders; the failure of third parties to provide us critical support services; our failure to increase our market share, grow our business, successfully execute our growth strategies or manage our growth effectively; the impact of a failure to retain key executives or other personnel or recruit qualified personnel; the risks associated with our information systems infrastructure, including potential cybersecurity breaches and other disruptions which could compromise patient information or our information; risks from use of machine learning and generative artificial intelligence (AI), including risks from insufficient human oversight of AI or lack of controls and procedures monitoring AI use; adverse results from customer or therapeutic area concentration; the risks associated with doing business internationally, including the effects of tariffs and trade wars; the risks associated with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws; future net losses; the impact of changes in tax laws and regulations; our failure to attract suitable investigators and patients to our clinical trials; the liability risks associated with our research and development services, including risks of liability resulting from harm to patients; inadequate insurance coverage for our operations and indemnification obligations; fluctuations in exchange rates; general economic conditions, including inflation, in the markets in which we and our customers operate, including financial market conditions; the impact of unfavorable economic conditions, including conditions caused by the uncertain international economic environment and current and future international conflicts; the impact of a natural disaster or other catastrophic event; negative outsourcing trends in the biopharmaceutical industry and a reduction in aggregate expenditures and research and development budgets; our inability to compete effectively with other CROs; the impact of healthcare reform; the impact of consolidation in the biopharmaceutical industry; our failure to comply with federal, state and foreign healthcare laws; the effect of current and proposed laws and regulations regarding the protection of personal data; our potential involvement in costly intellectual property lawsuits; actions by regulatory authorities or customers to limit the scope of indications related to or withdraw an approved drug, biologic or medical device from the market; and the impact of industry-wide reputational harm to CROs. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment in which new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all important factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of such factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make.

These and other important factors discussed under the caption Risk Factors in Item 1A, Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and our other reports filed with the SEC could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements made in this press release. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized. Achievement of anticipated results is subject to substantial risks, uncertainties and inaccurate assumptions. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize or if underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this release and in our filings with the SEC. Any such forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of the date of this press release. While we may elect to update such forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we disclaim any obligation to do so, even if subsequent events, developments or circumstances cause our views to change. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release.

3

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Certain financial measures presented in this press release, such as EBITDA and EBITDA margin, are not recognized under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. Management uses EBITDA and EBITDA margin or comparable metrics as a measurement used in evaluating our operating performance on a consistent basis, as a consideration to assess incentive compensation for our employees, for planning purposes, including the preparation of our internal annual operating budget, and to evaluate the performance and effectiveness of our operational strategies.

EBITDA and EBITDA margin have important limitations as analytical tools and you should not consider them in isolation, or as a substitute for, analysis of our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. See the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this release for our U.S. GAAP results. Additionally, for reconciliations of EBITDA and EBITDA margin to our closest reported U.S. GAAP measures, refer to the appendix of this press release.

We believe that EBITDA and EBITDA margin are useful to provide additional information to investors about certain material non-cash and non-recurring items. While we believe these financial measures are commonly used by investors to evaluate our performance and that of our competitors, because not all companies use identical calculations, this presentation of EBITDA and EBITDA margin may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies and should not be considered as an alternative to performance measures derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. EBITDA is calculated as net income attributable to Medpace Holdings, Inc. before income tax expense, interest (income) expense, net, depreciation and amortization. EBITDA margin is calculated by dividing EBITDA by Revenue, net for each period. Our presentation of EBITDA and EBITDA margin should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items.

4

MEDPACE HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

(Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) Three Months Ended

March 31,

2025 2024

Revenue, net $ 558,570 $ 511,044 

Operating expenses: 

Direct service costs, excluding depreciation and amortization 177,816 171,492 

Reimbursed out-of-pocket expenses 202,404 184,410 

Total direct costs 380,220 355,902 

Selling, general and administrative 57,897 44,081 

Depreciation 6,694 6,631 

Amortization 236 361 

Total operating expenses 445,047 406,975 

Income from operations 113,523 104,069 

Other income, net: 

Miscellaneous (expense) income, net (1,816) 4,593 

Interest income, net 6,463 4,120 

Total other income, net 4,647 8,713 

Income before income taxes 118,170 112,782 

Income tax provision 3,575 10,191 

Net income $ 114,595 $ 102,591 

Net income per share attributable to common shareholders: 

Basic $ 3.77 $ 3.32 

Diluted $ 3.67 $ 3.20 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 30,387 30,843

Diluted 31,196 32,001

5

MEDPACE HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED)

(Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

As of

March 31,

2025 December 31,

2024

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 441,436 $ 669,436 

Accounts receivable and unbilled, net 298,217 296,443 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 81,784 63,350 

Total current assets 821,437 1,029,229 

Property and equipment, net 128,332 123,615 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 129,859 128,649 

Goodwill 662,396 662,396 

Intangible assets, net 34,130 34,366 

Deferred income taxes 99,692 100,357 

Other assets 21,523 22,254 

Total assets $ 1,897,369 $ 2,100,866 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable $ 61,318 $ 32,528 

Accrued expenses 286,099 307,807 

Advanced billings 718,716 710,585 

Other current liabilities 56,178 53,633 

Total current liabilities 1,122,311 1,104,553 

Operating lease liabilities 126,660 126,234 

Deferred income tax liability 1,838 1,800 

Other long-term liabilities 52,951 42,734 

Total liabilities 1,303,760 1,275,321 

Commitments and contingencies 

Shareholders equity: 

Preferred stock - $0.01 par-value; 5,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 

Common stock - $0.01 par-value; 250,000,000 shares authorized at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024; 29,836,211 and 30,630,799 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively 298 306 

Treasury stock - 70,073 shares at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 (12,235) (12,235) 

Additional paid-in capital 886,883 844,050 

(Accumulated deficit) retained earnings (269,716) 8,167 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss (11,621) (14,743) 

Total shareholders equity 593,609 825,545 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity $ 1,897,369 $ 2,100,866 

6

MEDPACE HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)

(Amounts in thousands) Three Months Ended

March 31,

2025 2024

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income $ 114,595 $ 102,591 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 6,694 6,631 

Amortization 236 361 

Stock-based compensation expense 16,892 4,310 

Noncash lease expense 6,064 5,696 

Deferred income tax provision (benefit) 749 (865) 

Other (502) (4,230) 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable and unbilled, net (2,069) 19,116 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets (17,553) (9,205) 

Accounts payable 10,720 (7,351) 

Accrued expenses (23,160) (21,132) 

Advanced billings 8,131 56,837 

Lease liabilities (6,548) (5,946) 

Other assets and liabilities, net 11,587 5,864 

Net cash provided by operating activities 125,836 152,677 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Property and equipment expenditures (9,994) (5,497) 

Other 7 8,027 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (9,987) 2,530 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from stock option exercises 25,934 7,660 

Repurchases of common stock (371,900) 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (345,966) 7,660 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATES ON CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND 

RESTRICTED CASH 2,117 (1,306) 

(DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH (228,000) 161,561 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH Beginning of period 669,436 245,449 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH End of period $ 441,436 $ 407,010 

7

MEDPACE HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP MEASURES (UNAUDITED)

(Amounts in thousands, except percentages) Three Months Ended

March 31,

2025 2024

RECONCILIATION OF GAAP NET INCOME TO EBITDA 

Net income (GAAP) $ 114,595 $ 102,591 

Interest income, net (6,463) (4,120) 

Income tax provision 3,575 10,191 

Depreciation 6,694 6,631 

Amortization 236 361 

EBITDA (Non-GAAP) $ 118,637 $ 115,654 

Net income margin (GAAP) 20.5 % 20.1 %

EBITDA margin (Non-GAAP) 21.2 % 22.6 %

FY 2025 GUIDANCE RECONCILIATION (UNAUDITED)

(Amounts in millions, except per share amounts) 

Forecast 2025

Net Income Net income per diluted share

Low High Low High

Net income and net income per diluted share (GAAP) $ 378.0 $ 402.0 $ 12.26 $ 13.04 

Income tax provision 70.7 76.7 

Interest income, net (15.8) (15.8) 

Depreciation 28.2 28.2 

Amortization 0.9 0.9 

EBITDA (Non-GAAP) $ 462.0 $ 492.0 

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>medp-20250417.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>medp-20250417_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>medp-20250417_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>medpace-logoxonxwhite.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 17, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Medpace Holdings, Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-37856

Entity Tax Identification Number 32-0434904

Entity Address, Address Line One 5375 Medpace Way

Entity Address, City or Town Cincinnati

Entity Address, State or Province OH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 45227

City Area Code 513

Local Phone Number 579-9911

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol MEDP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001668397

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://medpace.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

medp-20250417.htm 
medp-20250417.xsd 
medp-20250417_lab.xml 
medp-20250417_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001668397-25-000056-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>medp-20250417_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001668397 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

false 
0001668397 
8-K 
2025-04-17 
Medpace Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-37856 
32-0434904 
5375 Medpace Way 
Cincinnati 
OH 
45227 
513 
579-9911 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock $0.01 par value 
MEDP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>