<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001062993-25-002033.txt : 20250211
<SEC-HEADER>0001062993-25-002033.hdr.sgml : 20250211
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250211103813
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-25-002033
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250210
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250211
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250211

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Medicus Pharma Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001997296
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				981778211
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A6
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42408
		FILM NUMBER:		25608125

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CONSHOHOCKEN STATE RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			W. CONSHOHOCKEN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19428
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-540-7515

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CONSHOHOCKEN STATE RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			W. CONSHOHOCKEN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19428
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Medicus Pharma Ltd.: Form 8-K - Filed by newsfilecorp.com

false2025-02-100001997296Medicus Pharma Ltd.00019972962025-02-102025-02-100001997296exch:XNCMmdcx:CommonSharesNoParValueMember2025-02-102025-02-100001997296exch:XNCMmdcx:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneCommonShareAtAnExercisePriceOfFourPointSixFourPerShareMember2025-02-102025-02-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

___________________________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 10, 2025

MEDICUS PHARMA LTD.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Ontario 001-42408 98-1778211

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS Employer

of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

300 Conshohocken State Road, Suite 200

Conshohocken, Pennsylvania, United States19428

(Address of principal executive offices) (ZIP Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (610) 540-7515

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered

Common shares, no par value MDCX NASDAQ Capital Market

Warrants, each exercisable for one common share at an exercise price of $4.64 per share MDCXW NASDAQ Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b -2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Standby Equity Purchase Agreement 

On February 10, 2025, Medicus Pharma Ltd. ("Medicus" or the "Company") entered into a Standby Equity Purchase Agreement (the "SEPA") with YA II PN, Ltd. ("Yorkville"). Pursuant to the SEPA and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, Yorkville has committed to purchase the Company's common shares, no par value, in increments (each purchase, an "Advance") up to an aggregate gross sales price of up to $15,000,000 during the 36 months following the date of the SEPA (such shares, the "Shares"). The Shares will be sold at the Company's option pursuant to the SEPA at 97% of the Market Price (as defined pursuant to the SEPA) and purchases are subject to certain limitations set forth in the SEPA. The Company reserves the right to set a minimum acceptable price in connection with any Advance. The Company expects to use the net proceeds from any Advance, if any, to fund its Phase 2 proof of concept clinical trial for treatment of basal cell carcinoma using its doxorubicin tip loaded dissolvable microarray needle skinpatch. The Company may also use the net proceeds of this offering to expand its exploratory phase 2 clinical trial to a pivotal trial and/or to expand its trials to cover other non-melanoma skin diseases. The Company expects to use any remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes and working capital. 

Yorkville's obligation to purchase Shares pursuant to the SEPA is subject to a number of conditions, including that the Company file a registration statement (the "Registration Statement") with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") registering the resale of the Commitment Shares (as defined below) and the Shares. The Company is required to have a Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC before it can sell any Shares to Yorkville pursuant to the SEPA.

The total number of Shares issuable under the terms of the SEPA is limited to a number equivalent to 19.99% of the outstanding Shares as of the date of the SEPA unless certain pricing conditions are met, which could have the effect of limiting the total proceeds made available to the Company under the SEPA. The issuance of Shares under the SEPA is subject to further limitations, including that the Shares beneficially owned by Yorkville and its affiliates at any one time will not exceed 4.99% of the then-outstanding Shares.

As consideration for Yorkville's commitment to purchase the Shares pursuant the SEPA, the Company paid Yorkville a structuring fee in the amount of $25,000 and issued to Yorkville 105,840 common shares (the "Commitment Shares").

The foregoing description of the SEPA does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the SEPA, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offering would be unlawful.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained above in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference.

In the SEPA, Yorkville represented to the Company, among other things, that it is an "accredited investor" (as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act). The securities being issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including the Commitment Shares) are being issued and sold by the Company to Yorkville in reliance upon the exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On February 11, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company has entered into the SEPA and that the Company's board of directors has approved the voluntary delisting of its common shares from the TSX Venture Exchange ("TSXV"). The Company has submitted an application to the TSXV to complete such delisting. Following review of the Company's application, the delisting will be subject to the approval of the TSXV and the satisfaction of all necessary conditions.

The Company's common shares will continue to be listed and trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol "MDCX".

A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01.Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and between Medicus Pharma Ltd. and YA II PN, LTD.

99.1 Press Release, dated February 11, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL)

2

Forward Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the amount of Shares the Company may issue pursuant to the SEPA, if any, the anticipated use of any net proceeds from the issuance of Shares pursuant to the SEPA, the terms and conditions of the SEPA, including the requirements to have an effective registration statement with the SEC and the Company's intention to delist the Shares from the TSXV, including approval from the TSXV and the timing thereof and the Company's expectation that a market will continue to exist for its common shares on The Nasdaq Capital Market. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as "plan," "believe," "goal," "target," "aim," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "outlook," "estimate," "forecast," "project," "continue," "could," "may," "might," "possible," "potential," "predict," "should," "would" and other similar words and expressions, although the absence of these words or expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations and beliefs of the Company's management and are inherently subject to a number of factors, risks, uncertainties and assumptions and their potential effects. There can be no assurance that future developments will be those that have been anticipated. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements based on a number of factors, risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including the risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in the Company's filings with the SEC. Potential investors, shareholders and other readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they were made. The Company does not assume any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement after it was made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or regulation. Investors are referred to the full discussion of risks and uncertainties associated with forward-looking statements and the discussion of risk factors contained in the Company's filings with the SEC, which are available at www.sec.gov.

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

MEDICUS PHARMA LTD.

By: /s/ Raza Bokhari

Name: Dr. Raza Bokhari

Title: Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Dated: February 11, 2025

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Medicus Pharma Ltd.: Exhibit 1.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com

STANDBY EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS STANDBY EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") dated as of February 10, 2025, is made by and between YA II PN, LTD., a Cayman Islands exempt limited company (the "Investor"), and MEDICUS PHARMA LTD., a company incorporated under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada (the "Company"). The Investor and the Company may be referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

WHEREAS, the Parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall have the right to issue and sell to the Investor, from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, up to US$15 million of the Company's common shares, no par value (the "Common Shares");

WHEREAS, the Common Shares are listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol "MDCX;"

WHEREAS, the offer and sale of the Common Shares issuable hereunder will be made in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Securities Act"), or upon such other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the transactions to be made hereunder; and

WHEREAS, in consideration of the Investor's execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall issue to the Investor the Commitment Shares pursuant to and in accordance with Section 11.04.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

Article I. Certain Definitions

Capitalized terms used in this Agreement meanings ascribed to such terms in Annex I hereto, and hereby made a part hereof, or as otherwise set forth in this Agreement.

Article II. Advances

Section 2.01Advances; Mechanics. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, during the Commitment Period, the Company, at its sole discretion, shall have the right, but not the obligation, to issue and sell to the Investor, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, Advance Shares by the delivery to the Investor of Advance Notices on the following terms:

(a)Advance Notice. At any time during the Commitment Period the Company may require the Investor to purchase Shares by delivering an Advance Notice to the Investor, subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Investor of the conditions set forth in Annex II, and in accordance with the following provisions:

(i)The Company shall, in its sole discretion, select the number of Advance Shares, not to exceed the Maximum Advance Amount (unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company and the Investor), it desires to issue and sell to the Investor in each Advance Notice and the time it desires to deliver each Advance Notice. 

(ii)There shall be no mandatory minimum Advances and there shall be no non-usage fee for not utilizing the Commitment Amount or any part thereof.

(b)Date of Delivery of Advance Notice. Advance Notices shall be delivered in accordance with the instructions set forth on the bottom of Exhibit A attached hereto. An Advance Notice shall be deemed delivered on (i) the day it is received by the Investor if such notice is received by email at or before 9:00 a.m. New York City time (or at such later time if agreed to by the Investor in its sole discretion), or (ii) the immediately succeeding day if it is received by email after 9:00 a.m. New York City time. Upon receipt of an Advance Notice, the Investor shall promptly provide written confirmation (which may be by e-mail) of receipt of such Advance Notice, and which confirmation shall specify the commencement time of the applicable Pricing Period.

(c)Advance Limitations, Regulatory. Regardless of the number of Advance Shares requested by the Company in an Advance Notice, the final number of Advance Shares to be issued and sold pursuant to such Advance Notice shall be reduced (if at all) in accordance with each of the following limitations: 

(i)Ownership Limitation; Commitment Amount. At the request of the Company, the Investor shall inform the Company of the number of Common Shares the Investor beneficially owns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Investor shall not be obligated to purchase or acquire, and shall not purchase or acquire, any Common Shares under this Agreement which, when aggregated with all other Common Shares beneficially owned by the Investor and its Affiliates (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13d-3 promulgated thereunder), would result in the beneficial ownership by the Investor and its Affiliates (on an aggregated basis) of a number of Common Shares exceeding 4.99% of the then outstanding voting power or number of Common Shares (the "Ownership Limitation"). Upon the request of the Investor, the Company shall promptly (but no later than the next Business Day on which the transfer agent for the Common Shares is open for business) confirm orally or in writing to the Investor the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In connection with each Advance Notice delivered by the Company, any portion of an Advance that would (i) cause the Investor to exceed the Ownership Limitation or (ii) cause the aggregate number of Shares issued and sold to the Investor hereunder to exceed the Commitment Amount shall automatically be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company, and such Advance Notice shall be deemed automatically modified to reduce the number of Advance Shares requested by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion; provided that in the event of any such automatic withdrawal and automatic modification, the Investor will promptly notify the Company of such event.

- 2 -

(ii)Registration Limitation. In no event shall an Advance exceed the number of Common Shares registered in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby under the Registration Statement then in effect (the "Registration Limitation"). In connection with each Advance Notice, any portion of an Advance that would exceed the Registration Limitation shall automatically be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company and such Advance Notice shall be deemed automatically modified to reduce the aggregate amount of the requested Advance by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion; provided that in the event of any such automatic withdrawal and automatic modification, the Investor will promptly notify the Company of such event. 

(iii)Compliance with Rules of Principal Market. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,the Company shall not effect any sales under this Agreement and the Investor shall not have the obligation to purchase Advance Shares under this Agreement to the extent (but only to the extent) that after giving effect to such purchase and sale the aggregate number of Common Shares issued under this Agreement would exceed 2,362,163 (representing 19.99% of the aggregate number of Common Shares issued and outstanding as of the Effective Date of this Agreement (subject to adjustment for any stock splits, combinations or the like)), calculated in accordance with the rules of the Principal Market, which number shall be reduced, on a share-for-share basis, by the number of Common Shares issued or issuable pursuant to any transaction or series of transactions that may be aggregated with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under the applicable rules of the Principal Market (such maximum number of shares, the "Exchange Cap") provided that, the Exchange Cap will not apply if (a) the Company's shareholders have approved the issuance of Common Shares pursuant to this Agreement in excess of the Exchange Cap in accordance with the rules of the Principal Market, or (b) the Average Price of all applicable sales of Common Shares hereunder (including any sales covered by an Advance Notice that has been delivered prior to the determination of whether this clause (b) applies) equals or exceed US$2.75 per share (which represents the lower of (i) the Nasdaq Official Closing Price (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) immediately preceding the Effective Date; or (ii) the average Nasdaq Official Closing Price for the five Trading Days immediately preceding the Effective Date). In connection with each Advance Notice, any portion of an Advance that would exceed the Exchange Cap shall automatically be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company and such Advance Notice shall be deemed automatically modified to reduce the aggregate amount of the requested Advance by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion in respect of each Advance Notice. 

(d)Minimum Acceptable Price.

- 3 -

(i)With respect to each Advance Notice, the Company may notify the Investor of the Minimum Acceptable Price with respect to such Advance by indicating a Minimum Acceptable Price on such Advance Notice. If no Minimum Acceptable Price is specified in an Advance Notice, then no Minimum Acceptable Price shall be in effect in connection with such Advance. Each Trading Day during a Pricing Period for which (A) with respect to each Advance Notice with a Minimum Acceptable Price, the VWAP of the Common Shares is below the Minimum Acceptable Price in effect with respect to such Advance Notice, or (B) there is no VWAP (each such day, an "Excluded Day"), shall result in an automatic reduction to the number of Advance Shares set forth in such Advance Notice by one-third (1/3) (the resulting amount of each Advance being the "Adjusted Advance Amount"), and each Excluded Day shall be excluded from the Pricing Period for purposes of determining the Market Price.

(ii)The total number of Advance Shares in respect of each Advance with any Excluded Day(s) (after reductions have been made to arrive at the Adjusted Advance Amount) shall be automatically increased by such number of Common Shares (the "Additional Shares") equal to the greater of (a) the number of Common Shares sold by the Investor on such Excluded Day(s), if any, or (b) such number of Common Shares elected to be subscribed for by the Investor, and the subscription price per share for each Additional Share shall be equal to the Minimum Acceptable Price in effect with respect to such Advance Notice multiplied by 97%, provided that this increase shall not cause the total number of Advance Shares to exceed the amount set forth in the applicable Advance Notice or any limitations set forth in Section 2.01(c). 

(e)Unconditional Contract. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Company and the Investor acknowledge and agree that upon the Investor's receipt of a valid Advance Notice from the Company the Parties shall be deemed to have entered into an unconditional contract binding on both Parties for the purchase and sale of the applicable number of Advance Shares pursuant to such Advance Notice in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (i) subject to Applicable Laws and (ii) subject to Section 3.09, the Investor may sell Common Shares during the Pricing Period for such Advance Notice (including with respect to any Advance Shares subject to such Pricing Period).

Section 2.02Closings. The closing of each Advance and each sale and purchase of Advance Shares (each, a "Closing") shall take place as soon as practicable on or after each Advance Date in accordance with the procedures set forth below. The Parties acknowledge that the Purchase Price is not known at the time the Advance Notice is delivered (at which time the Investor is irrevocably bound) but shall be determined on each Closing based on the daily prices of the Common Shares that are the inputs to the determination of the Purchase Price as set forth further below (provided that for the purposes of determining the daily VWAP for any Trading Day, the Parties may use only a specified period withing a Trading Day upon mutual consent). In connection with each Closing, the Company and the Investor shall fulfill each of its obligations as set forth below:

- 4 -

(a)On each Advance Date, the Investor shall deliver to the Company a written document, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (each a "Settlement Document"), setting forth the final number of Advance Shares to be purchased by the Investor (taking into account any adjustments pursuant to Section 2.01), the Market Price, the Purchase Price, the aggregate proceeds to be paid by the Investor to the Company, and a report by Bloomberg, L.P. indicating the VWAP for each of the Trading Days during the Pricing Period (or, if not reported on Bloomberg, L.P., another reporting service reasonably agreed to by the parties), in each case in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(b)Promptly after receipt of the Settlement Document with respect to each Advance (and, in any event, not later than one Trading Day after such receipt), the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer such number of Advance Shares to be purchased by the Investor (as set forth in the Settlement Document) by crediting the Investor's account or its designee's account at the Depository Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto, and transmit notification to the Investor that such share transfer has been requested. Promptly upon receipt of such notification, the Investor shall pay to the Company the aggregate purchase price of the Advance Shares (as set forth in the Settlement Document) in cash in immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company in writing and transmit notification to the Company that such funds transfer has been requested. No fractional shares shall be issued, and any fractional shares that would otherwise be issued in connection with an Advance shall be rounded to the next higher whole number of shares. To facilitate the transfer of the Advance Shares by the Investor, the Advance Shares will not bear any restrictive legends so long as there is an effective Registration Statement covering the resale of such Advance Shares (it being understood and agreed by the Investor that notwithstanding the lack of restrictive legends, the Investor may only sell such Advance Shares pursuant to the Plan of Distribution set forth in the Prospectus included in the applicable Registration Statement and otherwise in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act (including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements) or pursuant to an available exemption).

(c)On or prior to the Advance Date, each of the Company and the Investor shall deliver to the other all documents, instruments and writings expressly required to be delivered by either of them pursuant to this Agreement in order to implement and effect the transactions contemplated herein.

(d)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the certificate(s) or book-entry statement(s) representing the Commitment Shares issued prior to the date the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC shall bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and stop transfer instructions may be placed against transfer of such shares):

- 5 -

"THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE BEEN SOLD IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS."

(e)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if on any day during the Pricing Period (i) the Company notifies the Investor that a Material Outside Event has occurred, or (ii) the Company notifies the Investor of a Black Out Period, the parties agree that the pending Advance shall end and the final number of Advance Shares to be purchased by the Investor at the Closing for such Advance shall be equal to the number of Common Shares sold by the Investor during the applicable Pricing Period prior to the notification from the Company of a Material Outside Event or Black Out Period.

Section 2.03Hardship. In the event the Company fails to perform its obligations as mandated in this Agreement after the Investor's receipt of an Advance Notice, the Company agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Article V hereto and in addition to any other remedy to which the Investor is entitled at law or in equity, including, without limitation, specific performance, it will hold the Investor harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or expense (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket legal fees and expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company and acknowledges that irreparable damage may occur in the event of any such default. It is accordingly agreed that the Investor shall be entitled to pursue an injunction or injunctions to prevent such breaches of this Agreement and to specifically enforce (subject to Applicable Laws and the rules of the SEC and the Principal Market), without the posting of a bond or other security, the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

Section 2.04Completion of Resale Pursuant to the Registration Statement. After the Investor has purchased the full Commitment Amount and has completed the subsequent resale of the full Commitment Amount pursuant to the Registration Statement, the Investor will notify the Company in writing (which may be by e-mail) that all subsequent resales are completed and the Company will be under no further obligation to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement.

Article III. Representations and Warranties of the Investor

The Investor represents and warrants to the Company, as of the date hereof, as of each Advance Notice Date and as of each Advance Date that:

Section 3.01Organization and Authorization. The Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to purchase or acquire the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. The decision to invest and the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party by the Investor, the performance by the Investor of its obligations hereunder and the consummation by the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized and require no other proceedings on the part of the Investor. The undersigned has the right, power and authority to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and all other instruments on behalf of the Investor or its shareholders. This Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Investor and, assuming the execution and delivery hereof and acceptance thereof by the Company, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Investor, enforceable against the Investor in accordance with its terms.

- 6 -

Section 3.02Evaluation of Risks. The Investor has such knowledge and experience in financial, tax and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of, and bearing the economic risks entailed by, an investment in the Common Shares of the Company and of protecting its interests in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that its investment in the Company involves a high degree of risk, and that the Investor may lose all or a part of its investment.

Section 3.03No Legal, Investment or Tax Advice from the Company. The Investor acknowledges that it had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of the Company's representatives or agents for legal, tax, investment or other advice with respect to the Investor's acquisition of Common Shares hereunder, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the laws of any jurisdiction, and the Investor acknowledges that the Investor may lose all or a part of its investment.

Section 3.04Investment Purpose. The Investor is acquiring the Common Shares for its own account, for investment purposes and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered under or exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, the Investor does not agree, or make any representation or warranty, to hold any of the Shares for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Shares at any time in accordance with, or pursuant to, a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement or an applicable exemption under the Securities Act. The Investor agrees not to sell, hypothecate or otherwise transfer the Shares except pursuant to (i) the Registration Statement in which the resale of such Shares is registered under the Securities Act, in a manner described under the caption "Plan of Distribution" in such Registration Statement, and in a manner in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations, or (ii) an exemption from such registration requirements. The Investor does not presently have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to sell or distribute any of the Shares. The Investor acknowledges that it will be disclosed as an "underwriter" and a "selling stockholder" in each Registration Statement and in any prospectus contained therein to the extent required by applicable law and to the extent the prospectus is related to the resale of Registrable Securities. 

- 7 -

Section 3.05Accredited Investor. The Investor is an "Accredited Investor" as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D.

Section 3.06Reliance on Exemptions. The Investor understands that the Shares are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of U.S. federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Investor's compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Investor set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Investor to acquire the Shares.

Section 3.07Information. The Investor and its advisors (and its counsel), if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and information the Investor deemed material to making an informed investment decision. The Investor and its advisors (and its counsel), if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company and its management and have received answers to such questions. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by such Investor or its advisors (and its counsel), if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect the Investor's right to rely on the Company's representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Company has not made to the Investor, and the Investor acknowledges and agrees it has not relied upon, any representations and warranties of the Company, its employees or any third party other than the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement. The Investor understands that its investment involves a high degree of risk. The Investor has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice, as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 3.08Not an Affiliate. The Investor is not an officer, director or a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with the Company or any "Affiliate" of the Company (as that term is defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act).

Section 3.09No Prior Short Sales. The Investor has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Investor, engaged in any transactions in the securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any Short Sales (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) or hedging transactions involving the Company's securities) during the period commencing as of the time that the Investor first contacted the Company or the Company's agents regarding the specific investment in the Company contemplated by this Agreement and ending immediately prior to the execution of this Agreement by the Investor.

Section 3.10General Solicitation. The Investor is not purchasing or acquiring the Shares as a result of, and neither the Investor, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged or will engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with any offer or sale of the Common Shares by the Investor.

- 8 -

Article IV. Representations and Warranties of the Company

Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company represents and warrants to the Investor that, as of the date hereof, each Advance Notice Date and each Advance Date (other than representations and warranties which address matters only as of a certain date, which shall be true and correct as written as of such certain date):

Section 4.01Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are entities duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of their respective jurisdiction of organization, and has the requisite power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing (to the extent applicable) in every jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 4.02Authorization, Enforcement, Compliance with Other Instruments. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to issue the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Shares) have been or (with respect to consummation) will be duly authorized by the Company's board of directors and no further consent or authorization will be required by the Company, its board of directors or its shareholders. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party have been (or, when executed and delivered, will be) duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the execution and delivery thereof and acceptance by the Investor, constitute (or, when duly executed and delivered, will be) the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors' rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

Section 4.03Authorization of the Shares. The Shares to be issued under this Agreement have been, or with respect to Shares to be purchased by the Investor pursuant to an Advance Notice, will be, when issued and delivered pursuant to the terms approved by the board of directors of the Company or a duly authorized committee thereof, or a duly authorized executive committee, against payment therefor as provided herein, duly and validly authorized and issued and fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of any pledge, lien, encumbrance, security interest or other claim, including any statutory or contractual preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights, and will be registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. The Shares, when issued, will conform to the description thereof set forth in or incorporated into the Prospectus.

- 9 -

Section 4.04No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Common Shares) will not (i) result in a violation of the articles of incorporation or other organizational documents of the Company or its Subsidiaries (with respect to consummation, as the same may be amended prior to the date on which any of the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated), (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or its Subsidiaries is bound or affected except, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above, to the extent such violations have not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.05SEC Documents; Financial Statements. Since the Company has been subject to the requirements of Section 12 of the Exchange Act, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, the Current Report, each Registration Statement, as the same may be amended from time to time, the Prospectus contained therein and each Prospectus Supplement thereto, and all information contained in such filings and all documents and disclosures that have been or may in the future be incorporated by reference therein or filed as exhibits thereto (all such documents hereinafter referred to as the "SEC Documents") and all such filings required to be filed within the last 12 months (or since the Company has been subject to the requirements of Section 12 of the Exchange Act, if shorter) have been made on a timely basis (giving effect to permissible extensions in accordance with Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act). The Company has delivered or made available to the Investor through the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov, true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, as applicable. Except as disclosed in amendments or subsequent filings to the SEC Documents, as of its filing date (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date hereof, on the date of such amended or superseded filing), each of the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

Section 4.06Financial Statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents, together with the related notes and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the consolidated results of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders' equity of the Company for the periods specified and have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act and Exchange Act and in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") or generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP"), as applicable, applied on a consistent basis (except for (i) such adjustments to accounting standards and practices as are noted therein, (ii) in the case of unaudited interim financial statements, to the extent such financial statements may not include footnotes required by IFRS or GAAP or may be condensed or summary statements and (iii) such adjustments which are not material, either individually or in the aggregate) during the periods involved; the other financial and statistical data with respect to the Company and the Subsidiaries contained or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents are accurately and fairly presented and prepared on a basis consistent with the financial statements and books and records of the Company; there are no financial statements (historical or pro forma) that are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents that are not included or incorporated by reference as required; the Company and the Subsidiaries do not have any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations), not described in the SEC Documents (excluding the exhibits thereto); and all disclosures contained or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents regarding "non-GAAP financial measures" (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC), if any, comply in all material respects with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the SEC's rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

- 10 -

Section 4.07Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement meet the requirements for and comply with the conditions for the use of Form S-1 under the Securities Act. Each Registration Statement and the offer and sale of Shares as contemplated hereby, if and when filed, will meet the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act and comply in all material respects with said Rule. Any statutes, regulations, contracts or other documents that are required to be described in a Registration Statement or a Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or to be filed as exhibits to a Registration Statement have been so described or filed. Copies of each Registration Statement, any Prospectus, and any such amendments or supplements thereto and all documents incorporated by reference therein that were filed with the SEC on or prior to the date of this Agreement have been delivered, or are available through EDGAR, to the Investor and its counsel. The Company has not distributed and, prior to the later to occur of each Advance Date and completion of the distribution of the Shares, will not distribute any offering material in connection with the offering or sale of the Shares other than a Registration Statement, the Prospectus contained therein, and any required prospectus supplement, in each case as reviewed and consented to by the Investor. 

Section 4.08No Misstatement or Omission. Each Registration Statement, when it became or becomes effective, and any Prospectus, on the date of such Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, conformed and will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. At each Advance Notice Date and applicable Advance Date, the Registration Statement, and the Prospectus, as of such date, will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. Each Registration Statement, when it became or becomes effective, did not, and will not, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. Each Prospectus did not, or will not, include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The documents incorporated by reference in a Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement did not, and any further documents filed and incorporated by reference therein will not, when filed with the SEC, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated in such document or necessary to make the statements in such document, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The foregoing shall not apply to statements in, or omissions from, any such document made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, information furnished to the Company by the Investor specifically for use in the preparation thereof.

- 11 -

Section 4.09Conformity with Securities Act and Exchange Act. Each Registration Statement, each Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, and the documents incorporated by reference in each Registration Statement, Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, when such documents were or are filed with the SEC under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or became or become effective under the Securities Act, as the case may be, conformed or will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable.

Section 4.10Equity Capitalization. 

(a)As of the date hereof, the Company's authorized capital consists of an unlimited number of common shares and an unlimited number of preferred shares. As of the date hereof, the Company had 11,816,721 common shares outstanding and no preferred shares outstanding.

(b)The Common Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are currently listed on a Principal Market under the trading symbol "MDCX." The Company has taken no action designed to, or that would reasonably be expected to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Shares under the Exchange Act, delisting the Common Shares from the Principal Market, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission or the Principal Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing. To the Company's knowledge, it is in compliance with all applicable listing requirements of the Principal Market.

(c)Existing Securities Obligations. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents: (A) none of the Company's or any Subsidiary's shares, interests or capital stock is subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights to participate in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (B) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares, interests or capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares, interests or capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares, interests or capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (C) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under the Securities Act (except pursuant to this Agreement) (D) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (E) there are no securities or instruments containing antidilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Shares and (G) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has entered into any Variable Rate Transaction.

- 12 -

Section 4.11Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all material trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and rights, if any, necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted, except as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have not received written notice of any infringement by the Company or its Subsidiaries of trademark, trade name rights, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, or trade secrets, except as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, there is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought against, or to the Company's knowledge, being threatened against the Company or its Subsidiaries regarding trademark, trade name, patents, patent rights, invention, copyright, license, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, trade secret or other infringement; and, except as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the Company is not aware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.

Section 4.12Employee Relations. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is involved in any labor dispute nor, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has any such dispute been threatened. 

Section 4.13Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) have not received written notice alleging any failure to comply in all material respects with all Environmental Laws (as defined below), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) have not received written notice alleging any failure to comply with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except, in each of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The term "Environmental Laws" means all applicable federal, state and local laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, "Hazardous Materials") into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

- 13 -

Section 4.14Title. Except as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the Company (or its Subsidiaries) has indefeasible fee simple or leasehold title to its properties and material assets owned by it, free and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, encumbrance, claim or equitable interest other than such as: (i) are described in the SEC Documents, (ii) are not material to the business of the Company or (iii) are for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

Section 4.15Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.16Regulatory Permits. Except as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries possess all material certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to own their respective businesses, and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has received any written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permits. 

Section 4.17Internal Accounting Controls. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management's general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management's general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences, and management is not aware of any material weaknesses that are not disclosed in the SEC Documents as and when required.

- 14 -

Section 4.18Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending against or affecting the Company, the Common Shares or any of the Company's Subsidiaries, wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding would have or be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.19 [Reserved].

Section 4.20Tax Status. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) has timely made or filed all foreign, federal and state income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has timely paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. The Company has not received written notification of any unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries know of no basis for any such claim where the failure to pay would have or would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.21Certain Transactions. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents or as not required to be disclosed pursuant to Applicable Laws, none of the officers or directors of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer or director, or to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer or director has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.

Section 4.22Rights of First Refusal. The Company is not obligated to offer the Common Shares offered hereunder on a right of first refusal basis or otherwise to any third parties including, but not limited to, current or former shareholders of the Company, underwriters, brokers, agents or other third parties.

Section 4.23Dilution. The Company is aware and acknowledges that issuance of Common Shares hereunder could cause dilution to existing shareholders and could significantly increase the outstanding number of Common Shares. 

Section 4.24Acknowledgment Regarding Investor's Purchase of Shares. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of an arm's length investor with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder. The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder is merely incidental to the Investor's purchase of the Shares hereunder. The Company is aware and acknowledges that it shall not be able to request Advances under this Agreement if a Registration Statement is not effective or if any issuances of Common Shares pursuant to any Advances would violate any rules of the Principal Market. The Company acknowledges and agrees that it is capable of evaluating and understanding, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

- 15 -

Section 4.25Finder's Fees. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has incurred any liability for any finder's fees, brokerage commissions or similar payments in connection with the transactions herein contemplated.

Section 4.26Relationship of the Parties. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf is a client or customer of the Investor or any of its affiliates and neither the Investor nor any of its affiliates has provided, or will provide, any services to the Company or any of its affiliates, its subsidiaries, or any person acting on its or their behalf. The Investor's relationship to Company is solely as investor as provided for in the Transaction Documents.

Section 4.27Operations. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in material compliance with Applicable Law and neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, not materially complied with Applicable Law; and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any governmental authority involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to Applicable Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

Section 4.28Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement or a Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith. 

Section 4.29Compliance with Laws. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are in material compliance with Applicable Law; the Company has not received a notice of non-compliance, nor knows of, nor has reasonable grounds to know of, any facts that any director, officer, or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any agent, Affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, has not materially complied with Applicable Laws, or could give rise to a notice of material non-compliance with Applicable Laws, and is not aware of any pending change or contemplated change to any applicable law or regulation or governmental position; in each case that would have or would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.30Sanctions Matters. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer or controlled Affiliate of the Company or any director or officer of any Subsidiary, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Asset Control ("OFAC"), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majesty's Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authorities, including, without limitation, designation on OFAC's Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List or OFAC's Foreign Sanctions Evaders List or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, "Sanctions"), or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory (including, without limitation, the Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions of Ukraine, the Donetsk People's Republic and Luhansk People's Republic in Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Sudan and Syria (the "Sanctioned Countries")). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds from the sale of Advance Shares, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person (a) for the purpose of funding or facilitating any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions or is a Sanctioned Country, or (b) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions or Applicable Laws. For the past five years, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in, and is now not engaged in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions or was a Sanctioned Country. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any director, officer or controlled Affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has ever had funds blocked by a United States bank or financial institution, temporarily or otherwise, as a result of OFAC concerns.

- 16 -

Section 4.31[Reserved].

Section 4.32General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged or will engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the offer or sale of the Common Shares.

Article V. Indemnification

The Investor and the Company represent to the other the following with respect to itself:

Section 5.01Indemnification by the Company. In consideration of the Investor's execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Shares hereunder, and in addition to all of the Company's other obligations under this Agreement, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Investor, its investment manager, Yorkville Advisors Global, LP, and their respective Affiliates, and each of the foregoing's respective officers, directors, managers, members, partners, employees and agents (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls any of the foregoing within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the "Investor Indemnitees") from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and reasonable and documented expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Investor Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable and documented attorneys' fees and disbursements (the "Indemnified Liabilities"), incurred by the Investor Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement for the registration of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor specifically for inclusion therein; (b) any material misrepresentation or breach of any material representation or material warranty made by the Company in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby; or (c) any material breach of any material covenant, material agreement or material obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable under Applicable Law, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities, which is permissible under Applicable Law.

- 17 -

Section 5.02Indemnification by the Investor. In consideration of the Company's execution and delivery of this Agreement, and in addition to all of the Investor's other obligations under this Agreement, the Investor shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Company and all of its officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the "Company Indemnitees") from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by the Company Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement for the registration of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that the Investor will only be liable for written information relating to the Investor furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor specifically for inclusion in the documents referred to in the foregoing indemnity, and will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Investor by or on behalf of the Company specifically for inclusion therein; (b) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Investor in this Agreement or any instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby executed by the Investor; or (c) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Investor contained in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby executed by the Investor. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Investor may be unenforceable under Applicable Laws, the Investor shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities, which is permissible under Applicable Laws.

- 18 -

Section 5.03Notice of Claim. Promptly after receipt by an Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving an Indemnified Liability, such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, as applicable, shall, if a claim for an Indemnified Liability in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Article V, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof; but the failure to so notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it of liability under this Article V except to the extent the indemnifying party is prejudiced by such failure. The indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually reasonably satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, as the case may be; provided, however, that an Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the actual and reasonable third party fees and expenses of not more than one counsel for such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee reasonably apprised as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent, provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The indemnification required by this Article V shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received and payment therefor is due.

- 19 -

Section 5.04Remedies. The remedies provided for in this Article V are not exclusive and shall not limit any right or remedy which may be available to any indemnified person at law or equity. The obligations of the parties to indemnify or make contribution under this Article V shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement.

Section 5.05Limitation of liability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Party shall seek, nor shall any be entitled to recover from the other Party be liable for, punitive or exemplary damages.

Article VI. 

Covenants

The Company covenants with the Investor, and the Investor covenants with the Company, as follows, which covenants of one party are for the benefit of the other party, during the Commitment Period:

Section 6.01Registration Statement. 

(a)Filing of a Registration Statement. The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC a Registration Statement, or multiple Registration Statements for the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities. The Company in its sole discretion may choose when to file such Registration Statements; provided, however, that the Company shall not have the ability to request any Advances until the effectiveness of a Registration Statement.

(b)Maintaining a Registration Statement. The Company shall maintain the effectiveness of any Registration Statement that has been declared effective at all times during the Commitment Period, provided, however, that if the Company has received notification pursuant to Section 2.04 that the Investor has completed resales pursuant to the Registration Statement for the full Commitment Amount, then the Company shall be under no further obligation to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall ensure that, when filed, each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) and the prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used in connection with such Registration Statement shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made) not misleading. During the Commitment Period, the Company shall notify the Investor promptly if (i) the Registration Statement shall cease to be effective under the Securities Act, (ii) the Common Shares shall cease to be authorized for listing on the Principal Market, (iii) the Common Shares cease to be registered under Section 12(b) or Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act or (iv) the Company fails to file in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act. During such time that the Investor is informed that the Registration Statement is no longer effective, the Investor agrees not to sell any Common Shares pursuant to such Registration Statement, but may sell shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, if available, subject to the Investor's compliance with Applicable Laws.

- 20 -

(c)Filing Procedures. The Company shall (A) permit counsel to the Investor an opportunity to review and comment upon (i) each Registration Statement at least three (3) Trading Days prior to its filing with the SEC and (ii) all amendments and supplements to each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, the Prospectus contained therein) (except for Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any similar or successor reports or Prospectus Supplements the contents of which is limited to that set forth in such reports) within a reasonable number of days prior to their filing with the SEC, and (B) shall reasonably consider any comments of the Investor and its counsel on any such Registration Statement or amendment or supplement thereto or to any Prospectus contained therein. The Company shall promptly furnish to the Investor, without charge, (i) electronic copies of any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC to the Company or its representatives relating to each Registration Statement (which correspondence shall be redacted to exclude any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), (ii) after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, one (1) electronic copy of each Registration Statement and any amendment(s) and supplement(s) thereto, including, without limitation, financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, if requested by the Investor, and all exhibits and (iii) upon the effectiveness of each Registration Statement, one (1) electronic copy of the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto; provided, however, the Company shall not be required to furnish any document to the extent such document is available on EDGAR).

(d)Amendments and Other Filings. The Company shall (i) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a Registration Statement and the related prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective at all times during the Commitment Period, and prepare and file with the SEC such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities; (ii) cause the related prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act; (iii) provide the Investor copies of all correspondence from and to the SEC relating to a Registration Statement (provided that the Company may excise any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information, and (iv) comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the Registration Statement. In the case of amendments and supplements to a Registration Statement which are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to this Section 6.01(d) by reason of the Company's filing a report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, or Form 8-K or any analogous report under the Exchange Act, the Company shall file such report in a prospectus supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act to incorporate such filing into the Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall file such amendments or supplements with the SEC either on the day on which the Exchange Act report is filed which created the requirement for the Company to amend or supplement the Registration Statement, if feasible, or otherwise promptly thereafter.

- 21 -

(e)Blue-Sky. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to, if required by Applicable Laws, (i) register and qualify the Common Shares covered by a Registration Statement under such other securities or "blue sky" laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Commitment Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Commitment Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Common Shares for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (w) make any change to its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or any other organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 6.01(e), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify the Investor of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Common Shares for sale under the securities or "blue sky" laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

Section 6.02Suspension of Registration Statement.

(a)Establishment of a Black Out Period. During the Commitment Period, the Company from time to time may suspend the use of the Registration Statement by written notice to the Investor in the event that the Company determines in good faith that such suspension is necessary (i) to delay the disclosure of material non-public information concerning the Company, the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion of the Company, in the best interests of the Company or (ii) to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus so that such Registration Statement or Prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (a "Black Out Period"). 

(b)No Sales by Investor During the Black Out Period. During such Black Out Period, the Investor agrees not to sell any Common Shares of the Company pursuant to such Registration Statement, but may sell shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, if available, subject to the Investor's compliance with Applicable Laws.

(c)Limitations on the Black Out Period. The Company shall not impose any Black Out Period that is longer than 30 days or in a manner that is more restrictive (including, without limitation, as to duration) than the comparable restrictions that the Company may impose on transfers of the Company's equity securities by its directors and senior executive officers. In addition, the Company shall not deliver any Advance Notice during any Black Out Period. If the public announcement of such material, nonpublic information is made during a Black Out Period, the Black Out Period shall terminate immediately after such announcement, and the Company shall immediately notify the Investor of the termination of the Black Out Period.

- 22 -

Section 6.03Listing of Common Shares. As of each Advance Notice Date and the relevant Advance Date, the Shares to be sold by the Company from time to time hereunder will have been registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and approved for listing on the Principal Market, subject to official notice of issuance.

Section 6.04Opinion of Counsel. Prior to the date of the delivery by the Company of the first Advance Notice, the Investor shall have received an opinion letter from counsel to the Company in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Investor.

Section 6.05Exchange Act Registration. The Company will file in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act and will not take any action or file any document (whether or not permitted by Exchange Act or the rules thereunder) to terminate or suspend its reporting and filing obligations under the Exchange Act.

Section 6.06Transfer Agent Instructions. During the Commitment Period (or such shorter time as permitted by Section 2.04 of this Agreement) and subject to Applicable Laws, the Company shall cause (including, if necessary, by causing legal counsel for the Company to deliver an opinion) the transfer agent for the Common Shares to remove restrictive legends from Common Shares purchased by the Investor pursuant to this Agreement, provided that counsel for the Company shall have been furnished with such documents as they may require for the purpose of enabling them to render the opinions or make the statements requested by the transfer agent, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the covenants, obligations or conditions, contained herein.

Section 6.07Corporate Existence. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve and continue the corporate existence of the Company during the Commitment Period.

Section 6.08Notice of Certain Events Affecting Registration; Suspension of Right to Make an Advance. The Company will promptly notify the Investor, and confirm in writing, upon its becoming aware of the occurrence of any of the following events in respect of a Registration Statement or related Prospectus: (i) receipt of any request for additional information by the SEC or any other Federal or state governmental authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement the response to which would require any post-effective amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the SEC or any other Federal governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Common Shares for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or written threat of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the happening of any event that makes any statement made in the Registration Statement or related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, related Prospectus or documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and that in the case of the related Prospectus, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or of the necessity to amend the Registration Statement or supplement a related Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or any other law (and the Company will promptly make available to the Investor any such supplement or amendment to the related Prospectus); (v) the Company's reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement would be required under Applicable Law; (vi) the Common Shares shall cease to be authorized for listing on the Principal Market; or (vii) the Company fails to file in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act. The Company shall not deliver to the Investor any Advance Notice, and the Company shall not sell any Shares pursuant to any pending Advance Notice (other than as required pursuant to Section 2.02(d)), during the continuation of any of the foregoing events (each of the events described in the immediately preceding clauses (i) through (vii), inclusive, a "Material Outside Event"). 

- 23 -

Section 6.09Consolidation. If an Advance Notice has been delivered to the Investor, then the Company shall not effect any consolidation of the Company with or into, or a transfer of all or substantially all the assets of the Company to another entity before the transaction contemplated in such Advance Notice has been closed in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, and all Shares in connection with such Advance have been received by the Investor.

Section 6.10Issuance of the Company's Common Shares. The issuance and sale of the Common Shares hereunder shall be made in accordance with the provisions and requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities law.

Section 6.11Expenses. The Company, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder, including but not limited to (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement and each amendment and supplement thereto, of each Prospectus and of each amendment and supplement thereto; (ii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of any Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) all fees and disbursements of the Company's counsel, accountants and other advisors (but not, for the avoidance doubt, the fees and disbursements of Investor's counsel, accountants and other advisors), (iv) the qualification of the Shares under securities laws in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, including filing fees in connection therewith, (v) the printing and delivery of copies of any Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto requested by the Investor, (vi) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing or qualification of the Shares for trading on the Principal Market, and (vii) filing fees of the SEC and the Principal Market.

Section 6.12Current Report. The Company shall, not later than 5:30 p.m., New York City time, on the fourth Business Day after the date of this Agreement, file with the SEC a current report on Form 8-K describing all the material terms of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents in the form required by the Exchange Act and attaching all the material Transaction Documents (including any exhibits thereto, the "Current Report"). The Company shall provide the Investor and its legal counsel a reasonable opportunity to comment on a draft of the Current Report including any exhibits to be filed related thereto, as applicable, prior to filing the Current Report with the SEC and shall reasonably consider all such comments. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly agrees that from and after the filing of the Current Report with the SEC, the Company shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information provided to the Investor (or the Investor's representatives or agents) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives (if any) in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and each of its and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents not to, provide the Investor with any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries without the express prior written consent of the Investor (which may be granted or withheld in the Investor's sole discretion. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly agrees that it shall publicly disclose in the Current Report or otherwise make publicly available any information communicated to the Investor by or, to the knowledge of the Company, on behalf of the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which, following the Effective Date would, if not so disclosed, constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting resales of Shares. In addition, effective upon the filing of the Current Report, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, Affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and Investor or any of its respective officers, directors, Affiliates, employees or agents, on the other hand, shall terminate.

- 24 -

Section 6.13Advance Notice Limitation. The Company shall not deliver an Advance Notice if a shareholder meeting or corporate action, or the record date for any shareholder meeting or any corporate action, would fall during the period beginning two Trading Days prior to the date of delivery of such Advance Notice and ending two Trading Days following the Closing of such Advance.

Section 6.14Use of Proceeds. The proceeds from the sale of the Shares by the Company to Investor shall be used by the Company in the manner as will be set forth in the Prospectus included in any Registration Statement (and any post-effective amendment thereto) and any Prospectus Supplement thereto filed pursuant to this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the transactions contemplated herein, or lend, contribute, facilitate or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person (i) to fund, either directly or indirectly, any activities or business of or with any Person that is identified on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocker Persons maintained by OFAC, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions or Sanctions Programs, or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions or Applicable Laws. 

- 25 -

Section 6.15Compliance with Laws. The Company shall comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws.

Section 6.16Market Activities. Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary, nor any of their respective officers, directors or controlling persons will, directly or indirectly, (i) take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes or might reasonably be expected to constitute or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of Common Shares or (ii) sell, bid for, or purchase Common Shares in violation of Regulation M, or pay anyone any compensation for soliciting purchases of the Shares.

Section 6.17Trading Information. Upon the Company's request, the Investor agrees to provide the Company with trading reports setting forth the number and average sales prices of Common Shares sold by the Investor during the prior trading week.

Section 6.18Selling Restrictions. Except as expressly set forth below, the Investor covenants that from and after the date hereof through and including the Trading Day next following the expiration or termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 9.01 (the "Restricted Period"), none of the Investor, any of its officers, or any entity managed or controlled by the Investor (collectively, the "Restricted Persons" and each of the foregoing is referred to herein as a "Restricted Person") shall, directly or indirectly, (i) engage in any "short sale" (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Common Shares, or (ii) hedging transaction, which establishes a net short position with respect to any securities of the Company (including the Common Shares), with respect to each of clauses (i) and (ii) hereof, either for its own principal account or for the principal account of any other Restricted Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is expressly understood and agreed that nothing contained herein shall (without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true) prohibit any Restricted Person during the Restricted Period from: (1) selling "long" (as defined under Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO) any Common Shares; or (2) selling a number of Common Shares equal to the number of Advance Shares that such Restricted Person is unconditionally obligated to purchase under a pending Advance Notice but has not yet received from the Company or the transfer agent pursuant to this Agreement.

Section 6.19Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. No Party shall have any power or any right to assign or transfer, in whole or in part, this Agreement, or any of its rights or any of its obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, any right to pursue any claim for damages pursuant to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, or to pursue any claim for any breach or default of this Agreement, or any right arising from the purported assignor's due performance of its obligations hereunder, without the prior written consent of the other Party and any such purported assignment in contravention of the provisions herein shall be null and void and of no force or effect. Without the consent of the Investor, the Company shall not have the right to assign or transfer any of its rights or provide any third party the right to bind or obligate the Company, to deliver Advance Notices or effect Advances hereunder.

Section 6.20Non-Public Information. The Company covenants and agrees that, other than as expressly required by Section 6.08 hereof, it shall refrain from disclosing, and shall cause its officers, directors, employees and agents to refrain from disclosing, any material non-public information (as determined under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or the rules and regulations of the SEC) to the Investor without also disseminating such information to the public, unless prior to disclosure of such information the Company identifies such information as being material non-public information and the Investor agrees in writing to accept such material non-public information for review. Unless specifically agreed to in writing, in no event shall the Investor have a duty of confidentiality or be deemed to have agreed to maintain information in confidence, with respect to the delivery of any Advance Notices.

- 26 -

Section 6.21No Frustration. The Company shall not enter into, announce or recommend to its stockholders any agreement, plan, arrangement or transaction in or of which the terms thereof would restrict, materially delay, conflict with or impair the ability or right of the Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, including, without limitation, the obligation of the Company to deliver the Shares to the Investor in respect of an Advance Notice.

Article VII. 

Non Exclusive Agreement

Notwithstanding anything contained herein, this Agreement and the rights awarded to the Investor hereunder are non-exclusive, and the Company may, at any time throughout the term of this Agreement and thereafter, issue and allot, or undertake to issue and allot, any shares and/or securities and/or convertible notes, bonds, debentures, options to acquire shares or other securities and/or other facilities which may be converted into or replaced by Common Shares or other securities of the Company, and to extend, renew and/or recycle any bonds and/or debentures, and/or grant any rights with respect to its existing and/or future share capital.

Article VIII. 

Choice of Law/Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial

Section 8.01This Agreement, and any and all claims, proceedings or causes of action relating to this Agreement or arising from this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, including, without limitation, tort claims, statutory claims and contract claims, shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced under and solely in accordance with the substantive and procedural laws of the State of New York, in each case as in effect from time to time and as the same may be amended from time to time, and as applied to agreements performed wholly within the State of New York. The Parties further agree that any action between them shall be heard in New York County, New York, and expressly consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the Supreme Court of New York, sitting in New York County, New York and the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, sitting in New York, New York, for the adjudication of any civil action asserted pursuant to this Agreement.

Section 8.02EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN, THE PERFORMANCE THEREOF OR THE FINANCINGS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTY HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS PARAGRAPH.

- 27 -

Article IX. Termination

Section 9.01Termination.

(a)Unless earlier terminated as provided hereunder, this Agreement shall terminate automatically on the earliest of (i) the 36-month anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which the Investor shall have made payment of Advances pursuant to this Agreement for Common Shares equal to the Commitment Amount.

(b)The Company may terminate this Agreement effective upon five Trading Days' prior written notice to the Investor; provided that (i) there are no outstanding Advance Notices, the Common Shares under which have yet to be issued, and (ii) the Company has paid all amounts owed to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by the mutual written consent of the parties, effective as of the date of such mutual written consent unless otherwise provided in such written consent. 

(c)Nothing in this Section 9.01 shall be deemed to release the Company or the Investor from any liability for any breach under this Agreement prior to the valid termination hereof, or to impair the rights of the Company and the Investor to compel specific performance by the other party of its obligations under this Agreement prior to the valid termination hereof. The indemnification provisions contained in Article V shall survive termination hereunder.

Article X. Notices

Other than with respect to Advance Notices, which must be in writing delivered in accordance with Section 2.01(b) and will be deemed delivered on the day set forth in Section 2.01(b), any notices, consents, waivers, or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally, (ii) upon receipt, when sent by e-mail if sent on a Trading Day, or, if not sent on a Trading Day, on the immediately following Trading Day, (iii) 5 days after being sent by U.S. certified mail, return receipt requested, or (iv) 1 day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses for such communications (except for Advance Notices which shall be delivered in accordance with Exhibit A hereof) shall be:

- 28 -

If to the Company, to: 

Medicus Pharma Ltd.

300 Conshohocken State Rd. Suite 200

W. Conshohocken, PA 19428

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

E-mail:

With copies (which shall not

constitute notice or delivery of process) to:

And to: 

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10019

Attn: Christopher J. Cummings

E-mail:

Bennett Jones LLP

3400 One First Canadian Place

Toronto, ON M5X 1A4

Attn: Aaron Sonshine

E-mail:

If to the Investor: 

YA II PN, Ltd.

1012 Springfield Avenue

Mountainside, NJ 07092

Attn: Mark Angelo

E-mail:

With a copy (which shall not

constitute notice or delivery of process) to: 

Robert Harrison, Esq.

1012 Springfield Avenue

Mountainside, NJ 07092

E-mail:

or at such other address and/or e-mail and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party three Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (i) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (ii) electronically generated by the sender's email service provider containing the time, date, recipient email address or (iii) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

Article XI. Miscellaneous

Section 11.01Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, both which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. Facsimile or other electronically scanned and delivered signatures (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com), including by e-mail attachment, shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes of this Agreement.

- 29 -

Section 11.02Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement supersedes all other prior oral or written agreements between the Investor, the Company, their respective Affiliates and persons acting on their behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and, except as specifically set forth herein, neither the Company nor the Investor makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by agreement of the parties to this Agreement.

Section 11.03Reporting Entity for the Common Shares. The reporting entity relied upon for the determination of the trading price or trading volume of the Common Shares on any given Trading Day for the purposes of this Agreement shall be Bloomberg, L.P. or any successor thereto. The written mutual consent of the Investor and the Company shall be required to employ any other reporting entity.

Section 11.04Commitment and Structuring Fee. Each of the parties shall pay its own fees and expenses (including the fees of any attorneys, accountants, appraisers or others engaged by such party) in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, except that the Company has paid the Investor or its designee a structuring fee in the amount of US$25,000, and the Company shall pay a commitment fee in an amount equal to 2.00% of the Commitment Amount (the "Commitment Fee") by the issuance to the Investor on the Effective Date of such number of Common Shares that is equal to the Commitment Fee divided by the average of the daily VWAPs of the Common Shares during the 3 Trading Days immediately prior to the Effective Date (collectively, the "Commitment Shares"). The Commitment Shares issued hereunder shall be included on the initial Registration Statement. 

Section 11.05Brokerage. Each of the parties hereto represents that it has had no dealings in connection with this transaction with any finder or broker who will demand payment of any fee or commission from the other party. The Company on the one hand, and the Investor, on the other hand, agree to indemnify the other against and hold the other harmless from any and all liabilities to any person claiming brokerage commissions or finder's fees on account of services purported to have been rendered on behalf of the indemnifying party in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

- 30 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Standby Equity Purchase Agreement to be executed by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

MEDICUS PHARMA LTD. 

By: /s/ Dr. Raza Bokhari

Name: Dr. Raza Bokhari

Title: Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

INVESTOR:

YA II PN, Ltd.

By:Yorkville Advisors Global, LP

Its:Investment Manager

By: Yorkville Advisors Global II, LLC

Its: General Partner

By: /s/ Matthew Beckman

Name:Matthew Beckman

Title:Manager

- 31 -

ANNEX I TO THE 

STANDBY EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT

DEFINITIONS

"Additional Shares" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(d)(ii).

"Adjusted Advance Amount" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(d)(i).

"Advance" shall mean any issuance and sale of Advance Shares by the Company to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement.

"Advance Date" shall mean the first Trading Day after expiration of the applicable Pricing Period for each Advance.

"Advance Notice" shall mean a written notice in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto to the Investor executed by an officer of the Company and setting forth the number of Advance Shares that the Company desires to issue and sell to the Investor.

"Advance Notice Date" shall mean each date the Company is deemed to have delivered (in accordance with Section 2.01(b) of this Agreement) an Advance Notice to the Investor, subject to the terms of this Agreement.

"Advance Shares" shall mean the Common Shares that the Company shall issue and sell to the Investor pursuant to an Advance Notice delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

"Affiliate" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.08.

"Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

"Applicable Laws" shall mean all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations, orders, decrees, rulings, injunctions, executive orders, directives, policies, guidelines and codes having the force of law, whether local, national, or international, as amended from time to time, including without limitation (i) all applicable laws that relate to money laundering, terrorist financing, financial record keeping and reporting, (ii) all applicable laws that relate to anti-bribery, anti-corruption, books and records and internal controls, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and (iii) any Sanctions laws.

"Average Price" shall mean a price per Share equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the aggregate gross purchase price paid by the Investor for all Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement, by (ii) the aggregate number of Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement.

"Black Out Period" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.02(a).

"Business Day" shall mean any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by Applicable Law to close.

"Closing" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.02.

"Commitment Amount" shall mean US$15,000,000 of Common Shares.

"Commitment Fee" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.04.

"Commitment Period" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and expiring upon the date of termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 9.01.

"Commitment Shares" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.04.

"Common Share Equivalents" shall mean any securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries which entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Shares.

"Common Shares" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

"Company" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

"Company Indemnitees" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.02.

"Condition Satisfaction Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Annex II.

"Current Report" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.12.

"Daily Traded Amount" shall mean the daily trading volume of the Common Shares on the Principal Market during regular trading hours as reported by Bloomberg L.P..

"Effective Date" shall mean the date hereof.

"Environmental Laws" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.13.

"Exchange Act" shall mean the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

"Exchange Cap" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(c)(iii).

"Excluded Day" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(d)(i).

"GAAP" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.06.

"Hazardous Materials" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.13.

"IFRS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.06.

"Indemnified Liabilities" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

"Investor" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

"Investor Indemnitees" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

"Market Price" shall mean the lowest of the daily VWAPs of the Common Shares during the relevant Pricing Period, other than the daily VWAP on any Excluded Days.

"Material Adverse Effect" shall mean any event, occurrence or condition that has had or would reasonably be expected to have (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Company's ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under this Agreement.

"Material Outside Event" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.08.

"Maximum Advance Amount" in respect of each Advance Notice means the greater of: (i) an amount equal to the average of the Daily Traded Amount during the five consecutive Trading Days immediately preceding an Advance Notice and (ii) such number of Common Shares equal to US$500,000 as of the date of each Advance Notice (determined based on the last closing price of the Ordinary Shares on the Principal Market prior to delivery of such Advance Notice). 

"Minimum Acceptable Price" or "MAP" shall mean the minimum price notified by the Company to the Investor in each Advance Notice, if applicable.

"Nasdaq" shall mean The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

"OFAC" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.30.

"Ownership Limitation" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(c)(i).

"Person" shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

"Plan of Distribution" shall mean the section of a Registration Statement disclosing the plan of distribution of the Shares. 

"Pricing Period" shall mean the three (3) consecutive Trading Days commencing on the Advance Notice Date, unless otherwise agreed between the Parties.

"Principal Market" shall mean the Nasdaq Capital Market; provided however, that in the event the Common Shares are ever listed or traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE American, then the "Principal Market" shall mean such other market or exchange on which the Common Shares are then listed or traded to the extent such other market or exchange is the principal trading market or exchange for the Common Shares.

"Prospectus" shall mean any prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used by the Company in connection with a Registration Statement. 

"Prospectus Supplement" shall mean any prospectus supplement to a Prospectus filed with the SEC from time to time pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, including the documents incorporated by reference therein, including, without limitation, any prospectus supplement to be filed in accordance with Section 6.01 hereof.

"Purchase Price" shall mean the price per Advance Share obtained by multiplying the Market Price by 97%.

"Registrable Securities" shall mean (i) the Shares, and (ii) any securities issued or issuable with respect to the Shares by way of exchange, stock dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization or otherwise.

"Registration Limitation" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(c)(ii). 

"Registration Statement" shall mean a registration statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 or on such other form promulgated by the SEC for which the Company then qualifies and which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate, and which form shall be available for the registration of the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities under the Securities Act, which registration statement provides for the resale from time to time of the Shares as provided herein.

"Regulation D" shall mean the provisions of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 

"Sanctions" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.30. 

"Sanctioned Countries" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.30.

"SEC" shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

"SEC Documents" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.05.

"Securities Act" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

"Settlement Document" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).

"Shares" shall mean the Commitment Shares and the Common Shares to be issued from time to time hereunder pursuant to an Advance.

"Subsidiaries" shall mean any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (x) owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock or holds a majority of the equity or similar interest of such Person or (y) controls or operates all or substantially all of the business, operations or administration of such Person, and the foregoing are collectively referred to herein as "Subsidiaries."

"Trading Day" shall mean any day during which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

"Transaction Documents" means, collectively, this Agreement and each of the other agreements and instruments entered into or delivered by any of the parties hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, as may be amended from time to time.

"Variable Rate Transaction" shall mean a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional Common Shares either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price, exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Shares at any time after the initial issuance of Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such equity or debt security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Shares (including, without limitation, any "full ratchet," "share ratchet," "price ratchet," or "weighted average" anti-dilution provisions, but not including any standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split or other similar transaction), (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including but not limited to an "equity line of credit" or other continuous offering or similar offering of Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents, or (iii) any forward purchase agreement, equity pre-paid forward transaction or other similar offering of securities where the purchaser of securities of the Company receives an upfront or periodic payment of all, or a portion of, the value of the securities so purchased, and the Company receives proceeds from such purchaser based on a price or value that varies with the trading prices of the Common Shares.

"VWAP" shall mean for any Trading Day or specified period, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares on the Principal Market, for such period as reported by Bloomberg L.P. through its "AQR" function.

ANNEX II

TO THE STANDBY EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE RIGTH OF THE COMPANY

TO DELIVERY AN ADVANCE NOTICE

The right of the Company to deliver an Advance Notice and the obligations of the Investor hereunder with respect to an Advance are subject to the satisfaction or waiver, on each Advance Notice Date (a "Condition Satisfaction Date"), of each of the following conditions:

(a)Accuracy of the Company's Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Advance Notice Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such other date).

(b)Issuance of Commitment Shares. The Company shall have issued the Commitment Shares to an account designated by the Investor, in accordance with Section 11.04, all of which Commitment Shares shall be fully earned and non-refundable, regardless of whether any Advance Notices are made or settled hereunder or any subsequent termination of this Agreement.

(c)Registration of the Common Shares with the SEC. There is an effective Registration Statement pursuant to which the Investor is permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to resell all of the Common Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice. The Current Report shall have been filed with the SEC, and the Company shall have filed with the SEC in a timely manner all reports, notices and other documents required under the Exchange Act and applicable SEC regulations during the twelve-month period immediately preceding the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date.

(d)Delisting. The Common Shares shall have been delisted from the TSX Venture Exchange (the "Delisting") and supporting documentation of the Delisting shall have been delivered to the Investor in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Investor. Following the Delisting, the Common Shares shall be solely listed and traded upon the Nasdaq Capital Market or another Principal Market.

(e)Authority. The Company shall have obtained all permits and qualifications required by any applicable state for the offer and sale of all the Common Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice or shall have the availability of exemptions therefrom. The sale and issuance of such Common Shares shall be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which the Company is subject.

(f)No Material Outside Event. No Material Outside Event shall have occurred and be continuing.

(g)Board. (I) The board of directors of the Company has approved the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, (II) said approval has not been amended, rescinded or modified and remains in full force and effect as of the date hereof, and (III) a true, correct and complete copy of such resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors of the Company shall have been provided to the Investor.

(h)Performance by the Company. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date.

(i)No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or materially and adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(j)No Suspension of Trading in or Delisting of Common Shares. (I) Trading in the Common Shares shall not have been suspended by the SEC, the Principal Market or FINRA, (II) the Company shall not have received any notice that the listing or quotation of the Common Shares on the Principal Market shall be terminated, nor shall there have been imposed any suspension of, or restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the Common Shares, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Shares that is continuing, and (III) the Company shall not have received any notice from DTC to the effect that a suspension of, or restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the Common Shares, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Shares is being imposed or is contemplated, and (IV) all of the Common Shares issuable pursuant to the applicable Advance Notice shall be eligible for deposit at the brokerage account provided by the Investor for the delivery of such Common Shares.

(k)Authorized. All of the Common Shares issuable pursuant to the applicable Advance Notice shall have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company. All Common Shares relating to all prior Advance Notices required to have been received by the Investor under this Agreement shall have been delivered to the Investor in accordance with this Agreement.

(l)Executed Advance Notice. The representations contained in the applicable Advance Notice shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date.

(m)Consecutive Advance Notices. Except with respect to the first Advance Notice, the Company shall have delivered all Advance Shares relating to all prior Advances. 

EXHIBIT A

ADVANCE NOTICE

MEDICUS PHARMA LTD.

Dated: ______________Advance Notice Number: ____

The undersigned, _______________________, hereby certifies, with respect to the sale of Common Shares of MEDICUS PHARMA LTD. (the "Company") issuable in connection with this Advance Notice, delivered pursuant to that certain Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2025 (the "Agreement"), as follows (with capitalized terms used herein without definition having the same meanings as given to them in the Agreement):

1.The undersigned is the duly elected ______________ of the Company.

2.There are no fundamental changes to the information set forth in the Registration Statement which would require the Company to file a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement.

3. The Company has performed in all material respects all covenants and agreements to be performed by the Company contained in the Agreement on or prior to the Advance Notice Date. All conditions to the delivery of this Advance Notice are satisfied as of the date hereof.

4.The number of Advance Shares the Company is requesting is _____________________.

6.The Minimum Acceptable Price with respect to this Advance Notice is ____________ (if left blank then no Minimum Acceptable Price will be applicable to this Advance).

7.The number of Common Shares of the Company outstanding as of the date hereof is ___________.

The undersigned has executed this Advance Notice as of the date first set forth above.

MEDICUS PHARMA LTD.

By:__________________________________________ 

Name:

Title:

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF SETTLEMENT DOCUMENT

VIA EMAIL

MEDICUS PHARMA LTD.

Attn: 

Email:

Below please find the settlement information with respect to the Advance Notice Date of: 

1.a. 

Number of Common Shares requested in the Advance Notice 

1.b. 

Number of Common Shares traded during Pricing Period 

2. 

Minimum Acceptable Price for this Advance (if any) 

3. 

Number of Excluded Days (if any) 

4. 

Adjusted Advance Amount (if applicable) 

5. 

Market Price 

6. 

Purchase Price (Market Price x 97%) per share 

7. 

Number of Advance Shares due to the Investor 

8. 

Total Purchase Price due to Company (row 6 x row 7) 

If there were any Excluded Days then add the following

9. 

Number of Additional Shares to be issued to the Investor 

10. 

Additional amount to be paid to the Company by the Investor (Additional Shares in row 9 x Minimum Acceptable Price x 97%) 

11. 

Total Amount to be paid to the Company (Purchase Price in row 8 + additional amount in row 10) 

12. 

Total Advance Shares to be issued to the Investor (Advance Shares due to the Investor in row 7 + Additional Shares in row 9) 

Please issue the number of Advance Shares due to the Investor to the account of the Investor as follows:

INVESTOR'S DTC PARTICIPANT #:

ACCOUNT NAME:

ACCOUNT NUMBER:

ADDRESS:

CITY:

COUNTRY: 

CONTACT PERSON:

NUMBER AND/OR EMAIL:

Sincerely, 

YA II PN, LTD.

Agreed and approved by 

MEDICUS PHARMA LTD. 

__________________________________

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Medicus Pharma Ltd.: Exhibit 99.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com

MEDICUS PHARMA LTD. ENTERS INTO STANDBY EQUITY PURCHASE 

AGREEMENT AND ANNOUNCES INTENTION TO VOLUNTARILY DELIST FROM 

THE TSX VENTURE EXCHANGE (TSXV)

Medicus Pharma Ltd.'s shares will remain listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market

Toronto, Ontario & Philadelphia, PA - February 11, 2025 - Medicus Pharma Ltd. (NASDAQ: MDCX) ("Medicus" or the "Company") today announced that it has entered into a Standby Equity Purchase Agreement (the "SEPA") with YA II PN, LTD (the "Investor"), an investment fund managed by Yorkville Advisors Global, LP. Pursuant to the SEPA, the Company has the option, at its sole discretion, to sell up to US$15,000,000 of the Company's common shares (the "Shares") to the Investor at any time during the 36-months following the date of the SEPA.

The Investor's obligation to purchase Shares is subject to a number of conditions, including that the Company file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") registering the resale of the Shares issuable thereunder, and that the registration statement is declared effective by the SEC.

The total number of Shares issuable under the terms of the SEPA is limited to a number equivalent to 19.99% of the outstanding Shares as of the date of the SEPA unless certain pricing conditions are met, which could have the effect of limiting the total proceeds made available to the Company under the SEPA. The issuance of Shares under the SEPA is subject to further limitations, including that the Shares beneficially owned by the Investor and its affiliates at any one time will not exceed 4.99% of the then-outstanding Shares.

Shares issued and sold to the Investor under the SEPA will be priced at 97% of the Market Price (as defined in the SEPA) of the Shares during a specified three-day pricing period. The Company reserves the right to set a minimum acceptable price for the Share issuances.

For further information on the SEPA, including important terms and conditions, please see the Company's filings with the SEC, including the Company's Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC from time to time.

TSXV Delisting

The Company also today announced that the Company's board of directors has approved the voluntary delisting (the "Delisting") of the Shares from the TSX Venture Exchange (the "TSXV"). The Company has submitted an application to the TSXV to complete such Delisting in due course. Following review of the Company's application, the Delisting will be subject to the approval of the TSXV and the satisfaction of all necessary conditions. The Shares will continue to be listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market ("Nasdaq") under the symbol "MDCX" and shareholders will be able to continue to trade their Shares through Nasdaq.

Trading on Nasdaq represents the large majority of the Company's trading volume. Given the low trading volume on the TSXV, the Company has determined, after due consideration, that maintaining the TSXV listing does not form part of the Company's go-forward capital markets strategy. The Company is not required to seek shareholder approval for the Delisting since an alternative market for the Shares exists on Nasdaq.

Medicus will remain a "reporting issuer" in Canada and will continue to provide disclosure on SEDAR+ as required by applicable Canadian securities laws. Additional information regarding the Delisting application will be disseminated in due course.

Many brokers in Canada, including discount and online brokers, can buy and sell securities listed on Nasdaq. Shareholders holding Shares in Canadian brokerage accounts may contact their brokers to confirm how to trade their Shares on Nasdaq.

For further information contact:

Carolyn Bonner, President

(610) 636-0184

cbonner@medicuspharma.com

Jeremy Feffer

LifeSci Advisors

(212) 915-2568

jfeffer@lifesciadvisors.com

About Medicus Pharma Ltd:

Medicus Pharma Ltd. (Nasdaq: MDCX, TSXV: MDCX) is a biotech/life sciences company focused on accelerating the clinical development programs of novel and disruptive therapeutics assets.

SkinJect Inc. a wholly owned subsidiary of Medicus Pharma Ltd, is a development stage, life sciences company focused on commercializing novel, non-invasive treatment for basal cell skin cancer using patented dissolvable microneedle patch to deliver chemotherapeutic agent to eradicate tumors cells. The Company has completed a phase 1 safety & tolerability study (SKNJCT-001) in March of 2021, which met its primary objective of safety and tolerability; the study also describes the efficacy of the investigational product D-MNA, with six (6) participants experiencing complete response on histological examination of the resected lesion. The Company submitted a Phase 2 IND clinical protocol to the FDA in January 2024 for a randomized, controlled, double-blind, multicenter clinical study (SKNJCT-003) that is expected to randomize up to 60 patients. The study is designed to evaluate the efficacy of two dose of two dose levels (100 and 200 ug) of D-MNA compared to placebo (P-MNA) in subjects with nodular BCC. Patient recruitment is currently underway in nine sites across the United States.

Cautionary Notice on Forward-Looking Statements

Certain information in this news release constitutes "forward-looking information" under applicable securities laws. "Forward-looking information" is defined as disclosure regarding possible events, conditions or financial performance that is based on assumptions about future economic conditions and courses of action and includes, without limitation, statements regarding the amount of Shares the Company may issue pursuant to the SEPA, if any, the terms and conditions of the SEPA, including the requirement to have an effective registration statement with the SEC, the Company's intention to delist the Shares from the TSXV,including approval from the TSXV and the timing thereof and the expectation that a market will continue to exist for the Shares on Nasdaq. Forward-looking statements are often but not always identified by the use of such terms as "may", "might", "will", "will likely result", "would", "should", "estimate", "plan", "project", "forecast", "intend", "expect", "anticipate", "believe", "seek", "continue", "target" or the negative and/or inverse of such terms or other similar expressions.

These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including those risk factors described in the Company's public filings on SEDAR+ and on EDGAR, which may impact, among other things, the trading price and liquidity of the Shares. Forward-looking statements contained in this news release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement and reflect our expectations as of the date hereof, and thus are subject to change thereafter. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

Readers are cautioned that the foregoing list is not exhaustive and readers are encouraged to review the Company's long form prospectus accessible on the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov. Readers are further cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as there can be no assurance that the plans, intentions or expectations upon which they are placed will occur. Such information, although considered reasonable by management at the time of preparation, may prove to be incorrect and actual results may differ materially from those anticipated.

Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mdcx-20250210.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001000 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mdcx-20250210_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mdcx-20250210_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>mdcx-20250210_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Document and Entity Information [Abstract] 

Document Information [Table] 
Document Information [Table] 

ntity Addresses, Address Type [Axis] 
ntity Addresses, Address Type [Axis] 

Address Type [Domain] 
Address Type [Domain] 

Former Address [Member] 
Former Address [Member] 

Entity Listings, Exchange [Axis] 
Entity Listings, Exchange [Axis] 

Exchange [Domain] 
Exchange [Domain] 

New York Stock Exchange [Member] 
New York Stock Exchange [Member] 

NASDAQ [Member] 
NASDAQ [Member] 

NASDAQ Global Select Market [Member] 
NASDAQ Global Select Market [Member] 

Toronto Stock Exchange [Member] 
Toronto Stock Exchange [Member] 

NYSE MKT LLC [Member] 
NYSE MKT LLC [Member] 

NASDAQ Global Market [Member] 
NASDAQ Global Market [Member] 

NASDAQ Capital Market [Member] 
NASDAQ Capital Market [Member] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Common Stock Class A [Member] 
Common Stock Class A [Member] 

Common Stock Class B [Member] 
Common Stock Class B [Member] 

Preferred Stock [Member] 
Preferred Stock [Member] 

Common shares, no par value [Member] 
Common shares, no par value [Member] 

Warrants, each exercisable for one common share at an exercise price of $4.64 per share [Member] 
Warrants, each exercisable for one common share at an exercise price of $4.64 per share [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 
Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Incorporation, State Country Name 
Entity Incorporation, State Country Name 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Title of 12(g) Security 
Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Document Creation Date 
Document Creation Date 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 
Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 
Amendment Description 

No Trading Symbol Flag 
No Trading Symbol Flag 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name 
Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Region code of country 
Region code of country 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 
Entity Address, Country 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>mdcx-20250210_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>exhibit99-1x001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information Document

Feb. 10, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Creation Date Feb. 10, 2025

Document Period End Date Feb. 10, 2025

Amendment Flag false

Entity Registrant Name Medicus Pharma Ltd.

Entity Address, Address Line One 300 Conshohocken State Road, Suite 200

Entity Address, City or Town Conshohocken

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Country US

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19428

Entity Incorporation, State Country Name A6

City Area Code 610

Local Phone Number 540-7515

Entity File Number 001-42408

Entity Central Index Key 0001997296

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1778211

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

NASDAQ Capital Market [Member] | Common shares, no par value [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common shares, no par value

Trading Symbol MDCX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

NASDAQ Capital Market [Member] | Warrants, each exercisable for one common share at an exercise price of $4.64 per share [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each exercisable for one common share at an exercise price of $4.64 per share

Trading Symbol MDCXW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The date the document was made available and submitted, in YYYY-MM-DD format. The date of submission, date of acceptance by the recipient, and the document effective date are all potentially different.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentCreationDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_EntityListingsExchangeAxis=exch_XNCM

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=mdcx_CommonSharesNoParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=mdcx_WarrantsEachExercisableForOneCommonShareAtAnExercisePriceOfFourPointSixFourPerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
25 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0001000 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document 
Sheet 
http://www.medicuspharma.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformationDocument 
Document and Entity Information Document 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8k.htm 
mdcx-20250210.xsd 
mdcx-20250210_cal.xml 
mdcx-20250210_def.xml 
mdcx-20250210_lab.xml 
mdcx-20250210_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001062993-25-002033-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001997296 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0001997296 

mdcx:CommonSharesNoParValueMember 
exch:XNCM 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0001997296 

mdcx:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneCommonShareAtAnExercisePriceOfFourPointSixFourPerShareMember 
exch:XNCM 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

false 
2025-02-10 
0001997296 
Medicus Pharma Ltd. 
8-K 
2025-02-10 
A6 
001-42408 
98-1778211 
300 Conshohocken State Road, Suite 200 
Conshohocken 
PA 
US 
19428 
610 
540-7515 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common shares, no par value 
MDCX 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each exercisable for one common share at an exercise price of $4.64 per share 
MDCXW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>