<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-001580.txt : 20250110
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-001580.hdr.sgml : 20250110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250110091601
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-001580
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250106
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			fuboTV Inc. /FL
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001484769
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE & VIDEO TAPE PRODUCTION [7812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				264330545
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39590
		FILM NUMBER:		25520761

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1290 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		NEW YORK
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 672-0055

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1290 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		NEW YORK
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	fuboTV Inc. /new
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200813

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FaceBank Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190930

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pulse Evolution Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190228
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-ka.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

true0001484769fuboTV Inc. /FL00014847692025-01-062025-01-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K/A

(Amendment No. 1)

CURRENT
REPORT 

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): January
6, 2025

FUBOTV
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Florida 001-39590 26-4330545

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
Number)

1290
Avenue of the Americas

New York,NY10104

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(212)672-0055

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code) 

N/A

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share FUBO New
York Stock Exchange

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE

On
January 6, 2025, fuboTV Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company or Fubo), filed a Current Report on Form
8-K (the Initial Filing) attaching a press release announcing entry into a Business Combination Agreement (the BCA)
by and among the Company, The Walt Disney Company (Disney) and Hulu, LLC (Hulu) and the settlement of the
action captioned fuboTV Inc. v. The Walt Disney Co., No. 24-cv-1363-MMG (S.D.N.Y. 2024). This Current Report on Form 8-K updates
the Initial Filing to disclose additional information regarding the BCA and the transactions contemplated thereby. All defined terms
used in this Current Report on Form 8-K that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the BCA.

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Business
Combination Agreement

On
January 6, 2025, the Company entered into the BCA, which contemplates, among other things, (i) Hulu contributing certain assets (the
HL Business Assets) related to the business of negotiating and administering carriage agreements and similar contracts
relating to and for the purpose of the retransmission, distribution, carriage, display or broadcast of any programming service, channel
or network on the HL DMVPD Service (as defined below) (the HL Business) to a newly formed entity to be jointly owned by
Hulu and Fubo (Newco), (ii) the Company undergoing an Up-C reorganization and contributing its business to
Newco (other than, under certain circumstances described in the BCA, its equity interests in Molotov SAS (807 393 111 RCS Paris), a subsidiary
of the Company (Molotov)), in exchange for units in Newco (Newco Units) such that, after giving effect to
such contribution, Hulu will hold a number of Newco Units representing, in the aggregate, a 70% economic interest in Newco and Fubo will
hold a number of Newco Units representing, in the aggregate, a 30% economic interest in Newco, and (iii) the Company issuing to Hulu
shares of a newly created vote-only class of the Companys common stock (Class B Common Stock) representing, in the
aggregate, a 70% voting interest in the Company (calculated on a fully-diluted basis). The HL Business Assets will include certain carriage
agreements, rights under joint subscription agreements and related data and information about its subscribers, advertising or sponsorship
agreements exclusively related to Hulus linear multi-channel subscription video programming distribution service component of
the offering known as Hulu + Live TV as of the date of the BCA and operated by Hulu (such service, the HL DMVPD
Service), all other assets (including intellectual property) exclusively related to the HL DMVPD Service and all intellectual
property constituting the Live TV brand.

Pre-Closing
Reorganization

Prior
to the Closing, each of the Company and Hulu will complete a reorganization (individually, the Fubo Reorganization and
the Hulu Reorganization, and collectively, the Pre-Closing Reorganization) pursuant to which, the parties
will, among other things, take the following steps:

Hulu
will (i) form a Delaware limited liability company, as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Hulu (such subsidiary, HL),
(ii) contribute the HL Business Assets to HL, (iii) cause HL to assume only the HL Business Liabilities, (iv) form Newco as a Delaware
limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Hulu, and (v) effect and complete the HL Subscriber Contract Terms
Update;

the
Company will (i) form a Delaware limited liability company, as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (such subsidiary,
Fubo OpCo), and (ii) contribute the Companys business (other than Molotov see Put Option Letter below)
to Fubo OpCo prior to the Closing or to Newco at the Closing, in accordance with and on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the BCA; and

immediately
prior to the Closing, the Company will (i) effect a conversion from a Florida corporation to a Delaware corporation pursuant to a
plan of conversion (the Fubo Conversion), and (ii) authorize and adopt a new certificate of incorporation and adopt
new bylaws, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the BCA.

The
Closing

At
the Closing, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the BCA, the parties will, among other things, take the following
steps (together with the Pre-Closing Reorganization, the Transactions):

Hulu
will contribute the HL Business and the HL Business Assets to Newco, by transferring all of its right, title and interest in, to
and under 100% of the equity interests of HL to Newco (the HL Contribution);

immediately
following the HL Contribution, (i) the Company will contribute 100% of the equity interests of Fubo OpCo and Fubos businesses
(other than Molotov see Put Option Letter below) to Newco in exchange for a number of Newco Units
(the Fubo Contribution) such that, after giving effect to such contribution, (A) Hulu will hold a number of Newco Units
representing, in the aggregate, a 70% economic interest in Newco and (B) the Company will hold a number of Newco Units representing,
in the aggregate, a 30% economic interest in Newco, and (ii) Hulu and the Company, as the members of Newco, will adopt, and Newco
will thereafter be governed by, an amended and restated limited liability company agreement of Newco (the Newco Operating
Agreement), which will provide, among other things, that the Company will be the sole managing member of Newco; and

Fubo
will issue to Hulu a number of shares of Class B Common Stock representing, in the aggregate, 70% of the voting power of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of Fubo (calculated on a fully-diluted basis) after giving effect to such issuance in exchange for a cash
payment by Hulu to Fubo in an amount equal to the par value of such Class B Common Stock (the Fubo Issuance).

After
giving effect to the consummation of the Transactions, Newco will be structured as an umbrella partnership C corporation (an Up-C).
The Newco Operating Agreement will provide Hulu a redemption right pursuant to which Hulu may cause Newco to redeem all or a portion
of its Newco Units, together with an equivalent number of shares of Class B Common Stock, in exchange for an equivalent number of shares
of Class A Common Stock or, at the Companys option, cash, subject to the Companys right to elect to effect, in lieu of
such a redemption, a direct exchange between the Company and Hulu of cash or an equivalent number of shares of Class A Common Stock for
such Newco Units and Class B Common Stock.

Closing
Conditions 

Completion
of the Transactions is subject to certain closing conditions specified in the BCA, including (i) the approval of the BCA, the Fubo Issuance
and the Fubo Conversion (including a plan of conversion and a certificate of incorporation of Fubo) by the Companys shareholders
(the Requisite Shareholder Approval Condition), (ii) the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under
the HSR Act and the clearance or obtainment of applicable consents of any specified governmental entity required to be obtained with
respect to the Transactions under the BCA (the Antitrust/Competition Closing Condition), (iii) no enactment, issuance,
promulgation or grant of any law or order, as applicable, by any governmental entity that is in effect and that has the effect of making
the Transactions illegal or prohibiting or otherwise preventing the consummation of the Transactions (the Injunctions/Legal Restraints
Condition), (iv) completion of the Hulu Reorganization and the Fubo Reorganization, in each case, in accordance with the BCA and
the documents contemplated therein, (v) the acceptance of the Delaware Certificate of Conversion and Certificate of Incorporation of
Fubo by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and the acceptance of the Florida Articles of Conversion by the Florida Department
of State, (vi) the accuracy of the other partys representations and warranties as of the date of the BCA, subject to certain customary
materiality standards set forth in the BCA and the delivery by each party to the other party of a certificate certifying the same, (vii)
compliance by each party, in all material respects, with its applicable pre-Closing obligations under the BCA, and (viii) delivery by
each party to the other party of certain other closing deliverables, including, but not limited to, the Ancillary Agreements to which
it is a party.

Termination

The
BCA contains termination rights, including:

by
mutual written consent of Hulu and the Company;

by
either the Company or Hulu, if (i) the Closing Date has not occurred on or before April 6, 2026 (the Outside Date)
(provided that, if as of such date all of the closing conditions except those relating to regulatory approvals have been waived or
satisfied, the Outside Date will be automatically extended to July 6, 2026, and if as of such date all of the closing conditions
except those relating to regulatory approvals have been waived or satisfied, the Outside Date will be automatically further extended
to October 6, 2026) (the Outside Date Termination Provision), (ii) if any court of competent jurisdiction or other
governmental entity having jurisdiction over the Company, a HL Subsidiary or Hulu has issued any order, or any law is in effect,
permanently restraining, enjoining, preventing or otherwise prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of the Transactions and
such order or law becomes final and non-appealable, provided that the terminating partys breach was not a principal cause
of such permanent restraint, enjoinment, prevention, prohibition or illegality (the Legal Restraint Termination Provision),
(iii) at the Fubo Shareholder Meeting, the Requisite Shareholder Approval is not obtained (the Requisite Shareholder Approval
Termination Provision), (iv) the other party breaches its representations, warranties or covenants in the BCA in a manner
that would result in a failure of an applicable closing condition, subject in certain cases to the right of the breaching party to
cure the breach (the Breach Termination Provision) or (v) the other party commences an Action that contests the validity
or effectiveness of any of the Settlement Documents or the Settlement or is based on the claims (or underlying factual predicates
thereof) that the Settlement Documents contemplate would be dismissed released pursuant thereto; 

by
the Company if the board of directors of the Company (the Company Board), prior to receipt of the Requisite Shareholder
Approval, terminates to enter into a definitive agreement implementing a Superior Proposal, subject to complying with certain requirements
including the payment to Hulu of a $50,000,000 termination fee; and 

by
Hulu, if a Fubo Board Recommendation Change occurs (the Fubo Board Recommendation Change Termination Provision). 

In
the event of a termination of the BCA under certain specified circumstances, the Company or Hulu will be required to pay to the other
a termination fee as follows:

the
Company will be required to pay to Hulu a termination fee in the amount of $50,000,000 in the event: 

(i)
the BCA is terminated by Hulu or Fubo pursuant
to (x) the Outside Date Termination Provision and, at the time of such termination, the Requisite Shareholder Approval Condition
is not satisfied or (y) the Requisite Shareholder Approval Termination Provision; (ii) following the execution of the
BCA and prior to the Fubo Shareholder Meeting, an Alternative Proposal (whether or not conditional and whether or not withdrawn)
shall have been publicly announced or shall have become publicly disclosed; and (iii) within 12 months following such termination,
Fubo enters into a definitive agreement with any third party with respect to an Alternative Proposal or an Alternative Transaction
is consummated;

the
BCA is terminated by Fubo to enter into a definitive agreement implementing a Superior Proposal; or

the
BCA is terminated (i) by Hulu pursuant to the Fubo Board Recommendation Change Termination Provision or (ii) by Hulu
or Fubo pursuant to the Requisite Shareholder Approval Termination Provision if, at the time of such termination, Hulu would also
have the right to terminate the BCA pursuant to the Fubo Board Recommendation Change Termination Provision;

Hulu
will be required to pay to Fubo a termination fee in the amount of $130,000,000 in the event that the BCA is terminated by:

Fubo
pursuant to the Breach Termination Provision upon a breach by Hulu;

Hulu
pursuant to the Outside Date Termination Provision or the Legal Restraint Termination Provision at a time when the BCA is terminable
by Fubo pursuant to the Breach Termination Provision; or

either
Fubo or Hulu pursuant to the Outside Date Termination Provision or the Legal Restraint Termination Provision if, at the time of termination,
all of the mutual closing conditions and all of the Fubo closing conditions have been satisfied (or, if any such conditions are by
their nature to be satisfied at the Closing, would have been capable of being satisfied on the date of such termination) or waived,
other than the Antitrust/Competition Closing Condition or the Injunctions/Legal Restraints Condition (solely to the extent that such
injunction or legal restraint arises under the HSR Act or any other Regulatory Law).

Other
Terms of the BCA 

The
BCA contains (i) customary representation and warranties of the parties, in each case generally subject to customary materiality
and other qualifiers and (ii) customary pre-closing covenants of the parties, including covenants requiring each of Hulu and the
Company to conduct its applicable business in all material respects in the ordinary course, and refrain from taking certain types of
actions, without the other partys consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), subject to certain exceptions.
Disney, Hulu and the Company also agreed to use their respective reasonable best efforts to obtain all antitrust approvals and to consummate
the Transactions as promptly as possible, subject to certain exceptions and limitations.

The
foregoing description of the BCA is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the BCA, a copy of which is attached
as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. The BCA and the foregoing description of such
agreement have been included to provide investors and stockholders with information regarding the terms of such agreement. The assertions
embodied in the representations and warranties contained in the BCA are qualified by information in confidential disclosure letters delivered
by the parties in connection with the signing of the BCA. Moreover, certain representations and warranties in the BCA were made as of
a specified date, may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from what might be viewed as material to stockholders,
or may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties to the BCA. Accordingly, the representations and warranties
in the BCA should not be relied on by any persons as characterizations of the actual state of facts and circumstances of the Company
and Disney at the time they were made and investors should consider the information in the BCA in conjunction with the entirety of the
factual disclosure about the Company and Disney in their respective public reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC). Information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of
the BCA, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Companys or Disneys public disclosures.

Governance
Matters

As
contemplated by the BCA, following the Closing, Hulu, through its ownership of Class B Common Stock, will have voting control of the
Company. Upon completion of the Transactions, Hulu will own and have voting control of 70% of the shares of the outstanding Class B Common
Stock.

Controlled
Company Exemption

Following
the Closing, the Company will be a controlled company for purposes of NYSE listing rules and will elect to be exempt from
certain corporate governance requirements available to controlled companies.

Structure
of the Company Board Following the Consummation of the Transactions 

As
contemplated by the BCA, upon completion of the Transactions, the Company Board will initially be comprised of nine members, who will
be designated as follows: (i) five designated by Hulu, (ii) two designated by the Company Board as of immediately prior to the Closing
and who (x) are reasonably acceptable to Hulu and (y) qualify as independent (the Unaffiliated Independent Designees),
(iii) one designated by Hulu and who qualifies as independent and (iv) the CEO of the Company. Directors will be elected annually by
plurality vote.

The
BCA further provides that (i) Hulu will have the right to designate the initial chair of the Company Board following the Closing, with
the Company Board determining the chair thereafter and (ii) the Company Board in effect immediately prior to the Closing will have the
right to determine the initial lead independent director, with the independent directors determining such lead independent director thereafter.

To
the extent an Unaffiliated Independent Designee resigns prior to the second anniversary of the Closing, the other Unaffiliated
Independent Designees will have the right to fill such vacancy (and such replacement designee must be a person who is reasonably
acceptable to Hulu, subject to certain exceptions). Following the second anniversary of the Closing, any vacancies arising from a
departure of an Unaffiliated Independent Designee or a successor thereto will be determined by the Company Board. Hulu will lose
its right to designate a majority of the members of the Company Board either (i) upon
Hulu and its affiliates ceasing to own at least 50% of the then-outstanding
shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock or (ii) in
connection with the consummation of certain mergers, acquisitions or similar transactions by Hulu or its affiliates. Thereafter,
in the event that Hulu has lost its right to designate a majority of the members of the Company Board, Hulus
designation rights would be subject to further step-downs based on the proportion of then-outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock
and Class B Common Stock that it holds.

Voting
Obligations; Transfer Restrictions

As
contemplated by the BCA, upon completion of the Transactions, until the date when Hulu and its affiliates cease to own at least 50% of
the then-outstanding shares of Class A Common and Class B Common Stock, Hulu will be subject to a voting agreement with the Company pursuant
to which Hulu will agree to vote all of its shares of Class B Common Stock in favor of (i) each director nominated or recommended by
the Company Board to fill any vacancy created by any departure of an Independent Designee for election (whether at an annual or special
meeting) and (ii) the Company Boards recommendation with respect to any other Company proposal presented at an annual or special
meeting.

In
addition, following the Closing, unless approved by the Audit Committee of the Company Board, Hulu and its affiliates will be prohibited
from transferring the shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock that it received in connection with the consummation of
the Transactions for a period of 24 months from the Closing Date, subject to certain exceptions.

Pursuant to the BCA, the parties will
use reasonable best efforts to finalize a new certificate of incorporation of Fubo, new bylaws of Fubo and the Newco Operating Agreement,
each on terms and conditions consistent with the foregoing description and such other terms and conditions as are mutually agreed among
the parties thereto.

Registration
Rights 

As
contemplated by the BCA, at the Closing, the Company and Hulu will enter into a registration rights agreement in respect of the Class
A Common Stock (the Registrable Securities) received by Hulu in exchange for the Class B Common Stock that Hulu will receive
in connection with the Transactions. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, Fubo will be required to file a shelf registration
statement with the SEC for the offer and sale of the Registrable Securities no later than ten business days following the Closing
and will be required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become and remain effective so
long as any Registrable Securities remain outstanding. Furthermore, under the registration rights agreement, Hulu will have certain customary
underwritten offering demand rights and piggyback registration rights.

Pursuant to the BCA, the parties will
use reasonable best efforts to finalize and enter into a registration rights agreement effective as of the Closing on terms and conditions
consistent with the foregoing description and such other terms and conditions as are mutually agreed among the parties thereto.

Commercial
Agreements

As
contemplated by the BCA, at the Closing, the Company, Disney and Hulu will enter into certain commercial agreements, including (i) a
transition services agreement, (ii) a commercial services agreement and (iii) a brand license agreement (collectively, the Commercial
Agreements), pursuant to which, among other things:

HL
will grant to Hulu the right, license and obligation to distribute the HL DMVPD Service via the Hulu platform that is currently
branded as Hulu (and any successor or replacement platform) on a wholesale basis; provided, however,
that HL will not otherwise distribute the HL DMVPD Service, nor any programming outside of the HL DMVPD Service;

HL
will bear the cost of marketing expense, and Hulu will be responsible for all marketing execution for the HL DMVPD Service in consultation with HL;

Hulu
will continue to own and operate the Hulu platforms and will exclusively sell and administer subscriptions to the HL
DMVPD Service, as well as each add-on thereto, and retain subscription revenue, in consideration for which it will pay a wholesale
fee to HL; 

Disney
will sell ads on behalf of HL and/or the Company in exchange for a portion of ad sale revenue; and

Hulu
will license the HL DMVPD Service-specific brands to HL for use in the HL Business.

The
commercial services agreement and the brand license agreement will each have an initial term of five years and will be renewable
for an additional five-year term by mutual agreement. The transition services agreement will have a term of two years, subject to
customary service extensions to the extent reasonably required.

Pursuant to the BCA, the parties will
use reasonable best efforts to finalize and enter into the Commercial Agreements effective as of the Closing on terms and conditions
consistent with the foregoing description and such other terms and conditions as are mutually agreed among the parties thereto.

Tax
Matters

As
contemplated by the BCA, at the Closing, the Company, Newco and Hulu will enter into a tax receivables agreement, which will set forth
the agreement among the parties regarding the sharing of certain tax benefits realized (or, in connection with an acceleration upon the
Companys election to terminate the agreement, deemed realized) by the Company. The Company will be generally obligated to pay
Hulu a percentage of the benefit realized by the Company from the use of certain historic net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs)
of the Company in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 70% and (ii) Hulus ownership percentage of Newco as of the date the NOL
is utilized. The Company will also be generally obligated to pay Hulu 70% of (a) the total tax benefit that the Company realizes as a
result of increases in tax basis in Newcos assets resulting from the exchange of Newco Units for Class A Common Stock (or cash)
pursuant to the Newco Operating Agreement and (b) other tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivables agreement.

The
term of the tax receivables agreement will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired unless the Company elects
to terminate the tax receivables agreement early. Upon such an early termination, the Company will be required to make a payment equal
to the present value of the anticipated future payments to be made by it under the tax receivables agreement, based upon certain assumptions
and deemed events.

Pursuant to the BCA, the parties will
use reasonable best efforts to finalize and enter into the tax receivables agreement effective as of the Closing on terms and conditions
consistent with the foregoing description and such other terms and conditions as are mutually agreed among the parties thereto.

Item
5.02 Departure for Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

On
January 5, 2025, the Company Board approved a retention bonus program with an aggregate value of $20,500,000 (Retention Bonus
Program) to promote retention and incentivize efforts to consummate the Transaction and authorized the Company to enter into individual
retention bonus award agreements with each of its named executive officers and certain other key employees. Each award under the Retention
Bonus Program will be delivered, as to 25% of the value of the award, in cash at Closing and as to the remaining 75% of the value of
the award, in the form of restricted stock units that vest as to 1/3 of the RSUs and as to 2/3 of the RSUs on each of the first and second
anniversaries of the Closing Date, respectively, in each case subject to the individuals continuing service through the applicable
payment or vesting date. In the event of an individuals termination without cause or resignation for good reason, he or she will
remain eligible to receive his or her award, subject to the execution of a general release of claims.

On
January 5, 2025, the Company Board amended the Companys Executive Severance Plan (Severance Plan) to provide that,
in connection with or anticipation of a change in control (as defined in the Severance Plan), the Severance Plan may not
be amended in a manner adverse to the Severance Plan participants without their prior written consent, for a period of 24 months following
the change in control.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

Financing
Agreements

On
January 6, 2025, concurrently with the execution of the BCA, the Company and an affiliate of Disney entered into a commitment letter
(the Commitment Letter) pursuant to which such affiliate committed to provide the Company, on January 5, 2026 and on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, up to $145.0 million of indebtedness in the form of a senior unsecured term facility
(the Facility). The proceeds of the Facility will be used for general corporate purposes of the Company. The funding of
the Facility under the Commitment Letter is contingent on customary conditions, including delivery of a promissory note by the Company
for the Facility, and is not contingent on the occurrence of the transactions contemplated by the BCA.

Put
Option Letter

On
January 6, 2025, concurrently with the execution of the BCA, the Company and Hulu entered into a letter agreement (the Put Option
Letter) regarding the possible indirect acquisition by Newco, alongside the rest of Fubos businesses pursuant to the BCA,
of all of the assets and liabilities of, or, as mutually agreed between Fubo and Hulu (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed), all of the securities issued by Molotov.

Pursuant
to the Put Option Letter, among other things, Hulu irrevocably undertook to, if so requested by Fubo at its sole option after the works
council (comit social et conomique) of Molotov (the Works Council) has been duly consulted on the proposed
transaction in accordance with French law (the Consultation Process), either: (i) if such contribution will occur prior
to the Fubo Contribution, permit Fubo to contribute all of Molotovs assets and liabilities of, or, as mutually agreed between
Fubo and Hulu (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), all of Molotovs equity interests to Fubo
OpCo as part of the Fubo Reorganization and cause Newco to accept, indirectly through NewCos acceptance of the equity interests
of Fubo OpCo, all of the Molotovs assets and liabilities or equity interests, as applicable, as part of the Fubo Contribution
or (ii) if such contribution will occur after the Fubo Contribution, permit Fubo to cause Molotov to transfer all of its assets and liabilities
to NewCo, and cause Newco to accept all of Molotovs assets and liabilities as part of the Fubo Contribution, in each case pursuant
to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the BCA (the Put Option).

If
the Put Option has not been exercised by Fubo, the Put Option Letter will terminate on the earlier of (i) the date falling ten
business days after the end of the Consultation Process, (ii) the date falling five
months after the date of the Put Option Letter and (iii) the termination of the BCA in accordance with its terms.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

2.1* Business
Combination Agreement dated as of January 6, 2025, by and among fuboTV Inc., The Walt Disney Company and Hulu, LLC

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

*
Certain schedules and other attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company undertakes to furnish
supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the SEC.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These
forward-looking statements generally include statements regarding the Transactions and the other transactions described herein, including
the expected timetable for completing the Transactions, the parties ability to complete the Transactions, impacts and benefits
of the Transactions, the expected leadership team of the Company following the Closing, the board of directors of the Company following
Closing, the use of proceeds resulting from the Facility, and other statements regarding the Companys future expectations, beliefs,
plans, objectives, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, or future events or performance. All statements other than
statements of historical facts contained in this communication may be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terms such as may, will, outlook, should, expects,
plans, anticipates, could, intends, targets, projects,
contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue
or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this communication are only predictions.
Fubos management has based these forward-looking statements largely on their current expectations and projections about future
events and financial trends that management believes may affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. These statements
are neither promises nor guarantees and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause actual
results, performance or achievements to be materially different from what is expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements,
including, but not limited to: the Transactions will not be consummated; there may be difficulties with the integration and in realizing
the expected benefits of the Transactions; Fubo and Disney may need to use resources that are needed in other parts of its business to
do so; there may be liabilities that are not known, probable or estimable at this time; the Transactions may result in the diversion
of managements time and attention to issues relating to the Transactions and integration; expected synergies and operating efficiencies
attributable to the Transactions may not be achieved within its expected time-frames or at all; there may be significant transaction
costs and integration costs in connection with the Transactions; unfavorable outcome of legal proceedings that may be instituted against
Fubo and Disney following the announcement of the Transactions; and risks inherent to the business may result in additional strategic
and operational risks, which may impact Fubos risk profile and it may not be able to mitigate effectively. In addition, a number
of important factors could cause Fubos actual future results and other future circumstances to differ materially from those expressed
in any forward-looking statements, including but not limited to those important factors discussed in Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors
in Fubos Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as any such factors may be updated from time
to time in its other filings with the SEC, accessible on the SECs website at www.sec.gov and on Fubos investor relations
site at https://ir.fubo.tv. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except as may be required
under applicable law, neither the Company nor Disney undertakes any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Additional
Information and Where to Find it

This
Current Report on Form 8-K and the information contained herein shall not constitute an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an
offer to buy or sell any securities or a solicitation of any proxy, vote or approval, nor shall there be any issuance or sale of securities
in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any such jurisdiction. The Transactions will be submitted to the shareholders of Fubo for their consideration and approval at
a special meeting. In connection with the Transactions, Fubo intends to file a preliminary proxy statement with the SEC. Once the SEC
completes its review of the preliminary proxy statement, a definitive proxy statement and a form of proxy will be filed with the SEC
and mailed or otherwise furnished to the shareholders of Fubo. Before making any voting decision, Fubo shareholders are urged to read
the proxy statement in its entirety, when it becomes available, and any other documents to be filed with the SEC in connection with the
Transactions or incorporated by reference in the proxy statement (including any amendments or supplements to these documents), if any,
because they will contain important information about the Transactions and the parties to the Transactions. This communication is
not a substitute for the proxy statement or any other document that may be filed by Fubo with the SEC or sent to its shareholders in
connection with the Transactions.

Fubo
investors and shareholders may obtain a free copy of the proxy statement and documents filed by Fubo with the SEC at the SECs
website at www.sec.gov. In addition, Fubo investors and shareholders may obtain a free copy of Fubos filings with the SEC from
Fubos website at ir.fubo.tv or by directing a request by mail to Fubo, 1290 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10104, or telephone
to (212) 672-0055.

Participants
in the Solicitation

The
Company and its directors and executive officers and other members of management and employees may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed
to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders of the Company in respect of the Transactions. Information regarding
Fubos directors and executive officers is contained in the definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for Fubos 2024 annual
meeting of shareholders (the 2024 Proxy Statement), filed with the SEC on April 26, 2024. Additional information regarding
the persons who are, under the rules of the SEC, participants in the solicitation of the shareholders of Fubo in connection with the
Transactions, including a description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be set forth in
the proxy statement for Fubos special meeting of shareholders in connection with the Transactions when it is filed with the SEC,
free copies of which may be obtained as described in the preceding paragraph. To the extent holdings of Fubos securities by Fubos
directors and executive officers change from the amounts set forth in the 2024 Proxy Statement, such changes have been or will be reflected
on Statements of Changes of Beneficial Ownership of Securities on Form 4 filed with the SEC. Fubo investors and shareholders may obtain
free copies of these filings from the SECs website at www.sec.gov or from Fubos website at ir.fubo.tv.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

FUBOTV
INC. 

Date:
January 10, 2025 By: /s/
David Gandler

David
Gandler

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex2-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
2.1

EXECUTION
VERSION

BUSINESS
COMBINATION AGREEMENT

dated
as of

January
6, 2025

among

THE
WALT DISNEY COMPANY,

HULU,
LLC

and

FUBOTV
INC.

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE
1

DEFINITIONS 2

SECTION
1.01. Definitions 2

ARTICLE
2

THE
CONTRIBUTION AND ISSUANCE OF UNITS 17

SECTION
2.01. Transactions
to be Effected at the Closing 17

SECTION
2.02. HL
Business Assets 18

SECTION
2.03. HL
Business Liabilities; Parent Retained Liabilities 18

SECTION
2.04. Fubo
Equity-Based Awards 20

SECTION
2.05. Withholding
Taxes 20

SECTION
2.06. Governance
Matters 20

ARTICLE
3

CLOSING 21

SECTION
3.01. Closing 21

SECTION
3.02. Hulu
Closing Deliverables 21

SECTION
3.03. Fubo
Closing Deliverables 21

ARTICLE
4

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF FUBO 22

SECTION
4.01. Organization,
Good Standing and Qualification 22

SECTION
4.02. Capitalization,
Indebtedness 22

SECTION
4.03. Authorization;
No Conflict 24

SECTION
4.04. Subsidiaries 25

SECTION
4.05. SEC
Documents; Financial Statements and Internal Controls 25

SECTION
4.06. Absence
of Changes 27

SECTION
4.07. Litigation 27

SECTION
4.08. Information
Supplied 28

SECTION
4.09. No
Undisclosed Liabilities 28

SECTION
4.10. Brokers
Fees 28

SECTION
4.11. Employee
Plans 28

SECTION
4.12. Fubo
Board Recommendation; Company Action; Requisite Vote of Fubos Shareholders; Opinions of Fubos Financial Advisors 30

SECTION
4.13. Taxes 31

SECTION
4.14. Environmental
Matters 33

SECTION
4.15. Compliance
with Laws 33

SECTION
4.16. Labor
Matters 33

SECTION
4.17. Title
to Properties 33

SECTION
4.18. Intellectual
Property 34

SECTION
4.19. IT
Assets and Data Privacy 36

SECTION
4.20. Insurance 36

SECTION
4.21. Material
Contracts 37

SECTION
4.22. Certain
Business Practices 39

SECTION
4.23. Fubo
Subscribers 39

SECTION
4.24. No
Other Representations or Warranties 39

ARTICLE
5

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF HULU AND PARENT 40

SECTION
5.01. Organization,
Good Standing and Qualification 40

SECTION
5.02. Authorization;
No Conflict 40

SECTION
5.03. Subsidiaries 42

SECTION
5.04. Financial
Statements 42

SECTION
5.05. Absence
of Changes 42

SECTION
5.06. Litigation 43

SECTION
5.07. Information
Supplied 43

SECTION
5.08. No
Undisclosed Liabilities 43

SECTION
5.09. Brokers
Fees 43

SECTION
5.10. Employee
Plans 44

SECTION
5.11. Taxes 44

SECTION
5.12. Environmental
Matters 45

SECTION
5.13. Compliance
with Laws 45

SECTION
5.14. Labor
Matters 46

SECTION
5.15. Title
to Properties; Sufficiency of Assets 46

SECTION
5.16. Intellectual
Property 47

SECTION
5.17. IT
Assets and Data Privacy 48

SECTION
5.18. Material
Contracts 49

SECTION
5.19. Certain
Business Practices 51

SECTION
5.20. HL
DMVPD Subscribers 51

SECTION
5.21. No
Other Representations or Warranties 51

ARTICLE
6

CONDUCT
OF THE BUSINESS 52

SECTION
6.01. Conduct
of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries Pending the Transactions 52

SECTION
6.02. Conduct
of Business by Hulu Pending the Transactions 56

ARTICLE
7

ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS 59

SECTION
7.01. Preparation
of Proxy Statement; Fubo Shareholder Meeting 59

SECTION
7.02. Employee
Benefit Matters 61

SECTION
7.03. Tax
Matters 63

SECTION
7.04. Financial
Statements 64

SECTION
7.05. Access;
Confidentiality 65

SECTION
7.06. No
Solicitation; Other Offers 66

SECTION
7.07. Reasonable
Best Efforts; Filings, etc. 69

SECTION
7.08. Transaction
Litigation 71

SECTION
7.09. Public
Statements 72

SECTION
7.10. Efforts 72

SECTION
7.11. Reorganizations
and Related Matters 72

SECTION
7.12. Wrong
Pockets 75

SECTION
7.13. Fubo
Board of Directors; HL Subsidiaries 75

SECTION
7.14. Certain
Agreements 76

SECTION
7.15. Anti-Takeover
Statutes 77

SECTION
7.16. Records 77

SECTION
7.17. Directors
and Officers Exculpation, Indemnification and Insurance 78

SECTION
7.18. Affiliate
Restrictions 80

SECTION
7.19. Additional
Obligations 81

ARTICLE
8

CONDITIONS 81

SECTION
8.01. Conditions
to the Obligations of Each Party to Effect the Transactions 81

SECTION
8.02. Conditions
to the Obligations of Hulu to Effect the Transactions 82

SECTION
8.03. Conditions
to the Obligations of Fubo to Effect the Transactions 82

ARTICLE
9

TERMINATION 83

SECTION
9.01. Termination
by Mutual Consent 83

SECTION
9.02. Termination
by Fubo or Hulu 83

SECTION
9.03. Termination
by Fubo 84

SECTION
9.04. Termination
by Hulu 85

SECTION
9.05. Effect
of Termination 85

ARTICLE
10

INDEMNIFICATION 88

SECTION
10.01. Indemnification
by Hulu 88

SECTION
10.02. Indemnification
by Fubo 88

SECTION
10.03. Indemnification
Claims 88

SECTION
10.04. Limitation
of Liability 90

SECTION
10.05. Tax
Treatment of Indemnification 90

ARTICLE
11

GENERAL
PROVISIONS 90

SECTION
11.01. Notices 90

SECTION
11.02. Representations
and Warranties 91

SECTION
11.03. Interpretations 92

SECTION
11.04. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Specific Performance 93

SECTION
11.05. Counterparts;
Electronic Transmission of Signatures 94

SECTION
11.06. Assignment;
No Third Party Beneficiaries 94

SECTION
11.07. Expenses 94

SECTION
11.08. Severability 94

SECTION
11.09. Entire
Agreement 94

SECTION
11.10. Amendment 94

SECTION
11.11. Waiver 95

SECTION
11.12. Disclosure
Letters 95

ANNEXES

7.11(a) Fubo
Reorganization

7.14(a)(i) Terms
of the Tax Receivables Agreement and terms of the tax provisions of the Newco Operating Agreement

7.14(a)(ii) Terms
of the Registration Rights Agreement

7.14(a)(iii) Terms
of the HL Commercial Services Agreement, the HL Transition Services Agreement and the Hulu Brand License Agreement

7.14(a)(iv) Terms
of the corporate governance provisions of the Newco Operating Agreement and the Stockholders Agreement and terms of the Organizational
Documents of Fubo

BUSINESS
COMBINATION AGREEMENT

BUSINESS
COMBINATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 6, 2025 among The Walt Disney Company, a Delaware corporation
(Parent), Hulu, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Hulu), and fuboTV Inc., a Florida
corporation (Fubo).

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, Parent, Hulu and Fubo desire to combine the HL Business and the HL Business
Assets with the business of Fubo in a transaction involving the following steps (collectively, the Transactions):

(i)
prior to the Closing, Hulu will undertake the Hulu Reorganization and, as part of the Hulu Reorganization, Hulu will (A) form a Delaware
limited liability company, as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Hulu (such subsidiary, HL), by filing a Certificate
of Formation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the DSOS) in accordance with the Delaware Limited
Liability Company Act (the DLLCA), (B) contribute the HL Business and the HL Business Assets to HL, (C) form a Delaware
limited liability company, as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Hulu (such subsidiary, Newco), by filing a Certificate
of Formation with the DSOS in accordance with the DLLCA and (D) effect and complete the HL Subscriber Contract Terms Update;

(ii)
prior to the Closing, Fubo will undertake the Fubo Reorganization and, as part of the Fubo Reorganization, Fubo will (A) form a Delaware
limited liability company, as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Fubo (such subsidiary, Fubo OpCo), by filing a
Certificate of Formation with the DSOS in accordance with the DLLCA, and (B) contribute the entirety of Fubos business (except
as set forth in Section 7.11(b) (solely with respect to Molotov)) to Fubo OpCo prior to the Closing or to Newco at the Closing
in accordance with Section 7.11(a);

(iii)
immediately prior to the Closing, Fubo will (A) effect the conversion of Fubo from a Florida corporation to a Delaware corporation (the
Fubo Conversion), on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Plan of Conversion, in
accordance with the Florida Business Corporation Act (the FBCA) and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL),
(B) file Articles of Conversion with the Florida Department of State, Division of Corporations (the FDOS) in accordance
with the FBCA and a Certificate of Conversion with the DSOS in accordance with the DGCL, (C) authorize and adopt a certificate of incorporation
in the form of the Certificate of Incorporation of Fubo, by filing the Certificate of Incorporation of Fubo with the DSOS in accordance
with the DGCL, and (D) adopt new bylaws in the form of the Bylaws of Fubo in accordance with the DGCL;

(iv)
at the Closing, Hulu will contribute the HL Business and the HL Business Assets to Newco, by transferring all of its right, title and
interest in, to and under 100% of the equity interests of HL to Newco (the HL Contribution); and

(v)
at the Closing, immediately following the HL Contribution, (A) Fubo will make a contribution to Newco that includes all of its right,
title and interest in, to and under 100% of the equity interests of Fubo OpCo and Fubos businesses in exchange for a number of
Newco Units (the Fubo Contribution) such that, after giving effect to the Fubo Contribution, (1) Hulu will hold
a number of Newco Units representing, in the aggregate, a 70% economic interest in Newco and (2) Fubo will hold a number of Newco Units
representing, in the aggregate, a 30% economic interest in Newco (the Fubo-Owned Newco Units), (B) Hulu and Fubo,
as the members of Newco, will adopt, and Newco will thereafter be governed by, the Newco Operating Agreement, which will provide, among
other things, that Fubo will be the sole managing member of Newco, and (C) Fubo will issue to Hulu for cash a number of shares of Class
B Common Stock representing, in the aggregate, a 70% voting interest in Fubo, which Class B Common Stock will be cancelled for no consideration
in connection with an exchange of an equal amount of Newco Units for Class A Common Stock (or cash) in accordance with the Newco Operating
Agreement;

WHEREAS,
the board of directors of Fubo has unanimously (a) determined that it is in the best interests of Fubo and its shareholders, and declared
it advisable, to enter into this Agreement, (b) approved and adopted the execution, delivery and performance by Fubo of this Agreement
and the consummation of the Transactions and (c) resolved to recommend approval of this Agreement (including the Fubo Contribution),
the Fubo Issuance and the Fubo Conversion (including the Plan of Conversion and the Certificate of Incorporation of Fubo), in each case,
by the shareholders of Fubo entitled to vote thereon; and

WHEREAS,
the board of directors of Hulu has unanimously (a) determined that it is in the best interests of Hulu and its members, and declared
it advisable, to enter into this Agreement and (b) approved the execution, delivery and performance by Hulu of this Agreement and the
consummation of the Transactions.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement,
and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Parent, Hulu and Fubo hereby agree
as follows:

ARTICLE
1

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01. Definitions.
(a) As used herein, including the recitals hereto, the following terms have the following meanings:

Acceptable
Confidentiality Agreement means any confidentiality agreement containing provisions limiting the disclosure and use of non-public
information of or with respect to Fubo that (a) contains confidentiality and use provisions that are not, in the aggregate, materially
less favorable to Fubo than the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and (b) does not contain any exclusivity provision or other term
that would restrict, in any manner, Fubos ability to comply with the terms of this Agreement, except that such confidentiality
agreement need not include explicit or implicit standstill provisions that would restrict the making of or amendment or modification
to Alternative Proposals.

2

Affiliate
means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with,
such first Person. For purposes of this definition, control (including, with its correlative meanings, controlled
by and under common control with) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause
the direction of management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of securities or partnership or other ownership interests,
by contract or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of this Agreement, at all times after the Closing, Fubo, Newco
and their respective Subsidiaries, on the one hand, shall be deemed to not be Affiliates of Parent and its other Subsidiaries (including
Hulu), on the other hand, and vice versa.

Alternative
Proposal means any indication of interest, offer or proposal (other than an offer or proposal by Hulu) to engage in an Alternative
Transaction.

Alternative
Transaction means any transaction or series of related transactions (other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement)
resulting in: (a) any acquisition by any Person or group (as defined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations thereunder) of more than twenty percent (20%) of the aggregate outstanding voting securities or voting power of Fubo
or any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would result in any Person or group (as defined under Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder) beneficially owning more than twenty percent (20%) of the aggregate
outstanding voting securities or voting power of Fubo; (b) any merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, reorganization
or other similar transaction involving Fubo pursuant to which any Person or group (as defined under Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act) would hold shares of Fubo Common Stock representing more than twenty percent (20%) of the aggregate outstanding voting
securities or voting power of the surviving entity after giving effect to the consummation of such transaction or as a result of which
the shareholders of Fubo (as a group) immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction would hold shares of Fubo Common Stock
representing less than eighty percent (80%) of the voting securities or voting power of the surviving entity after giving effect to the
consummation of such transaction; (c) any sale or disposition of tangible or intangible assets or businesses that constitute or represent
more than twenty percent (20%) of the consolidated assets or revenues of Fubo and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (measured by the
fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by Fubos Board of Directors or any authorized committee thereof); or (d)
any liquidation or dissolution of Fubo; provided, however, that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be
deemed to not be an Alternative Transaction in any case.

Ancillary
Agreements means, collectively, the following agreements:

(i)
the Newco Operating Agreement;

(ii)
the Stockholders Agreement;

(iii)
the Tax Receivables Agreement;

(iv)
the Registration Rights Agreement;

(v)
the HL Transition Services Agreement;

(vi)
the HL Commercial Services Agreement;

(vii)
the Hulu Brand License Agreement;

(viii)
the Reorganization Documents; and

(ix)
the French Put Option.

3

Business
Day means a day, other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or
required by applicable Law to close.

Bylaws
of Fubo means the Bylaws of Fubo, a Delaware corporation, as contemplated by Section 7.14(b).

Carriage
Agreement means any Contract relating to retransmission, affiliation, exhibition, distribution, subdistribution, carriage,
display or broadcast of any programming service (including any network, streaming service or feed), whether on a linear, on-demand, interactive,
streaming or other basis.

Certificate
of Incorporation of Fubo means the Certificate of Incorporation of Fubo, a Delaware corporation, as contemplated by Section
7.14(b).

Class
A Common Stock has the meaning ascribed thereto in Annex 7.14(a)(i) and, for the avoidance of doubt, means the class
of common stock of Fubo that will remain publicly traded following the Closing.

Class
B Common Stock has the meaning ascribed thereto in Annex 7.14(a)(i) and, for the avoidance of doubt, means a class
of common stock of Fubo consisting of non-economic, voting shares following the Closing.

Clean
Team Agreement means that certain Clean Team Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2024, by and between Fubo
and Parent.

Closing
Date means the date of the Closing.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Contract
means any legally binding agreement, contract, loan or credit agreement, indenture, debenture, note, bond, mortgage, deed of trust, lease,
sublease, license or other agreement.

Controlled
Group Liability means any and all liabilities (i) under Title IV of ERISA, (ii) under Section 302, 303 or 4068(a) of ERISA,
(iii) under Section 412, 430 or 4971 of the Code or (iv) for violation of the continuation coverage requirements of Sections 601 et seq.
of ERISA and Section 4980B of the Code or the group health requirements of Sections 701 et seq. of ERISA and Sections 9801 et seq. of
the Code, in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv), with respect to any Hulu ERISA Affiliate.

4

Copyleft
License means any license for Open Source Software or software license that requires, as a condition of the use, modification
or distribution of the software subject to such license, that other software linked, called by or distributed with the software subject
to the license be (a) disclosed, distributed, made available, offered, licensed or delivered in source code form, (b) licensed for the
purpose of making derivative works, (c) licensed under terms that allow reverse engineering, reverse assembly, or disassembly of any
kind or (d) redistributable at no charge.

Delaware
Certificate of Conversion means the certificate of conversion to be filed by Fubo with the DSOS pursuant to the Plan of Conversion.

Delay
Payment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.01(a)(i) of the Hulu Disclosure Letter.

ERISA
Affiliate of any entity means any other entity that, together with such entity, would be treated as a single employer under
Section 414 of the Code.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Existing
Notes means Fubos 3.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 and Convertible Senior Secured Notes due 2029.

Florida
Articles of Conversion means the articles of conversion to be filed by Fubo with the FDOS pursuant to the Plan of Conversion.

French
Put Option means that certain Put Option Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between Fubo and Hulu.

Fubo
10-K means Fubos annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.

Fubo
Ad Sales Employee means each employee of Fubo who is set forth on Section 1.01(a)(i) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter
and any individual that is hired to replace any such employee prior to the Closing Date in accordance with Section 6.01, including,
in each case, each such employee who as of the Closing Date is on a leave of absence or vacation; provided, however, that Fubo may elect
to remove employees from Section 1.01(a)(i) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter in its discretion, prior to the Closing, upon written
notice to Hulu, and Section 1.01(a)(i) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter shall be deemed automatically updated to reflect any such
removal or any termination of the employment of any employee identified on Section 1.01(a)(i) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter from
time to time for any reason.

Fubo
Balance Sheet means the audited consolidated balance sheet of Fubo as of December 31, 2023, and the footnotes thereto set
forth in the Fubo 10-K.

Fubo
Business Intellectual Property means Intellectual Property that is (i) used or held for use in Fubos business or (ii)
owned, co-owned, used, or controlled by or licensed to Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries.

5

Fubo
Equity-Based Awards means, collectively, each Fubo Option, each Fubo Restricted Stock Unit and each Fubo Performance Stock
Unit.

Fubo
Material Adverse Effect means, with respect to Fubo, any fact, circumstance, occurrence, event, development, change or condition
(each, an Effect, and collectively Effects), either individually or together with one or more
other contemporaneously existing Effects, that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on the business,
results of operations, assets or financial condition of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, however,
that any such Effect shall not be considered in determining whether a Fubo Material Adverse Effect has occurred or would reasonably be
expected to occur to the extent it results from (a) any change or prospective change after the date hereof in Law or GAAP or interpretations
thereof, (b) economic, credit, financial, market, debt, securities, derivatives, commodity or capital market conditions, whether globally,
in the United States or in any other country or region in the world, including inflation, supply chain disruptions, interest rates, foreign
exchange or exchange rates, fluctuations in the value of any currency and any suspension of trading in securities (whether equity, debt,
derivative or hybrid securities) generally on any security exchange, (c) domestic, foreign or global political, regulatory, social or
other conditions (including any actual or potential sequester, stoppage, shutdown, default, sanction or similar event or occurrence by
or involving any Governmental Entity affecting a national or federal government as a whole), any acts of terrorism, sabotage or war (whether
or not declared), civil unrest, civil disobedience, riots, protests, public demonstrations, strikes, insurrection, national or international
calamity or sabotage or any escalation or worsening of any of the foregoing, (d) any change in Fubos stock price, trading volume,
credit rating or ratings outlook, (e) the announcement or pendency of this Agreement, the Settlement, the Settlement Documents, the consummation
of the Transactions pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (other than compliance with the obligation to act in the ordinary course
of business pursuant to Section 6.01), or the consummation of any Settlement Transactions (including the identity of Hulu, Parent
or any of their respective Affiliates) (in each case, other than for the purposes of any representation or warranty contained in Sections
4.03(a) and 4.03(b)), including the impact thereof on Fubos and its Subsidiaries relationships with customers,
suppliers, distributors, partners, lenders, financing sources or others having business relationships with Fubo or its Subsidiaries,
(f) acts of God, volcanoes, tsunamis, earthquakes, floods, storms, hurricanes, tornados or other natural disasters, or any epidemic,
pandemic, outbreak of illness or other public health event or other natural or man-made disaster or weather-related event, or any other
force majeure event, or any escalation or worsening thereof and any action taken by any Governmental Entity in response to the foregoing,
(g) the failure, in and of itself, of Fubo to meet any internal, external or analysts expectations, projections, plans, performance
measures, estimates or budgets, (h) any Effect generally affecting the industries, jurisdictions or geographic areas in which Fubo and
its Subsidiaries operate, (i) any action taken or omitted by Fubo or any of its Subsidiaries in accordance with the written request or
direction of Parent or Hulu, or the taking or omission by Fubo or any of its Subsidiaries of any action or omission in accordance with
this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement that Fubo is specifically required to take or omit from taking (in each case, other than any
actions or omissions required to be taken (or not taken) under Section 6.01), (j) any Effect caused by any action taken by Parent,
Hulu, HL or any of their Affiliates in connection with the item set forth on Section 1.01(a)(ii) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter,
including any action taken by Fubo prior to the date hereof in response to such actions of Parent, Hulu, HL or any of their Affiliates,
and (k) any Action brought by or on behalf of any current or former shareholders of Fubo (on their own behalf or on behalf of Fubo) or
by Parent or any of its Affiliates arising out of the Transactions or the Settlement; provided, however, that (i) the exceptions
in clauses (d) or (g) shall not prevent or otherwise affect a determination that the underlying cause of any such change or failure referred
to therein (if such change or failure does not otherwise fall within any of the exceptions provided by this definition) is, or would
reasonably be expected to be, a Fubo Material Adverse Effect and (ii) any Effect referred to in clauses (a), (b), (c), (f) or (h) shall
be taken into account for purposes of determining whether a Fubo Material Adverse Effect has occurred or would reasonably be expected
to occur to the extent, but only to the extent, such Effect adversely affects Fubo in a disproportionate manner as compared to other
participants in the industries in which Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries operate, in which case only the incremental disproportionate adverse
effect may be taken into account in determining whether there has occurred, or would reasonably be expected to occur, a Fubo Material
Adverse Effect.

6

Fubo
Option means an option to purchase Fubo Common Stock outstanding under the Fubo Stock Plans or otherwise.

Fubo
PEO Plan means each Fubo Benefit Plan maintained or sponsored by a professional employer organization that is engaged by Fubo
or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries for the benefit of any current or former employee of Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries.

Fubo
Performance Stock Unit means an award of performance-based restricted stock units with respect to Fubo Common Stock outstanding
under the Fubo Stock Plans or otherwise.

Fubo
Related Parties means, collectively, Fubo, its Affiliates, each of the direct and indirect shareholders, partners, managers
or other equity security holders of Fubo or any of its Affiliates and any Representative of any of the foregoing.

Fubo
Restricted Stock Unit means an award of restricted stock units with respect to Fubo Common Stock outstanding under the Fubo
Stock Plans or otherwise.

Fubo
SEC Documents means all forms, reports, schedules, registration statements, definitive proxy statements and other documents,
including all exhibits thereto, required to be filed by Fubo with the SEC.

Fubo
Stock Plans means the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, the 2022 Employment Inducement Equity Plan,
the 2023 Employment Inducement Equity Incentive Plan and the 2024 Employment Inducement Equity Incentive Plan, each as amended to date.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.

Governmental
Entity means any United States federal, state or local, or foreign, international or supranational, government, court or tribunal,
or administrative, executive, governmental or regulatory or self-regulatory body, agency or authority thereof.

7

HL
Asset Taxes means ad valorem, property, excise, severance, sales, use and similar Taxes based upon the acquisition, operation
or ownership of the HL Business Assets, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, income Taxes and Transfer Taxes.

HL
Business means the business of negotiating and administering Carriage Agreements and similar Contracts relating to and for
the purpose of the retransmission, distribution, carriage, display or broadcast of any programming service, channel or network on the
HL DMVPD Service.

HL
Business Intellectual Property means Intellectual Property that is (i) exclusively related to the HL Business (including any
Live TV IP) or (ii) owned, co-owned, used or controlled by or licensed to HL immediately following the Hulu Reorganization.

HL
DMVPD Service means the linear multi-channel subscription video programming distribution service component of the offering
known as Hulu + Live TV as of the date of this Agreement and operated by Hulu.

HL
Material Adverse Effect means, with respect to the HL Business and the HL Business Assets, any Effect, either individually
or together with one or more other contemporaneously existing Effects, that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a material
adverse effect on the business, results of operations, assets or financial condition of the HL Business and the HL Business Assets, taken
as a whole; provided, however, that any such Effect shall not be considered in determining whether a HL Material Adverse
Effect has occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur to the extent it results from (a) any change or prospective change after
the date hereof in Law or GAAP or interpretations thereof, (b) economic, credit, financial, market, debt, securities, derivatives, commodity
or capital market conditions, whether globally, in the United States or in any other country or region in the world, including inflation,
supply chain disruptions, interest rates, foreign exchange or exchange rates, fluctuations in the value of any currency and any suspension
of trading in securities (whether equity, debt, derivative or hybrid securities) generally on any security exchange, (c) domestic, foreign
or global political, regulatory, social or other conditions (including any actual or potential sequester, stoppage, shutdown, default,
sanction or similar event or occurrence by or involving any Governmental Entity affecting a national or federal government as a whole),
any acts of terrorism, sabotage or war (whether or not declared), civil unrest, civil disobedience, riots, protests, public demonstrations,
strikes, insurrection, national or international calamity or sabotage or any escalation or worsening of any of the foregoing, (d) the
announcement or pendency of this Agreement, the Settlement, the Settlement Documents, the consummation of the Transactions pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement (other than compliance with the obligation to act in the ordinary course of business pursuant to Section
6.02), or the consummation of any Settlement Transactions (including the identity of Fubo or any of its Affiliates) (in each case,
other than for the purposes of any representation or warranty contained in Sections 5.02(a) and 5.02(b)), including the
impact thereof on Hulus and its Affiliates relationships with customers, suppliers, distributors, partners, lenders, financing
sources or others having business relationships with Hulu or its Affiliates, (e) acts of God, volcanoes, tsunamis, earthquakes, floods,
storms, hurricanes, tornados or other natural disasters, or any epidemic, pandemic, outbreak of illness or other public health event
or other natural or man-made disaster or weather-related event, or any other force majeure event, or any escalation or worsening thereof
and any action taken by any Governmental Entity in response to the foregoing, (f) the failure, in and of itself, of the HL Business or
the HL Business Assets to meet any internal, external or analysts expectations, projections, plans, performance measures, estimates
or budgets, (g) any Effect generally affecting the industries, jurisdictions or geographic areas in which Hulu and its Affiliates operate,
(h) any action taken or omitted by Hulu or any of its Affiliates in accordance with the written request or direction of Fubo, or the
taking or omission by Hulu or any of its Affiliates of any action or omission in accordance with this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement
that Hulu is specifically required to take or omit from taking (in each case, other than any actions or omissions required to be taken
(or not taken) under Section 6.02) and (i) any Action brought by or on behalf of any current or former stockholders of Parent
(on their own behalf or on behalf of Parent) or by Fubo or any of its Subsidiaries arising out of the Transactions or the Settlement;
provided, however, that (i) the exception in clause (f) shall not prevent or otherwise affect a determination that the
underlying cause of any such change or failure referred to therein (if such change or failure does not otherwise fall within any of the
exceptions provided by this definition) is, or would reasonably be expected to be, a HL Material Adverse Effect and (ii) any Effect referred
to in clauses (a), (b), (c), (e) or (g) shall be taken into account for purposes of determining whether a HL Material Adverse Effect
has occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur to the extent, but only to the extent, such Effect adversely affects the HL Business
or the HL Business Assets, in a disproportionate manner as compared to other participants in the industries in which the HL Business
or the HL Business Assets operate, in which case only the incremental disproportionate adverse effect may be taken into account in determining
whether there has occurred, or would reasonably be expected to occur, a HL Material Adverse Effect.

8

HL
Subscriber Contract means any Contract with subscribers or other customers to the HL DMVPD Service.

HSR
Act means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

Hulu
ERISA Affiliate means any Person (other than Hulu) that, together with Hulu, is treated as a single employer under Section
414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code, excluding any HL Subsidiary.

Hulu
Related Parties means, collectively, Hulu, its Affiliates, each of the direct and indirect shareholders, partners, managers
or other equity security holders of Hulu or any of its Affiliates and any Representative of any of the foregoing.

Intellectual
Property means intellectual property and intellectual property rights existing under the laws in any jurisdiction, including
all (a) patents and applications therefor, including reissuances, revisions, extensions, reexaminations, provisionals, divisions, continuations,
continuations in part and renewals, (b) trademarks, service marks, logos, trade dress, trade names and other indicia of origin, whether
registered or unregistered, and all applications or registrations for the foregoing, all renewals and extensions thereof and all common
law rights and goodwill associated therewith and symbolized thereby (collectively, Marks), (c) URLs, Internet domain
names and social media accounts, (d) works of authorship, copyrights (whether registered or unregistered) and registrations and applications
therefor, and all renewals, extensions, restorations and reversions thereof (collectively, Copyrights), (e) trade
secrets and other confidential or proprietary information, know-how, inventions, discoveries, improvements, methods, techniques, systems,
processes, procedures, programs, codes, designs, compilations, formulas, schematics and drawings (collectively, Trade Secrets)
and (f) all other intellectual property or proprietary rights.

9

Intended
Tax Treatment means (i) the Fubo Conversion shall qualify as a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the
Code, (ii) each HL Subsidiary will be at all times from its formation until the Closing classified as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, (iii) as of the Closing, no HL Subsidiary will be the successor of any other entity under Section 381 of the Code
(or any similar provision of applicable Tax Law), (iv) actions described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of the Hulu Reorganization be disregarded
for U.S. federal income tax purposes and (v) the Fubo Contribution and HL Contribution shall be treated as a contribution of the assets
of Fubo OpCo and HL, respectively, in exchange for partnership interests in Newco governed by Section 721 of the Code and the assumption
by Newco of certain qualified liabilities (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.707-5(a)(6)) of Fubo OpCo
and HL, respectively and to the extent applicable, as a reimbursement of certain preformation capital expenditures pursuant to Treasury
Regulations Section 1.707-(d).

Intervening
Event means a fact, circumstance, occurrence, event, development, change or condition that (a) was not known to the Fubo Board
as of the date hereof or, if known, the material consequences of which were not reasonably foreseeable by the Fubo Board as of the date
hereof and (b) does not relate to an Alternative Proposal; provided that no fact, circumstance, occurrence, event, development,
change or condition to the extent directly or indirectly resulting from, attributable to or arising out of any of the following shall
(either alone or in combination) be taken into account when determining whether an Intervening Event has occurred: (i) changes in Fubos
stock price or the trading volume of Fubos stock, in and of itself, (ii) Fubo meeting or exceeding any estimates or expectations
of Fubos revenue, earnings or other financial performance or results of operations for any period, in and of itself, or (iii)
Fubo meeting or exceeding any internal budgets, plans or forecasts of its revenues, earnings or other financial performance or results
of operations, in and of itself (but not, in each case, the underlying cause of such changes or facts, unless such changes or facts would
otherwise be excepted from this definition of an Intervening Event).

Investors
Registration Rights Agreement means that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 2, 2024, by and between
Fubo and the investors party thereto.

IT
Assets means computers, computer software, firmware, middleware, servers, workstations, routers, hubs, switches, data communications
lines and other information technology equipment or systems.

Law
means any foreign, federal, state or local law (statutory, common or otherwise), constitution, treaty, convention, statute, ordinance,
code, rule, regulation, or other similar requirement enacted, adopted, promulgated or applied by a Governmental Entity.

Liabilities
means any liability, obligation or commitment of any kind (whether accrued, absolute, contingent, matured, unmatured or otherwise and
whether or not required to be recorded or reflected on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP).

10

Lien
means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, license, pledge, charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in respect
of such asset.

Loss
means any damages, losses, liabilities, obligations, claims of any kind, Taxes, interest, fines, penalties, awards, payments, costs,
charges, sanctions, settlements, or expenses (including reasonable and documented third-party attorneys fees and expenses).

Malicious
Code means any back door, drop dead device, time bomb, Trojan horse,
virus, worm, spyware or adware (as such terms are commonly understood in the
software industry) or any other code intentionally designed to perform any of the following functions: harming or otherwise impeding
in any manner the authorized operation of, or providing unauthorized access to, a computer system or network or other device on which
such code is stored or installed.

Newco
Operating Agreement means the amended and restated limited liability company agreement of Newco contemplated by Section
7.14(a)(iv).

Newco
Units has the meaning ascribed to the term Units in the Newco Operating Agreement.

NYSE
means the New York Stock Exchange.

Open
Source Software means any software (in source or object code form) that is subject to a license or other agreement commonly
referred to as an open source, free software, copyleft or community source code license (including any code or library licensed under
the GNU General Public License, GNU Lesser General Public License, BSD License, Apache Software License, or any other public source code
license arrangement), including any license defined as an open source license by the Open Source Initiative as set forth on www.opensource.org.

Order
means any order, judgment, award, decision, decree, injunction, ruling, writ or assessment of, or agreement with, any Governmental Entity
(whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is binding on any Person or its property under applicable Law.

Organizational
Documents of Fubo means the Certificate of Incorporation of Fubo and the Bylaws of Fubo.

Parent
Retained Business means any business conducted by Parent or any of its Affiliates, whether undertaken prior to or after the
date of this Agreement, other than the HL Business.

Parent
Retained Tax Liabilities means (a) all income Taxes imposed by any applicable Laws on Parent, any of its direct or indirect
owners or Affiliates, or any combined, unitary, or consolidated group of which any of the foregoing is or was a member, (b) all HL Asset
Taxes that became due and payable prior to the HL Contribution, (c) all Taxes to the extent arising out of or relating to the Hulu Reorganization
or the HL Contribution (other than Transfer Taxes allocated to Newco pursuant to Section 7.03(a)), and (d) any Taxes imposed on
or with respect to the ownership or operation of the Parent Retained Business or that are attributable to any asset of Parent or any
of its direct or indirect owners or Affiliates that is not part of the HL Business Assets.

11

Permitted
Lien means (i) Liens reserved against or identified in the Fubo Balance Sheet or the HL Balance Sheet, as the case may be,
to the extent so reserved or reflected or described in the notes thereto, (ii) Liens for Taxes that are either (x) not yet due and payable
or (y) being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established on the consolidated
financial statements of Fubo or Parent, as applicable, (iii) Liens set forth on Section 1.01(a)(iii) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter
or Section 1.01(a)(ii) of the Hulu Disclosure Letter, as the case may be, (iv) in the case of any Contract, Liens that are a restriction
against the transfer or assignment thereof and are included in the term of such Contract, (v) non-exclusive licenses to use Intellectual
Property granted in the ordinary course of business, (vi) restrictions on the transfer of securities arising under applicable Law and
(vii) those Liens that, individually or in the aggregate, do not, and are not reasonably likely to, materially interfere with the use
or value of the properties or assets of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries or the HL Subsidiaries, in each case, taken as a whole.

Person
means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization, limited liability company
or governmental or other entity.

Personal
Data means any information that alone or in combination with other information could be used to identify, or otherwise relates
to, a natural individual or household, and includes information that is defined as personal data, personally identifiable
information, personal information, or any similar term under any applicable Law.

Plan
of Conversion means the Plan of Conversion of Fubo contemplated by Section 7.14(b), to be adopted in connection with
the Fubo Conversion.

Privacy
Laws means all Laws, guidance, guidelines or standards, in each case, as amended, consolidated, re-enacted or replaced from
time to time, relating to the privacy, data security or Processing of Personal Data; data breach notification; website and mobile application
privacy policies and practices; the Processing of payment card information; the interception of electronic communications; the tracking
or monitoring of online activity; data- or web-scraping; advertising or marketing; and email, text message, or telephone communications,
in each case with respect to Personal Data.

Process,
Processed or Processing means any operation or set of operations which is (a) performed on
information, including Personal Data, such as the use, collection, processing, storage, recording, organization, adaption, alteration,
transfer, retrieval, consultation, disclosure, dissemination, combination or disposal of such information, or (b) considered processing
by any applicable Privacy Laws.

Registered
Intellectual Property means all (a) Intellectual Property that has been registered with or issued by, or is the subject of
a pending application with or from, any Governmental Entity or an Internet domain name registrar, including patents and patent applications,
registered or applied for Marks, registered Copyrights and Copyright applications and Internet domain names, and (b) social media accounts.

12

Representative
means, with respect to any Person, its Affiliates or any of its or its Affiliates respective directors, officers, members, employees,
representatives, agents, attorneys, consultants, contractors, accountants, financial advisors and other advisors.

Sanctioned
Country means any country or territory that is the subject or target of comprehensive Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement,
Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, and the so-called Luhansk
Peoples Republic).

Sanctioned
Person means any person that has been or is designated on OFACs List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked
Persons, Sectoral Sanctions Identification List, or Foreign Sanctions Evader List, or any other similar list of designated persons established
pursuant to Sanctions.

Sanctions
means all applicable export control and economic sanctions laws, regulations, and executive orders of the United States (including those
administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department
of State, and the U.S. Department of Commerce), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state,
and the United Kingdom.

SEC
means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Security
Incident means any (i) accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access, use, loss, exfiltration, disclosure, alteration, destruction,
encryption, compromise, or other Processing of Personal Data or confidential information; (ii) accidental, unlawful or unauthorized occurrence
or series of related occurrences on or conducted through IT Assets that jeopardizes or impacts the confidentiality, integrity or availability
of IT Assets or any Personal Data or confidential information stored or otherwise Processed therein; or (iii) occurrence that constitutes
a data breach, security breach, personal data breach, security incident, cybersecurity
incident, or any similar term under any applicable Law.

Series
AA Fubo Preferred Stock means the 35,800,000 shares of Fubo Preferred Stock designated as Series AA Convertible Preferred
Stock.

Settlement
means the settlement between the Plaintiffs fuboTV Inc. and fuboTV Media, Inc. (collectively, the Plaintiffs) and
Defendants The Walt Disney Company, ESPN, Inc., ESPN Enterprises, Inc., Hulu, LLC, Fox Corporation, and Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc.
(collectively, the Defendants) that resolves all claims in the case fuboTV Inc. v. The Walt Disney Co., No.
24-cv-1363-MMG (S.D.N.Y.) as detailed in the Settlement Documents.

Settlement
Documents means the Contracts entered into by the Plaintiffs and the Defendants with respect to the Settlement, including
the Settlement Agreement, dated as of the date of this Agreement, by and between the Plaintiffs and the Defendants (the Settlement
Agreement), and the Contracts and other documents and instruments entered into or contemplated to be entered into in connection
with the Settlement Agreement.

13

Settlement
Transactions means the transactions contemplated by the Settlement and the Settlement Documents.

Stockholders
Agreement means the stockholders agreement contemplated by Section 7.14(a)(iv).

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, another Person, an amount of the voting securities or other voting ownership interests of which is
sufficient, together with any contractual rights, to elect at least a majority of its board of directors or other governing body (or,
if there are no such voting interests, 50% or more of the equity interests of which) is owned directly or indirectly by such first Person.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of this Agreement, at all times after the Closing, (a) Newco and its Subsidiaries shall be
deemed to be Subsidiaries of Fubo and (b) Fubo, Newco and their respective Subsidiaries, on the one hand, shall be deemed to not be Subsidiaries
of Hulu or any direct or indirect parent company thereof (including Parent) or any other Subsidiary of any such parent company, on the
other hand.

Superior
Proposal means a written, bona fide Alternative Proposal that did not result from a breach of Section 7.06 for a transaction
or series of related transactions contemplated by clauses (a), (b) or (c) of the definition of Alternative Transaction
on terms that the Fubo Board determines in good faith, after consultation with Fubos outside legal counsel and financial advisor(s),
taking into account all financial, legal, regulatory, timing and other aspects of such Alternative Proposal, to be more favorable to
the shareholders of Fubo, from a financial point of view, than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including any adjustment
to the terms and conditions proposed by Hulu in response to such proposal); provided, however, that for purposes of the
reference to an Alternative Proposal in this definition of a Superior Proposal, all references to (a) more
than twenty percent (20%) in the definition of Alternative Transaction shall be deemed to be references to a
majority and (b) less than eighty percent (80%) shall be deemed to be references to less than a majority.

Tax
means all taxes or similar duties, fees or charges or assessments thereof imposed by any Governmental Entity, in each case in the nature
of a tax, including any interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amount.

Tax
Return means any return, declaration, report, election, claim for refund or information return or other statement or form
filed or required to be filed with any Governmental Entity relating to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including
any amendment thereof.

Tax
Sharing Agreements means all existing agreements or arrangements (whether or not written) binding a party or any of its Subsidiaries
that provide for the allocation, apportionment, sharing or assignment of any Tax liability or benefit (excluding any indemnification
agreement or arrangement pertaining to the sale or lease of assets or subsidiaries and any indemnity, sharing or similar agreements or
arrangements where the inclusion of a Tax indemnification or allocation provision is customary or incidental to an agreement the primary
nature of which is not Tax sharing or indemnification).

14

Transferred
Carriage Agreements means the Carriage Agreements set forth on Section 1.01(a)(iii) of the Hulu Disclosure Letter.

Treasury
Regulations means the regulations promulgated under the Code.

(b)
Each of the following terms is defined in the Section set forth opposite such term:

Definition Defined
in

Action Section
4.07

Agreement Preamble

Anti-Corruption
Laws Section
4.22(a)

Chancery
Court Section
11.04(b)

Change
of Recommendation Notice Section
7.06(e)

Claim
Notice Section
10.02

Closing Section
3.01

Closing
Conditions Section
3.01

Collective
Bargaining Agreement Section
4.16

Confidentiality
Agreement Section
7.05(c)

Continuing
Employee Section
7.02(a)

Copyrights Section
1.01(a)

Current
Insurance Section
7.17(c)

DGCL Recitals

DLLCA Recitals

DSOS Recitals

Environmental
Laws Section
4.14

Environmental
Permits Section
4.14

ERISA Section
4.11(a)

FBCA Recitals

FDOS Recitals

First
Extended Outside Date Section
9.02(a)

French
Fubo Benefit Plan Section
4.11(e)

Fubo Preamble

Fubo
Articles of Incorporation Section
4.01(c)

Fubo
Benefit Plans Section
4.11(a)

Fubo
Board Section
4.03(a)

Fubo
Board Recommendation Section
4.03(a)

Fubo
Board Recommendation Change Section
7.06(d)

Fubo
Bylaws Section
4.01(c)

Fubo
Common Stock Section
4.02(a)

Fubo
Contribution Recitals

Fubo
Conversion Recitals

15

Fubo
Disclosure Letter Article
4

Fubo
Indemnified Party Section
10.01

Fubo
Issuance Section
2.01(b)

Fubo
Material Contract Section
4.21(a)

Fubo
OpCo Recitals

Fubo
Preferred Stock Section
4.02(a)

Fubo
Real Property Leases Section
4.17(b)

Fubo
Reorganization Section
7.11(a)

Fubo
Reorganization Documents Section
7.11(f)

Fubo
Shareholder Approval Section
4.12(b)

Fubo
Shareholder Meeting Section
7.01(b)

Fubo
Subsidiaries Section
4.01(a)

Fubo
Termination Fee Section
9.05(a)

Fubo-Owned
Newco Unit Percentage Section
2.01(b)

Fubo-Owned
Newco Units Recitals

HL Recitals

HL
Audited Financial Statements Section
7.04(a)

HL
Balance Sheet Section
7.04(a)

HL
Business Assets Section
2.02

HL
Business Liabilities Section
2.03(a)

HL
Commercial Services Agreement Section
7.14(a)(iii)

HL
Contracts Section
2.02(e)

HL
Contribution Recitals

HL
Financial Statements Section
5.04(a)

HL
Subscriber Contract Terms Update Section
7.11(d)

HL
Subsidiary Section
5.01(c)

HL
Transition Services Agreement Section
7.14(a)(iii)

Hulu Preamble

Hulu
Benefit Plan Section
5.10(a)

Hulu
Brand License Agreement Section
7.14(a)(iii)

Hulu
Disclosure Letter Article
5

Hulu
Material Contract Section
5.18(a)

Hulu
Reorganization Section
7.11(c)

Hulu
Reorganization Documents Section
7.11(f)

Hulu
Termination Fee Section
9.05(b)

Indemnified
Party Section
10.02

Indemnified
Person Section
7.17(a)

Indemnifying
Party Section
10.02

Insured
Persons Section
7.17(c)

Live
TV IP Section
2.02(g)

Marks Section
1.01(a)

Maximum
Amount Section
7.17(c)

Molotov Section
7.11(b)

Newco Recitals

Newco
Plans Section
7.02(a)

16

Non-Continuing
Fubo Ad Sales Employee Section
7.02(d)

OFAC Section
1.01(a)

Outside
Date Section
9.02(a)

Parent Recitals

Parent
Retained Liabilities Section
2.03(b)

PBGC Section
4.11(b)

Permits Section
4.15

Pre-Closing
Tax Returns Section
7.03(e)

Privacy
Policy Section
5.17(c)

Privacy
Requirements Section
5.17(c)

Proxy
Statement Section
4.08

Reference
Date Section
4.02(b)

Registration
Rights Agreement Section
7.14(a)

Regulatory
Laws Section
7.07(g)

Reorganization
Documents Section
7.11(f)

Requisite
Shareholder Approval Section
8.01(a)

Resignation
Letter Section
7.13(a)

Settlement
and Release Agreement Recitals

Subscriber
Data Section
2.02(c)

Tax
Receivables Agreement Section
7.14(a)(i)

Tax
Records Section
7.16(b)

Third-Party
Claim Section
10.03(a)

Trade
Secrets Section
1.01(a)

Transaction
Litigation Section
7.08

Transactions Recitals

Transfer
Taxes Section
7.03(a)

Union Section
4.16

ARTICLE
2

THE
CONTRIBUTION AND ISSUANCE OF UNITS

SECTION 2.01. Transactions
to be Effected at the Closing. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing:

(a)
Hulu shall consummate the HL Contribution; and

(b)
immediately thereafter, (i) Fubo shall consummate the Fubo Contribution and, in exchange therefor, Hulu shall cause Newco to issue to
Fubo the Fubo-Owned Newco Units, such that (A) after giving effect to such contribution, Fubo will own a number of Newco Units representing,
in the aggregate, 30% of the outstanding Newco Units (such percentage, the Fubo-Owned Newco Unit Percentage) and
(B) Hulu will own a number of Newco Units representing, in the aggregate, 70% of the outstanding Newco Units, (ii) Hulu and Fubo, as
the members of Newco, will adopt, and Newco will thereafter be governed by, the Newco Operating Agreement, which will provide, among
other things, that Fubo will be the sole managing member of Newco, and (iii) Fubo will issue to Hulu a number of shares of Class B Common
Stock representing, in the aggregate, 70% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Fubo (calculated on a fully-diluted
basis, taking into account all Fubo Options, all Fubo Restricted Stock Units and all Fubo Performance Stock Units and any other security,
instrument or award that is outstanding immediately following the Closing and is convertible, exchangeable or settled into shares of
capital stock of Fubo) after giving effect to such issuance in exchange for a cash payment by Hulu to Fubo in an amount equal to the
par value of such Class B Common Stock (the Fubo Issuance).

17

SECTION
2.02. HL Business Assets. HL Business Assets means, except as set forth on Section 2.02 of the Hulu
Disclosure Letter, all of Hulus and its Affiliates rights, title and interest in and to each of the following assets:

(a)
the Transferred Carriage Agreements;

(b)
the rights under the HL Subscriber Contracts (after giving effect to the HL Subscriber Contract Terms Update);

(c)
subject to the terms and conditions of Annex 7.14(a)(iii), all Personal Data and information regarding subscribers to the HL DMVPD
Service (to the extent pertaining to the subscription to and use of the HL DMVPD Service and not, for the avoidance of doubt, information
pertaining to any other part of such subscription), including all account information, personal information, technical data and viewing
data (collectively, Subscriber Data) (which Subscriber Data and information will be managed by Hulu during the term
of the HL Commercial Services Agreement, as further described in Annex 7.14(a)(iii));

(d)
all advertising or sponsorship Contracts exclusively related to the HL DMVPD Service (to the extent such Contracts exist);

(e)
all other assets (including Intellectual Property) exclusively related to the HL DMVPD Service (if any); and

(f)
all Intellectual Property constituting the Live TV brand (to the extent such Intellectual Property exists) (the Live
TV IP).

The
contracts described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 2.02 are collectively referred to as the HL Contracts.

SECTION
2.03. HL
Business Liabilities; Parent Retained Liabilities.

(a)
HL Business Liabilities means all Liabilities of Hulu and its Affiliates to the extent (i) arising out of or relating
to the HL Business or the HL Business Assets, (ii) such Liabilities arise or are required to be performed after the date of the HL Contribution
and (iii) solely in the case of Liabilities arising under HL Contracts, such Liabilities do not result from any failure to perform, improper
performance or other breach, default or violation by Hulu or any of its Affiliates as of or prior to the HL Contribution.

18

(b)
Parent Retained Liabilities means all Liabilities of Parent or any of its Affiliates other than HL Business Liabilities,
including:

(i)
all Liabilities arising out of or relating to the Hulu Reorganization or the HL Contribution;

(ii)
all Liabilities arising out of or relating to Contracts which are not HL Contracts;

(iii)
all accounts payable and accrued Liabilities arising out of or relating to the ownership, operation or conduct of (A) the Parent Retained
Business or otherwise in respect of the Parent Retained Business or (B) the HL Business or the HL Business Assets prior to the HL Contribution;

(iv)
all Liabilities that are expressly contemplated to be retained by Parent or any of its Affiliates pursuant to this Agreement, the Ancillary
Agreements or the Reorganization Documents;

(v)
all Liabilities arising as a result of any of Parent or any of its Affiliates, at any time, being the owner, lessee, lessor or occupant
of, or the operator of, the activities of the Parent Retained Business;

(vi)
all Liabilities in respect of any Action, pending or threatened, and claims, whether or not presently asserted, arising out of or relating
to the ownership, operation or conduct of the Parent Retained Business;

(vii)
all Liabilities regarding any current, former or prospective employees or other service providers of Parent or any of its Affiliates;

(viii)
all Parent Retained Tax Liabilities; and

(ix)
the Liabilities described on Section 2.03(b)(ix) of the Hulu Disclosure Letter;

provided
that, notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements, Parent Retained
Liabilities shall not include any (i) Liabilities to the extent relating to the Transactions or the Settlement Transactions incurred
by Fubo or any of its Subsidiaries (other than pursuant to Section 2.03(b)(ix) or as otherwise expressly contemplated hereunder)
or (ii) accounts payable and accrued Liabilities to the extent arising out of or relating to the operation or use of the HL Business
Assets from and after the HL Contribution, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), other than the Parent Retained Tax Liabilities.

19

SECTION
2.04. Fubo
Equity-Based Awards.

(a)
As of the Closing, each Fubo Option, each Fubo Restricted Stock Unit and each Fubo Performance Stock Unit, whether vested or unvested,
that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Closing shall continue to remain an issued and outstanding Fubo Option, Fubo
Restricted Stock Unit or Fubo Performance Stock Unit, as applicable, and continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions as of
immediately prior to the Closing, as set forth in the Fubo Stock Plans and applicable award agreement; provided, however,
that the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall constitute a change in
control within the meaning of the Fubo Stock Plans and applicable award agreements, and, with respect to any Fubo Equity-Based
Award that is subject to performance-based vesting conditions, any specific treatment of the performance-based vesting conditions provided
under the terms of such Fubo Equity-Based Awards, as in effect as of the date hereof, upon a change in control shall apply
as of the Closing.

(b)
Section 2.04(b) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter sets forth a true, correct and complete list of all Fubo Equity-Based Awards outstanding
as of the close of business on the Reference Date, setting forth, on a holder-by-holder basis, (i) the name of the holder, (ii) the number
of shares of Fubo Common Stock subject thereto (assuming achievement of any applicable performance criteria at the target and the maximum
levels), (iii) the grant date thereof, (iv) the exercise price thereof and (v) the expiration date thereof, in each case to the extent
applicable.

SECTION
2.05. Withholding Taxes. Each of Hulu, Fubo and Newco shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any amounts otherwise payable
pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as are required to be withheld or deducted under the Code, or any applicable provisions of state,
local or foreign Tax Law. The parties hereto and their respective Affiliates shall cooperate in good faith to minimize, to the extent
permissible under applicable Law, the amount of any such deduction or withholding, including by providing any certificates or forms that
are reasonably requested to establish an exemption from (or reduction in) any deduction or withholding. To the extent that amounts are
so withheld and paid to the applicable Governmental Entity, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement
as having been paid to the Person in respect of which such deduction and withholding were made.

SECTION
2.06. Governance
Matters.

(a)
Each of Hulu and Fubo shall take all necessary action to effect the Fubo Conversion on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
herein and in the Plan of Conversion and in accordance with the FBCA and the DGCL, including by filing (i) the Florida Articles of Conversion
with the FDOS and (ii) the Delaware Certificate of Conversion with the DSOS. The Fubo Conversion shall become effective as of the Closing,
or as of such other time as may be agreed by Hulu and Fubo and specified in the Florida Articles of Conversion and the Delaware Certificate
of Conversion in accordance with the FBCA and the DGCL.

(b)
Each of Hulu and Fubo shall take all necessary action such that, at the Closing, (i) the Organizational Documents of Fubo shall be authorized
and adopted in the form agreed to by the parties hereto as contemplated by Annex 7.14(b) and, as so adopted, shall be the certificate
of incorporation of Fubo and the bylaws of Fubo until thereafter amended in accordance with the applicable provisions of the DGCL and
such Organizational Documents of Fubo.

(c)
Each of Hulu and Fubo shall take all necessary action such that, at the Closing, the charter of each committee of the Fubo Board shall
be authorized and adopted in the form agreed to by the parties hereto in accordance with the applicable provisions of Annex 7.14(a)(iv).

20

ARTICLE
3

CLOSING

SECTION
3.01. Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the closing of the Transactions (the
Closing) shall take place remotely by exchange of documents and signatures (or their electronic counterparts),
on the day that is three (3) Business Days after the day on which all of the conditions set forth in Article 8 (the
Closing Conditions) have been satisfied (or, to the extent permissible, waived), other than Closing Conditions
that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permissible, waiver) of
those Closing Conditions at the Closing.

SECTION
3.02. Hulu Closing Deliverables. At the Closing, Hulu will deliver, or cause its Subsidiaries (including Newco and HL), as applicable,
to deliver, to Fubo the following:

(a)
duly executed counterparts of each Ancillary Agreement to which it is party; and

(b)
a validly completed and duly executed IRS Form W-9.

SECTION
3.03. Fubo Closing Deliverables. At the Closing, Fubo will deliver to Hulu or Newco, as applicable, the following:

(a)
a copy of the duly executed and filed Certificate of Incorporation of Fubo and a copy of the Bylaws of Fubo approved and adopted by the
Fubo Board;

(b)
duly executed counterparts of each Ancillary Agreement to which it is party;

(c)
each duly executed Resignation Letter requested by Hulu in accordance with Section 7.13(a); and

(d)
a validly completed and duly executed IRS Form W-9.

21

ARTICLE
4

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF FUBO

Except
as set forth in (i) the disclosure letter delivered by Fubo to Hulu at or prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the
Fubo Disclosure Letter) or (ii) the Fubo SEC Documents filed with the SEC between January 1, 2023 and the date of
this Agreement (excluding any disclosure set forth in any risk factor section under the heading Risk Factors and any disclosure
of risks included in any forward-looking statements disclaimer or any other statement that are predicative, cautionary
or forward-looking in nature), Fubo represents and warrants to Hulu as follows:

SECTION
4.01. Organization, Good Standing and Qualification.

(a)
Fubo and each entity that is a Subsidiary of Fubo (the Fubo Subsidiaries) is a corporation, limited liability company,
partnership or other entity duly organized and validly existing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization. Fubo and each
Fubo Subsidiary has all requisite entity power and authority to own, operate and lease its properties and to carry on its business as
now conducted, except, with respect to each Fubo Subsidiary, where any failure thereof would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect.

(b)
Fubo and each of the Fubo Subsidiaries is duly qualified and/or licensed, as may be required, and in good standing (to the extent a concept
of good standing is applicable) in each of the jurisdictions in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the
character of the property owned, leased or used by it makes such qualification and/or licensing necessary, except where the failure to
be so qualified and/or licensed would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect
or prevent, materially delay or materially impair the ability of Fubo to consummate the Transactions prior to the Outside Date.

(c)
The copies of the articles of incorporation of Fubo and the articles of amendment thereto, which are incorporated by reference as exhibits
to the Fubo 10-K, together with the articles of amendment to the articles of incorporation of Fubo that are incorporated by reference
to Fubos Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024 (collectively, the Fubo Articles of
Incorporation), are true, complete and correct copies of such documents as amended and in effect on the date of this Agreement.
The copy of the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Fubo (the Fubo Bylaws), which is incorporated by reference as an
exhibit to the Fubo 10-K, is a true, complete and correct copy of such document as amended and in effect on the date of this Agreement.

SECTION
4.02. Capitalization, Indebtedness.

(a)
The authorized capital stock of Fubo consists of (i) 1,000,000,000 shares of Fubo common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Fubo
Common Stock) and (ii) 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Fubo Preferred Stock).

(b)
(i) As of the close of business on January 2, 2025 (the Reference Date), (A) 339,144,854 shares of Fubo Common Stock
were outstanding and (B) 0 shares of Fubo Common Stock were held by Fubo in treasury, and (ii) as of the date of this Agreement, there
are no shares of Fubo Preferred Stock (including, for the avoidance of doubt, shares of Series AA Fubo Preferred Stock) issued and outstanding
or held in treasury.

22

(c)
Since the close of business on the Reference Date through the date of this Agreement, Fubo has not declared or paid any dividend, or
declared or made any distribution on, or authorized the creation of, or authorized or effected any split-up or any other recapitalization
of, any of its capital stock, or directly or indirectly redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired any of its outstanding capital stock,
other than in connection with the relinquishment of shares of Fubo Common Stock by employees and directors of Fubo in payment of the
exercise price or withholding tax upon the exercise, vesting or delivery, as applicable, of Fubo Equity-Based Awards or forfeiture of
shares of Fubo Common Stock due to termination of employment. Fubo has not heretofore agreed to take any such action, and there are no
outstanding contractual obligations of Fubo of any kind to redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any outstanding shares of capital stock
of Fubo, other than in connection with the relinquishment of shares of Fubo Common Stock by employees and directors of Fubo in payment
of the exercise price or withholding tax upon the exercise, vesting or delivery, as applicable, of Fubo Equity-Based Awards or forfeiture
of shares of Fubo Common Stock due to termination of employment. As of the close of business on the Reference Date, 65,720,058 shares
of Fubo Common Stock were reserved for issuance under the Fubo Stock Plans, of which there were outstanding (i) Fubo Options to purchase
an aggregate of 18,749,533 shares of Fubo Common Stock (assuming achievement of any applicable performance criteria at the target levels,
which is also the maximum levels of achievement), (ii) 29,645,161 shares of Fubo Common Stock subject to Fubo Restricted Stock Units,
and (iii) 5,612,764 and 6,783,353 shares of Fubo Common Stock subject to Fubo Performance Stock Units (assuming achievement of any applicable
performance criteria at the target and the maximum levels, respectively). Since the close of business on the Reference Date through the
date of this Agreement, no shares of Fubo Common Stock have been issued, except pursuant to the Fubo Equity-Based Awards granted under
the Fubo Stock Plans, in each case outstanding on the close of business on the Reference Date. Other than the Existing Notes, there are
no outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness or warrants or other securities of Fubo having the right to vote (or, other
than any outstanding options to purchase Fubo Common Stock, convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote)
on any matters on which shareholders of Fubo may vote.

(d)
All issued and outstanding shares of Fubos capital stock are, and all shares that may be issued or granted pursuant to the exercise
or settlement of Fubo Equity-Based Awards granted under the Fubo Stock Plans, will be, when issued in accordance with the terms thereof,
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free of preemptive rights. The issuance and sale of all of the shares
of capital stock described in this Section 4.02 have been in material compliance with United States federal and state securities
Laws. Other than the Investors Registration Rights Agreement, neither Fubo nor any of the Fubo Subsidiaries has agreed to register any
securities under the Securities Act, or under any state securities Law, or granted registration rights to any individual or entity.

(e)
Except for the shares of Fubo Equity-Based Awards granted under the Fubo Stock Plans or the Existing Notes, as of the Reference Date,
except as set forth in any of the organizational documents of Fubo or Section 2.04 or pursuant to any Fubo Equity-Based Awards,
there are no outstanding or authorized (i) options, warrants, preemptive rights, subscriptions, calls or other rights, convertible securities
or agreements obligating Fubo to issue, transfer or sell any shares of capital stock or other equity interest in Fubo or securities convertible
into or exchangeable for such shares or other equity interest, (ii) contractual obligations of Fubo to repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire any capital stock of Fubo or any such securities or agreements listed in clause (i) of this sentence, or (iii) voting trusts
or similar agreements to which Fubo is a party with respect to the voting of the capital stock of Fubo.

23

SECTION
4.03. Authorization; No Conflict.

(a)
Fubo has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and deliver this Agreement and all other agreements and documents
contemplated hereby to which it is a party and to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Fubo, the performance by Fubo of its obligations hereunder and the consummation by Fubo of the transactions contemplated
hereby have been duly and validly approved and adopted by the board of directors of Fubo (the Fubo Board), and the
Fubo Board has resolved to recommend the approval of this Agreement (including the Fubo Contribution), the Fubo Issuance and the Fubo
Conversion (including the Plan of Conversion and the Certificate of Incorporation of Fubo) (such recommendation, the Fubo Board
Recommendation) and has directed that this Agreement (including the Fubo Contribution), the Fubo Issuance and the Fubo Conversion
(including the Plan of Conversion and the Certificate of Incorporation of Fubo) be submitted to the shareholders of Fubo entitled to
vote thereon for their consideration and recommend that the shareholders of Fubo approve this Agreement (including the Fubo Contribution),
the Fubo Issuance and the Fubo Conversion (including the Plan of Conversion and the Certificate of Incorporation of Fubo). No other corporate
proceedings on the part of Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries (including any vote of any class or series of outstanding capital stock)
are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance by Fubo of its obligations hereunder and the
consummation by Fubo of the transactions contemplated hereby, except for the approval of this Agreement by the Requisite Shareholder
Approval. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Fubo and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Hulu
and Parent, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Fubo, enforceable against Fubo in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors
generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

(b)
None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Fubo, the consummation by Fubo of the transactions contemplated hereby or the
compliance by Fubo with any of the provisions herein will (i) result in a violation or breach of or conflict with the Fubo Articles of
Incorporation, the Fubo Bylaws or the organizational documents of any Fubo Subsidiary, (ii) result in a violation or breach of or conflict
with any provisions of, or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default)
under, or result in the termination or cancellation of, or give rise to a right of purchase under, or result in a right of termination
or acceleration under, or result in the creation of any Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) upon any of the properties or assets owned
or operated by Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries under, or result in being declared void, voidable or without further binding effect
under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, any Fubo Material Contract or (iii) subject to obtaining or making the consents,
approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings referred to in Section 4.03(c) and obtaining the Requisite
Shareholder Approval, violate any Laws applicable to Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets,
other than any such event described in clause (ii) or (iii) above that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect or prevent, materially delay or materially impair the ability of Fubo to consummate the Transactions
prior to the Outside Date.

24

(c)
Except for filings, permits, authorizations, consents, approvals and other applicable requirements as may be required under the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, state securities or blue sky laws, the rules of the NYSE, the HSR Act or any foreign Regulatory Laws set forth
on Section 4.03(c) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter and by the Fubo Conversion (including the Plan of Conversion and the Certificate
of Incorporation of Fubo) with the applicable Governmental Entity, no filing with or notice to, and no permit, authorization, consent
or approval of, any Governmental Entity is necessary for the execution and delivery by Fubo of this Agreement or the consummation by
Fubo of the transactions contemplated hereby, except where the failure to obtain such permits, authorizations, consents or approvals
or to make such filings or give such notices would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material
Adverse Effect or prevent, materially delay or materially impair the ability of Fubo to consummate the Transactions prior to the Outside
Date.

SECTION
4.04. Subsidiaries.

(a)
Section 4.04(a) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter sets forth, as of the date of this Agreement, the name and jurisdiction of organization
of (i) each significant subsidiary (as defined by Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC) and (ii) each
other entity in which Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary owns any equity securities or other ownership interest.

(b)
All of the outstanding equity interests in each Fubo Subsidiary are (i) duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and, in the case
of all corporate Subsidiaries, nonassessable, and (ii) owned by Fubo or a Fubo Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted
Liens) or limitations on voting rights. There are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants, subscriptions, calls or other rights,
convertible securities or other agreements obligating any Fubo Subsidiary to issue, transfer, sell, deliver, vote or redeem (including
any rights of conversion or exchange under any outstanding security or other instrument) for any of the capital stock or other equity
interests of, or other ownership interests in, any Fubo Subsidiaries. Immediately after the Closing, except as contemplated by Section
2.04, there will not be any outstanding options, warrants, preemptive rights, subscriptions, calls or other rights, convertible securities
or agreements obligating Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries calling for the purchase or issuance of any shares of the capital stock
or other equity interest in Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries or securities convertible into or exchangeable for such shares or other
securities.

SECTION
4.05. SEC Documents; Financial Statements and Internal Controls.

(a)
Since January 1, 2023, Fubo has filed all Fubo SEC Documents required to be filed by Fubo with the SEC. As of their respective filing
or furnished dates (or (x) if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, on the date of such amended or superseding
filing, or (y) in the case of a registration statement, on the effective date of such filing), the Fubo SEC Documents complied as to
form in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and the respective rules and regulations
of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the Fubo SEC Documents, and none of the Fubo SEC Documents as of such filing or furnished
dates contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading provided, however,
in each case, that no representation is made as to the accuracy of any financial projection or forward-looking statement or the completeness
of any information filed or furnished by Fubo with or to the SEC solely for the purposes of complying with Regulation FD promulgated
under the Exchange Act. None of the Fubo Subsidiaries is required to file any forms, reports or other documents with the SEC pursuant
to Section 13 or 15 of the Exchange Act.

25

(b)
The consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, consolidated statements
of shareholders equity and consolidated statements of cash flows (including, in each case, any related notes and schedules thereto)
of Fubo contained in the Fubo SEC Documents as of their filing or furnished date with the SEC (or (x) if amended or superseded by a filing
prior to the date of this Agreement, the date of such amended or superseding filing, with respect to the consolidated financial statements
that are amended or restated therein, or (y) in the case of a registration statement, on the effective date of such filing, with respect
to the consolidated financial statements that are included therein) have been prepared from the books and records of Fubo and the Fubo
Subsidiaries, comply as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations
of the SEC applicable thereto, have been prepared in conformity with GAAP (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto or as permitted
by Regulation S-X or, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q, Form 8-K or other rules and regulations of the
SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as otherwise noted therein) and fairly present in all material
respects the consolidated financial position and the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries
as of the dates or for the periods presented therein (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal and recurring year-end
adjustments).

(c)
Since January 1, 2023, Fubo has not received written notice from the SEC or any other Governmental Entity that any of its accounting
policies or practices are or may be the subject of any review, inquiry, investigation or challenge by the SEC or other Governmental Entity.
Since January 1, 2023, Fubos independent public accounting firm has not informed Fubo that it has any material questions, challenges
or disagreements regarding or pertaining to Fubos accounting policies or practices which are unresolved as of the date of this
Agreement. Since January 1, 2023, no current officer or director of Fubo has received, or is entitled to receive, any material compensation
from any entity other than Fubo or a Fubo Subsidiary that has engaged in or is engaging in any material transaction with Fubo or any
Fubo Subsidiary.

(d)
Since January 1, 2023, no executive officer of Fubo has failed to make the certifications required by him or her under Section 302 or
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), with respect to any Fubo SEC Document, except as
disclosed in certifications filed with the Fubo SEC Documents.

26

(e)
Fubo maintains disclosure controls and procedures required by Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act; such
disclosure controls and procedures are reasonably designed to ensure that all information relating to Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries
required to be disclosed in Fubos reports required to be filed with or submitted to the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that all such information
required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to Fubos management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure and to make the certifications of the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of Fubo required under
the Exchange Act with respect to such reports. Fubo has disclosed, based on its most recent evaluation of such disclosure controls and
procedures prior to the date of this Agreement, to Fubos auditors and the audit committee of the Fubo Board and on Section
4.05(e) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter (i) any significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
controls over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect in any material respect Fubos ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information and (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in Fubos internal control over financial reporting.

(f)
Subject to any grace periods, Fubo is in compliance with (i) all current listing and corporate governance requirements of the NYSE and
(ii) all rules, regulations and requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the SEC, except as would not have, or reasonably expected
to have, a Fubo Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION
4.06. Absence of Changes.

(a)
From September 30, 2024 through the date of this Agreement, there has not been or occurred any Fubo Material Adverse Effect or any event,
change or occurrence that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect.

(b)
From September 30, 2024 through the date of this Agreement, except for discussions, negotiations, and transactions related to this Agreement
or the Settlement, Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in all material respects in the ordinary course and
in a manner consistent with past practice.

SECTION
4.07. Litigation.
Other than any Action between Fubo or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, and Hulu or any of Hulus Affiliates, on the other
hand, there are no suits, actions, arbitrations, charges, hearings, investigations, audits, petitions or other legal, administrative
or arbitral proceedings by or before any Governmental Entity (each, an Action) pending or, to the knowledge of Fubo,
threatened against Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets or any director, officer or employee
of Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary for which Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary may be liable, in each case, which would, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect or prevent, materially delay or materially impair the ability
of Fubo to consummate the Transactions prior to the Outside Date. There are no Orders outstanding against Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries
which would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect or prevent, materially delay
or materially impair the ability of Fubo to consummate the Transactions prior to the Outside Date.

27

SECTION
4.08. Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by Fubo for inclusion or incorporation by reference
in the proxy statement (the Proxy Statement) relating to the Fubo Shareholder Meeting will, on the date the Proxy
Statement is first mailed to shareholders of Fubo or at the time of the Fubo Shareholder Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no representation or warranty is made
by Fubo with respect to statements made or incorporated by reference therein based on information supplied by Hulu specifically for inclusion
in (i) the Proxy Statement or (ii) documents that are incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement.

SECTION
4.09. No
Undisclosed Liabilities. Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries do not have any Liabilities required by GAAP to be recognized on a condensed
consolidated statement of financial position of Fubo, except (a) as reflected, reserved or disclosed in the financial statements (or
the notes thereto) included in the Fubo SEC Documents as at and for the year ended December 31, 2023 or the nine-month period ended September
30, 2024, (b) as incurred since December 31, 2023 in the ordinary course of business, (c) as have been discharged or paid in full in
the ordinary course of business since December 31, 2023, (d) as incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or the Settlement, the Settlement Documents or the Settlement Transactions or (e) as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION
4.10. Brokers Fees. Other than Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and Evercore Group L.L.C., no agent, broker, Person or firm acting
on behalf of Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary or under Fubos or any Fubo Subsidiarys authority is or will be entitled to any
advisory, commission or brokers or finders fee or commission from any of the parties hereto in connection with any of the
transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION
4.11. Employee
Plans.

(a)
Section 4.11(a) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter sets forth, as of the date of this Agreement, a true, correct and complete list
of each material Fubo Benefit Plan. Fubo Benefit Plans means all employee benefit plans or compensation arrangements
of any type, including (i) Fubo Stock Plans, (ii) employee benefit plans as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), (iii) any other pension, profit-sharing, bonus, incentive compensation,
deferred compensation, vacation, sick pay, stock purchase, stock option, phantom equity, unemployment, hospitalization or other medical,
life or other insurance, long- or short-term disability, change of control, fringe benefit, or any other plan, program or policy providing
benefits or compensation for the benefit of any current, former or retired employee, officer, consultant, independent contractor or director,
and (iv) any individual employment, compensation, severance, consulting or similar agreement, in each case, that is sponsored, maintained
or contributed to by Fubo or a Fubo Subsidiary, or with respect to which Fubo or a Fubo Subsidiary may have any liability (contingent
or otherwise), excluding any plan or program that is sponsored solely by a Governmental Entity. With respect to each material Fubo Benefit
Plan other than a Fubo PEO Plan, Fubo has provided or made available to Hulu, true, correct and complete copies of each Fubo Benefit
Plan (or, if a plan is not written, a written description thereof), and, to the extent applicable, trust agreements, insurance contracts
and other funding vehicles, the most recent Annual Reports (Form 5500 Series) and accompanying schedules, the most recent actuarial valuation
report, the most recent financial statement, summary plan description (and any summaries of material modifications thereto) and the most
recent determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service with respect to the Fubo Benefit Plan. With respect to each material Fubo
PEO Plan, Fubo has made available to Hulu a true, correct and complete copy of the plan document or a summary thereof. For purposes of
Fubos obligation pursuant to this Section 4.11(a) to provide or make available to Hulu a copy of each material Fubo Benefit
Plan, if such Fubo Benefit Plan is an individual agreement that is materially consistent with a form of agreement, Fubo may meet such
obligation by providing or making available to Hulu a copy of such form. All representations pursuant to this Section 4.11 in
respect of any Fubo PEO Plan shall only be made to the knowledge of Fubo.

28

(b)
With respect to each Fubo Benefit Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) or 401(k) of the Code, such plan has received
a favorable determination or opinion letter from the Internal Revenue Service with respect to its qualification, and its related trust
has been determined to be exempt from tax under Section 501(a) of the Code and, to the knowledge of Fubo, nothing has occurred since
the date of such letter to adversely affect such qualification or exemption. With respect to each Fubo Benefit Plan, except in each case
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, (i) each such plan has
been administered in compliance with its terms and applicable Laws; (ii) neither Fubo nor any Fubo Subsidiary has engaged in any transaction
or acted or failed to act in any manner that would subject Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary to any liability for a breach of fiduciary duty
under ERISA; (iii) no disputes, government audits, examinations or, to the knowledge of Fubo, investigations are pending or, to the knowledge
of Fubo, threatened other than ordinary claims for benefits; (iv) neither Fubo nor any Fubo Subsidiary has engaged in any transaction
in violation of Section 406(a) or (b) of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code for which no exemption exists under Section 408 of ERISA or
Section 4975(c) or 4975(d) of the Code; (v) all contributions due have been made on a timely basis or have been properly recorded on
the books of Fubo or a Fubo Subsidiary; (vi) the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Sections 412 and 430 of the Code or
Section 302 of ERISA) are satisfied, whether or not waived, and no application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard has been
submitted to the Internal Revenue Service; (vii) no reportable event within the meaning of Section 4043(c) of ERISA for which the 30-day
notice requirement has not been waived has occurred within the one-year period prior to the date hereof; (viii) no liability (other than
for premiums to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (the PBGC)) under Title IV of ERISA has been or is reasonably
expected to be incurred by Fubo or any ERISA Affiliate of Fubo, and all premiums to the PBGC have been timely paid in full; (ix) the
PBGC has not instituted proceedings to terminate any Fubo Benefit Plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA; (x) no Fubo Benefit Plan
is currently, or is reasonably expected to be, in at-risk status (as defined in Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA or Section 430(i)(4)
of the Code); and (xi) no events have occurred that could result in a payment by or assessment against Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary of
any excise taxes under Section 4972, 4975, 4976, 4979, 4980B, 4980D or 5000 of the Code.

(c)
Except as disclosed on Section 4.11(c) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter, no Fubo Benefit Plan is (i) a multiemployer plan within
the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA that is subject to ERISA or (ii) subject to Title IV of ERISA.

29

(d)
No present or former employees of Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries are covered by any employee agreements or plans that provide or
will provide post-termination health or life insurance benefits (except as required pursuant to Section 4980B of the Code or Part 6 of
Title I of ERISA or other applicable Law, coverage through the end of the calendar month in which a termination of employment occurs,
or the full cost of which is borne by the employee or former employee (or any of their beneficiaries)). No director, officer, employee
or independent contract or Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary is entitled to any gross-up, make-whole or other additional payment from Fubo
or any other Person in respect of any Tax (including Taxes imposed under Section 4999 or 409A of the Code) or interest or penalty thereto.
Except as set forth on Section 4.11(d) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter, neither the execution of this Agreement nor the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (either alone or in conjunction with any other event, such as termination of employment)
will, except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, (i) entitle any former or current director, officer, employee or independent
contractor of Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary to retention, change in control, severance or termination compensation or benefits, or (ii)
accelerate the time of payment or vesting of, or trigger any payment or funding of, compensation or benefits under, or materially increase
the amount payable or trigger any other obligation pursuant to, any Fubo Benefit Plan.

(e)
With respect to each Fubo Benefit Plan that is subject to the laws of any jurisdiction outside of the United States, except in each case
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, (i) such plan has been
in all respects established, maintained and administered in accordance with its terms and all applicable Laws and orders of any controlling
Governmental Entity, (ii) if such plan is required to be registered, such plan has been registered and maintained in good standing with
applicable regulating authorities, and (iii) if such plan is required to be funded and/or book reserved, such plan is funded and/or book
reserved, as appropriate, in accordance with applicable Law. Notwithstanding any other representations and warranties in this Section
4.11 or Section 4.15, the representations in this Section 4.11(e) constitute the sole representations and warranties
of Fubo in Section 4.11 or Section 4.15 with respect to each Fubo Benefit Plan that is subject to the laws of France (each,
a French Fubo Benefit Plan). No later than 30 days following the date hereof, Fubo shall provide to Hulu any disclosures
required under Section 4.11 (other than this Section 4.11(e)) or Section 4.15 with respect to each French Fubo Benefit
Plan as if required on the date hereof.

SECTION
4.12. Fubo
Board Recommendation; Company Action; Requisite Vote of Fubos Shareholders; Opinions of Fubos Financial Advisors.

(a)
The Fubo Board has, by resolutions duly approved and adopted by the requisite vote of the directors and not subsequently rescinded or
modified in any way, unanimously (i) determined that it is in the best interests of Fubo and its shareholders, and declared it advisable,
to enter into this Agreement, (ii) approved and adopted the execution, delivery and performance by Fubo of this Agreement and the consummation
of the Transactions and (iii) resolved to recommend approval of this Agreement (including the Fubo Contribution), the Fubo Issuance and
the Fubo Conversion (including the Plan of Conversion and the Certificate of Incorporation of Fubo), in each case, by the shareholders
of Fubo entitled to vote thereon.

30

(b)
The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Fubo Common Stock (the Fubo Shareholder Approval)
is the only vote required of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of Fubo that shall be necessary to approve this Agreement
(including Fubo Contribution), the Fubo Issuance and the Fubo Conversion (including the Plan of Conversion and the Certificate of Incorporation
of Fubo) and to consummate the Transactions.

(c)
The Fubo Board has received the opinion of Wells Fargo Securities, LLC to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and based upon
and subject to the assumptions, limitations, qualifications and other matters set forth therein, the Fubo-Owned Newco Unit Percentage
provided for in this Agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to Fubo. The Fubo Board has received the opinion of Evercore
Group L.L.C. to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and based upon and subject to the various limitations, qualifications,
assumptions and other matters set forth therein, the Fubo-Owned Newco Unit Percentage provided for in this Agreement is fair, from a
financial point of view, to Fubo. A written copy of each such opinion will be provided to Hulu, solely for informational purposes and
on a non-reliance basis, as soon as practicable after receipt thereof by the Fubo Board.

(d)
The Fubo Board has taken all action necessary to exempt under, and not make subject to, any state takeover Law or state Law that limits
or restricts business combinations or the ability to acquire or vote shares of Fubo Common Stock following: (a) the execution of this
Agreement and (b) the Transactions. In the Fubo Articles of Incorporation, Fubo elects to not be governed by the provisions of Section
607.0901 of the FBCA regarding affiliated transactions and accordingly these provisions do not currently apply to Fubo.
Prior to the date of this Agreement, the Fubo Board has taken all action necessary so that the restrictions on business combinations,
affiliated transactions, and control-share acquisitions set forth in Sections 607.0901 and 607.0902 of the
FBCA and any other moratorium, control share, fair price, takeover, or interested
shareholder law will not be applicable to the Transactions. Neither Fubo nor any Fubo Subsidiary is party to any shareholder rights
agreement, poison pill or similar anti-takeover agreement or plan.

SECTION
4.13. Taxes.

(a)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect:

(i)
(A) all material Tax Returns required to be filed by or with respect to Fubo and its Subsidiaries have been timely filed (taking into
account all extensions), and all such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects and (B) Fubo and its Subsidiaries
have timely paid all material Taxes due or claimed to be due (whether or not shown on a Tax Return), except for those Taxes being contested
in good faith and for which adequate reserves have been established in the financial statements of Fubo;

(ii)
there are no Liens on the assets of Fubo and its Subsidiaries other than Permitted Liens;

31

(iii)
neither Fubo nor any of its Subsidiaries has executed any outstanding waiver of any statute of limitations for the assessment or collection
of any material Tax and there has been no request by a Governmental Entity to execute such a waiver or extension. No material audit or
other examination or administrative, judicial or other proceeding of, or with respect to, any Tax Return or Taxes of Fubo or any of its
Subsidiaries is currently in progress. No deficiency for any material amount of Tax has been asserted or assessed by a Governmental Entity
against Fubo or any of its Subsidiaries that has not been settled, paid or withdrawn;

(iv)
Fubo and its Subsidiaries have paid or withheld all material Taxes required to be paid or withheld with respect to their employees, independent
contractors, creditors and other third parties (and paid over such Taxes to the appropriate Governmental Entity to the extent required
by applicable Law);

(v)
neither Fubo nor any of its Subsidiaries is party to any material Tax Sharing Agreement, and neither Fubo nor any of its Subsidiaries
has been a member of an affiliated group (or similar state, local or foreign filing group) filing a material consolidated income Tax
Return (other than a group the common parent of which is Fubo or any of its Subsidiaries);

(vi)
during the period beginning two (2) years before the date hereof, none of Fubo and its Subsidiaries has been a distributing corporation
or a controlled corporation for purposes of Section 355 of the Code;

(vii)
each of the Fubo Subsidiaries that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes has in effect an election under Section
754 of the Code;

(viii)
no claim has been made in writing by any Governmental Entity within the previous three years that could give rise to a material Tax liability
in a jurisdiction where Fubo or any of its Subsidiaries does not file a particular Tax Return that any such entity is, or may be, subject
to a Tax in that jurisdiction that would be covered by such Tax Return; and

(ix)
neither Fubo nor any of its Subsidiaries will be required to include in income any amounts as a result of any deferred intercompany transactions
under Section 1.1502-13 or excess loss accounts under Section 1.1502-19 (or any other similar items under applicable Law) after the Closing
or as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(b)
Section 4.13(b) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter sets forth, as of the date of this Agreement, the U.S. federal income tax classification
of (i) each Fubo Subsidiary and (ii) to the knowledge of Fubo, each other entity in which Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary owns any equity
securities or other ownership interest.

32

SECTION
4.14. Environmental Matters. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material
Adverse Effect, (a) Fubo and each Fubo Subsidiary is, and has been since January 1, 2023, in compliance with all applicable Laws relating
to pollution or the protection of the environment or natural resources (Environmental Laws), and Fubo has not received
any written notice since January 1, 2023 alleging that Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary is in violation of or has any liability under any
Environmental Law, (b) Fubo and each Fubo Subsidiary possess and are in compliance with all permits, approvals, licenses and other authorizations
by Governmental Entities required under applicable Environmental Laws (Environmental Permits) for the operation
of their respective businesses since January 1, 2023, (c) there is no Action under or pursuant to any Environmental Law that is pending
or, to the knowledge of Fubo, threatened in writing against Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary and (d) neither Fubo nor any Fubo Subsidiary
has become subject to any Order under which there are uncompleted, outstanding or unresolved obligations on the part of Fubo or any Fubo
Subsidiary arising under Environmental Laws.

SECTION
4.15. Compliance
with Laws. Except for non-compliance as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material
Adverse Effect: (a) Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries are, and have been since January 1, 2023, in compliance with all applicable Laws of
any United States federal, state or local, or international, supranational or foreign, government or agency thereof to which the business,
properties or assets owned or leased by Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries are subject; and (b) to Fubos knowledge, no written notice,
charge, claim, action or assertion has been received by Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary or filed, commenced or threatened in writing against
Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary alleging any such non-compliance, in either case, that remains unresolved. All licenses, permits and approvals
(Permits) required under such Laws with respect to Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries or their businesses, properties
or assets are in full force and effect, except where the failure to be obtained or to be in full force and effect would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION
4.16. Labor Matters. Except as set forth on Section 4.16 of the Fubo Disclosure Letter, (i) neither Fubo nor any Fubo Subsidiary
is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other Contract with any labor organization or other representative (any such representative,
a Union and any such Contract, a Collective Bargaining Agreement) of Fubo or its Subsidiaries
employees, nor is any such Contract presently being negotiated and (ii) to the knowledge of Fubo, there are no campaigns being conducted
to solicit cards from employees of Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary to authorize representation by any labor organization. Except with respect
to the Unions set forth on Section 4.16 of the Fubo Disclosure Letter, neither Fubo nor any Fubo Subsidiary is required to negotiate
with or obtain the consent of any Union prior to entering into this Agreement or otherwise consummating the Transactions. As of the date
of this Agreement, there is no pending or, to the knowledge of Fubo, threatened, material labor strikes or material work stoppage involving
Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary.

SECTION
4.17. Title to Properties.

(a)
Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries do not own any real property.

33

(b)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, (i) Fubo and the
Fubo Subsidiaries have good and valid leasehold, subleasehold or licensee interests in and to the real property Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary
uses or occupies, or has the right to use or occupy, under leases, subleases, licenses or other agreements (including any amendments
and/or guaranties thereto, collectively, the Fubo Real Property Leases), free and clear of all Liens, other than
Permitted Liens, (ii) each Fubo Real Property Lease is valid and in full force and effect, and neither Fubo nor any Fubo Subsidiary,
nor, to the knowledge of Fubo, any counterparty thereto, is in default thereunder or is alleged to have violated any provision of, or
committed or failed to perform any act which, with or without notice, lapse of time or both, would constitute a default thereunder and
(iii) there are no pending or, to the knowledge of Fubo, threatened condemnation proceedings against any of the properties subject to
the Fubo Real Property Leases.

(c)
Except (x) for assets sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business or (y) where such failure would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect: (i) Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries have good and
valid title, leasehold interest or comparable contractual rights to, all material personal property or other assets owned or leased by
them and necessary to carry on Fubos business, including all material assets reflected on the Fubo Balance Sheet, in each case,
free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Liens, and (ii) no termination event or condition or uncured default on the part of
Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries, nor, to Fubos knowledge, any counterparty, exists under any lease of personal property.

SECTION
4.18. Intellectual
Property.

(a)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, all Registered
Intellectual Property owned by Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries is subsisting in the jurisdiction(s) where such Intellectual Property is
issued or registered, and is, to the extent issued or registered, to the knowledge of Fubo, valid and enforceable. Except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, no Action is pending or, to the knowledge
of Fubo, is threatened, that challenges the legality, validity, enforceability, registration, use or ownership of any such Registered
Intellectual Property.

(b)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, Fubo and the Fubo
Subsidiaries own, or otherwise have a valid license or right to use, all Intellectual Property necessary to carry on Fubos business
as now operated by them.

(c)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, Fubo and the Fubo
Subsidiaries exclusively own all of the Intellectual Property owned or purported to be owned by them, free and clear of all Liens except
Permitted Liens.

(d)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, there are no (and
there have not been, since January 1, 2023, any) adverse third-party Actions pending or threatened in writing against Fubo or the Fubo
Subsidiaries, in each case alleging that the operation or conduct of Fubos business or use of the Fubo Business Intellectual Property
constitutes an infringement, misappropriation or dilution of the Intellectual Property of any third party or challenging the ownership,
use, validity or enforceability of any Fubo Business Intellectual Property owned by Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries. Except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, to the knowledge of Fubo, the operation
of Fubos business does not infringe, misappropriate or dilute (and has not, since January 1, 2023, infringed, misappropriated
or diluted) the Intellectual Property of any third party.

34

(e)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, (i) no third party
is, or since January 1, 2023 has been, infringing, misappropriating or diluting any Fubo Business Intellectual Property and (ii) there
are no Actions pending or threatened in writing by Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries against any third party relating thereto.

(f)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, all employees of
Fubos business and independent contractors of Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries who have been involved in the development of Fubo
Business Intellectual Property owned by Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries have executed non-disclosure agreements, Intellectual Property
assignment/work for hire agreements or other written Contracts that (i) presently assign to Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries all rights
to the results and proceeds of such Persons services, and (ii) impose confidentiality obligations on such Persons with respect
to Trade Secrets owned by or in the possession of Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries.

(g)
Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable measures to protect and maintain the secrecy and confidentiality of
Trade Secrets owned or controlled by Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries.

(h)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, the proprietary
source code owned by Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries is and has been maintained in confidence by Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries, and neither
Fubo nor any of the Fubo Subsidiaries has any duty or obligation (whether present, contingent, or otherwise) to deliver, license, or
otherwise make available such source code to any escrow agent or other Person.

(i)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, (i) Fubo and the
Fubo Subsidiaries are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any license for Open Source Software that is contained in, incorporated
into, linked or called by or distributed with proprietary software of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries or otherwise used by Fubo and the
Fubo Subsidiaries and (ii) no software owned by Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries is subject to a Copyleft License.

(j)
Neither Fubo nor the Fubo Subsidiaries are parties to any Contract granting licenses, immunities or waiver of rights (including any covenant
not to sue, covenant not to assert or standstill agreement) or other rights to Intellectual Property to any third party that, following
the consummation of the Transactions, would purport to grant licenses, immunities or waiver of rights (including any covenant not to
sue, covenant not to assert or standstill agreement) or other rights to Intellectual Property owned or licensed by HL or its Affiliates
(other than Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries).

35

SECTION
4.19. IT
Assets and Data Privacy.

(a)
Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable steps (including implementing and monitoring compliance with reasonable
measures with respect to technical, administrative, organizational, and physical security) to maintain and protect (i) the integrity,
security, and operation of all IT Assets owned or leased by, or under the possession or control of, Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries and
(ii) all Trade Secrets owned or in the possession of Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries, in each case against loss and against unauthorized
access, acquisition, use, modification, disclosure or other misuse.

(b)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, the IT Assets of
Fubo (i) are in working condition, sufficient for the conduct of Fubos business as currently conducted; and (ii) since January
1, 2023 have not experienced any failure or unplanned outage. To the knowledge of Fubo, the IT Assets of Fubo do not contain Malicious
Code. Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries have implemented reasonable measures designed to prevent the introduction of Malicious Code into
the IT Assets of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries.

(c)
Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries comply, and since January 1, 2023 have been compliant, in all material respects, with all applicable (i)
Privacy Laws, (ii) external facing policies related to the privacy, security or Processing of Personal Data (each, a Privacy
Policy), and (iii) contractual commitments related to privacy, security, or the Processing of Personal Data (collectively,
the Privacy Requirements).

(d)
To the knowledge of Fubo, neither Fubo nor the Fubo Subsidiaries have experienced since January 1, 2023 any Security Incident material
to Fubos business taken as a whole.

(e)
Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries implement and maintain, and since January 1, 2023 have implemented and maintained, commercially reasonable
administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect Personal Data and confidential information relating to Fubos business,
in each case in Fubos or the Fubo Subsidiaries possession or control, against Security Incidents.

(f)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, (i) no Action is
pending or threatened against Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries related to any Security Incidents or alleging non-compliance with applicable
Privacy Laws and (ii) since January 1, 2023, Fubo has not notified or been required to notify any Person in relation to any Security
Incidents.

SECTION
4.20. Insurance. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse
Effect, all insurance policies maintained by Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries as of the date hereof are in full force and effect, and Fubo
believes in good faith that its level of coverage is reasonably customary in comparison to coverage carried by companies in similar lines
of business as Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, neither Fubo nor any Fubo Subsidiary is in breach or default under any such insurance policy, and neither
Fubo nor any Fubo Subsidiary has taken any action or failed to take any action which (including with respect to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement), with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a breach or default, or permit a termination or material modification
of any of the insurance policies of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries.

36

SECTION
4.21. Material
Contracts.

(a)
Section 4.21(a) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter sets forth a true, correct and complete list, as of the date of this Agreement,
of each Fubo Material Contract. For purposes of this Agreement, Fubo Material Contract means any Contract (excluding
any Fubo Benefit Plan or Collective Bargaining Agreement) to which Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary is a party or by which Fubo or any Fubo
Subsidiary or any of their respective properties or assets is bound that:

(i)
is a material contract (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC);

(ii)
except for intercompany transactions among Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices,
provides for the borrowing of money (including any guarantee thereof) or is a mortgage, security agreement, capital lease or similar
agreements, in each case in excess of $25 million, or creates a Lien other than a Permitted Lien on any material asset of Fubo or any
Fubo Subsidiary;

(iii)
limits or purports to limit the ability of Fubo or any of its Affiliates to compete or engage in any line of business, in any geographic
area or with any Person, and that, in each case, is material to Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries considered as a single enterprise;

(iv)
except for intercompany transactions among Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices,
(A) grants or licenses to Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary the right to use any material Intellectual Property owned by (or licensed to) a
third party, other than (w) Contracts with payment obligations of less than $15 million per year, (x) Contracts for any off-the-shelf,
commercially available software, (y) non-disclosure or confidentiality agreements entered into in the ordinary of course of business
that provide Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries with an incidental permitted use right to confidential information or (z) non-exclusive
licenses of any such material Intellectual Property that are merely incidental to the transaction contemplated in such license, (B) grants
or licenses to any third party the right to use any material Intellectual Property owned by (or licensed to) Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary,
other than (x) non-exclusive licenses of any such material Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of business, (y) non-disclosure
or confidentiality agreements entered into in the ordinary of course of business that provide any third party with an incidental permitted
use right to confidential information or (z) non-exclusive licenses of any such material Intellectual Property that are merely incidental
to the transaction contemplated in such license, or (C) includes any material covenant not to sue or assert or immunity from suit with
respect to any Intellectual Property, including any material coexistence agreements and material settlement agreements;

37

(v)
is a Carriage Agreement or any other similar Contract relating to the retransmission, distribution, carriage, display or broadcast of
any programming service, channel or network, which involves annual payments in excess of $15 million;

(vi)
relates to the acquisition or disposition of any business, assets or properties (whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or
otherwise) for aggregate consideration under such Contract in excess of $10 million (A) that was entered into after January 1, 2023 or
(B) pursuant to which any earn-out, indemnification or deferred or contingent payment obligations remain outstanding that would reasonably
be expected to involve payments by or to Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary of more than $10 million after the date hereof;

(vii)
any other Contract that provides for the sale or provision of goods, services, equipment or other assets from or to Fubo or any Fubo
Subsidiary in any twelve (12) month period of $10 million or more in any individual case that is not terminable by Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary
upon notice of ninety (90) days or less without material liability to Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries considered as a single enterprise
and which is not disclosed pursuant to the preceding subsections of this Section 4.21(a); or

(viii)
any Contract, or group of Contracts with a Person (or group of affiliated Persons), the termination of which would, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect and is not otherwise disclosed pursuant to this Section
4.21(a).

(b)
True, correct and complete copies of each Fubo Material Contract have been made available to Hulu. As of the date hereof, except as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Fubo Material Contract
is valid and binding on Fubo and/or each Fubo Subsidiary party thereto and is in full force and effect, other than those Contracts that
by their terms have expired or been terminated, and (ii) neither Fubo nor any of its Subsidiaries party to any Fubo Material Contract,
nor, to the knowledge of Fubo, any other party thereto, is in breach of, or default under, any such Fubo Material Contract, and no event
has occurred that with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute such a breach or default thereunder by Fubo or any of its Subsidiaries,
or, to the knowledge of Fubo, any other party thereto. As of the date hereof, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material Adverse Effect, (i) no disagreements or disputes exist under any Fubo Material Contract
and (ii) neither Fubo nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice from any Person that such Person intends to terminate
or not renew any Fubo Material Contract or seek to amend the terms and conditions of any Fubo Material Contract in a manner adverse to
Fubo or any of its Subsidiaries.

38

SECTION
4.22. Certain
Business Practices.

(a)
Fubo and its Subsidiaries, and each of their respective officers and directors, and, to the knowledge of Fubo, their respective employees,
agents and representatives (in each case acting in their capacity as such), have at all times during the past five (5) years complied
in all material respects with the provisions of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the UK Bribery Act 2010,
and the provisions of any other applicable domestic or foreign anti-corruption laws (collectively, Anti-Corruption Laws).
To the knowledge of Fubo, there have been no false or fictitious entries made in the books or records of Fubo or its Subsidiaries relating
to any illegal payment or secret or unrecorded fund, and Fubo has not established or maintained a secret or unrecorded fund. Fubo has
implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to promote compliance by Fubo and its Subsidiaries, and their respective
directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives with Anti-Corruption Laws, and to the knowledge of Fubo, no Governmental Entity
is investigating or has in the past five (5) years conducted, initiated or threatened any investigation of Fubo or its Subsidiaries in
connection with an alleged or potential violation of any Anti-Corruption Law.

(b)
Fubo and its Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of Fubo, their respective officers and directors, employees, agents and representatives
(in each case acting in their capacity as such), have at all times, since April 24, 2019, complied in all material respects with Sanctions
and applicable anti-money laundering laws. Since April 24, 2019, none of Fubo or its Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective officers
or directors, nor, to the knowledge of Fubo, any of their respective employees, agents, representatives, or beneficial owners: (i) is
or has been a Sanctioned Person, (ii) is or has been owned or controlled by a Sanctioned Person, (iii) has maintained or maintains any
offices, branches, operations, assets, investments, employees, or agents in any Sanctioned Country, (iv) has participated in any transaction
or business dealing with any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned Country except with a government-issued license or exemption, (v)
has received from any Governmental Entity or any other person any notice, inquiry, or internal or external allegation regarding an actual
or alleged violation of Sanctions or (vi) made any voluntary or involuntary disclosure to a Governmental Entity regarding an actual or
alleged violation of Sanctions or applicable anti-money laundering laws.

SECTION
4.23. Fubo
Subscribers. The number of paid subscribers to Fubos services at the beginning and end of each applicable calendar quarter,
commencing with the third calendar quarter of 2022 and continuing through the end of the third calendar quarter of 2024, was no less
than the amounts set forth in Section 4.23 of the Fubo Disclosure Letter.

SECTION
4.24. No Other Representations or Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties contained in this Article 4
and in any certificates delivered by Fubo in connection with the Transactions (including as contemplated by Section 8.02(c)),
neither Fubo nor any of its Affiliates, nor any of their respective Representatives or other Persons on their behalf, makes any express
or implied representation or warranty with respect to them, including with respect to the Fubo business, operations, assets, liabilities
or condition (financial or otherwise), or with respect to any other information provided to Parent or Hulu in connection with the Transactions.
Fubo acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties expressly set forth in Article 5 and in any certificates
delivered by Hulu, Parent or any of their respective Representatives in connection with the Transactions (including as contemplated by
Section 8.03(c)), (a) neither Parent, Hulu nor any of their respective Affiliates, nor any of their respective Representatives
or other Persons on their behalf, makes, or has made, any representations or warranties relating to Parent, Hulu, the HL Subsidiaries,
the HL Business or otherwise in connection with the Transactions, and Fubo is not relying on any representation or warranty of Hulu except
for those expressly set forth in this Agreement or any such certificate and (b) no Person has been authorized by Parent or Hulu to make
any representation or warranty relating to Parent, Hulu, the HL Subsidiaries, the HL Business or otherwise in connection with the Transactions,
and if made, Fubo shall not rely on any such representation or warranty as having been authorized by Parent or Hulu.

39

ARTICLE
5

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF HULU AND PARENT

Except
as set forth in the disclosure letter delivered by Hulu to Fubo at or prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the Hulu
Disclosure Letter), Hulu and Parent represent and warrant to Fubo as follows:

SECTION
5.01. Organization,
Good Standing and Qualification.

(a)
Hulu is a limited liability company, validly existing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its formation and has all requisite entity
power and authority to own, operate and lease its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted. Parent is a corporation,
validly existing under the Laws of the State of Delaware and has all requisite entity power and authority to own, operate and lease its
properties and to carry on its business as now conducted.

(b)
Each of Hulu and Parent is duly qualified and/or licensed, as may be required, and in good standing in each of the jurisdictions in which
the nature of the business conducted by it or the character of the property owned, leased or used by it makes such qualification and/or
licensing necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified and/or licensed would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect or prevent, materially delay or materially impair the ability of Hulu or Parent to consummate
the Transactions prior to the Outside Date.

(c)
Each of Newco and HL (each, a HL Subsidiary) will be when formed a limited liability company, validly existing under
the Laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, and will have all requisite entity power and authority to own, operate and lease its properties
and to carry on its business as then conducted.

SECTION
5.02. Authorization; No Conflict.

(a)
Each of Hulu and Parent has the requisite entity power and authority to enter into and deliver this Agreement and all other agreements
and documents contemplated hereby to which it is a party and to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by each of Hulu and Parent, the performance by each of Hulu and Parent of its obligations hereunder and the
consummation by each of Hulu and Parent of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly approved by the board of directors
of Hulu and Parent. No other entity proceedings on the part of Hulu or Parent are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of
this Agreement, the performance by Hulu and Parent of their respective obligations hereunder and the consummation by Hulu and Parent
of the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of Hulu and Parent and, assuming
due authorization, execution and delivery by Fubo, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of each of Hulu and Parent, enforceable
against Hulu and Parent in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

40

(b)
None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements by Hulu or Parent, the consummation by Hulu or Parent
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the compliance by Hulu or Parent with any of the provisions herein or therein will
(i) result in a violation or breach of or conflict with the organizational documents of Parent, Hulu or any HL Subsidiary, (ii) result
in a violation or breach of or conflict with any provisions of, or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time
or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the termination or cancellation of, or give rise to a right of purchase under,
or result in a right of termination or acceleration under, or result in the creation of any Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) upon any
of the HL Business Assets under, or result in being declared void, voidable or without further binding effect under, any of the terms,
conditions or provisions of, any Hulu Material Contract or (iii) subject to obtaining or making the consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings referred to in Section 5.02(c), violate any Laws applicable to Parent, Hulu, any of their
respective Subsidiaries (including the HL Subsidiaries), the HL Business or any of the HL Business Assets, other than any such event
described in clause (ii) or (iii) above that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material
Adverse Effect or prevent, materially delay or materially impair the ability of Hulu or Parent to consummate the Transactions prior to
the Outside Date.

(c)
Except for filings, permits, authorizations, consents, approvals and other applicable requirements as may be required under the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, state securities or blue sky laws, the HSR Act or any foreign Regulatory Laws set forth on Section 5.02(c)
of the Hulu Disclosure Letter and the filing of the certificates of formation of HL and Newco in accordance with the DLLCA in connection
with the Hulu Reorganization, no filing with or notice to, and no permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any Governmental Entity
is necessary for the execution and delivery by Hulu and Parent of this Agreement or the consummation by Hulu and Parent of the transactions
contemplated hereby, except where the failure to obtain such permits, authorizations, consents or approvals or to make such filings or
give such notices would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect or prevent,
materially delay or materially impair the ability of Hulu or Parent to consummate the Transactions prior to the Outside Date.

(d)
Except as set forth on Section 5.02(d) of the Hulu Disclosure Letter, there are no Contracts that include any put, call or other
similar right to buy or sell held by any Person with respect to assets, businesses, or securities of Hulu or any of its Subsidiaries
which conduct the HL Business or hold HL Business Assets, or otherwise hold assets or are burdened by liabilities of the HL Business
or HL Business Assets.

41

SECTION 5.03. Subsidiaries.

(a)
Each of the HL Subsidiaries will be formed solely for the purpose of entering into the Transactions. As of the Closing and since the
date of its formation, neither HL Subsidiary has carried on any business, conducted any operations or incurred any liabilities or obligations
or engaged in any business activities of any type or kind whatsoever or entered into any agreements or arrangements with any Person,
except for any such activities reasonably necessary to effect the Transactions or incidental to its formation.

(b)
As of the Closing, all of the outstanding equity interests in each HL Subsidiary will be (i) duly authorized, validly issued and fully
paid and (ii) owned by Hulu or a HL Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens) or limitations on voting rights.
As of the Closing, there are no subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights, convertible securities or other agreements relating
to the issuance, transfer, sales, delivery, voting or redemption (including any rights of conversion or exchange under any outstanding
security or other instrument) for any of the capital stock or other equity interests of, or other ownership interests in, any HL Subsidiary.

SECTION
5.04. Financial Statements.

(a)
Section 5.04(a) of the Hulu Disclosure Letter sets forth true, correct, and complete copies of the following financial statements
(such financial statements, the HL Financial Statements): (i) the pro forma unaudited balance sheet of the HL Business
(inclusive of all HL Business Assets) as of September 30, 2023 and September 28, 2024 and (ii) the pro forma unaudited statements of
income and cash flows of the HL Business (inclusive of all HL Business Assets) for the 12-month period ended September 30, 2023 and September
28, 2024.

(b)
Except as set forth on Section 5.04(b) of the Hulu Disclosure Letter, the HL Financial Statements (i) were prepared on a consistent
basis and derived from the books and records of Hulu, including the audited financial statements of Hulu, which were prepared in accordance
with GAAP, throughout the periods covered thereby and (ii) fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition
and results of operations of the HL Business (inclusive of all HL Business Assets) as of the dates thereof and for the periods therein
referred to. Following the date hereof, when delivered by Hulu to Fubo in accordance with Section 7.04, the HL Audited Financial
Statements (A) will have been prepared from the books and records of Hulu and its Subsidiaries, (B) will have been prepared in conformity
with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved and (C) will fairly present in all material respects the combined
financial position and the combined results of operations and cash flows of HL as of the dates or for the periods presented therein.

SECTION
5.05. Absence
of Changes.

(a)
From September 28, 2024 through the date of this Agreement, there has not been or occurred any HL Material Adverse Effect or any event,
change or occurrence that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect.

(b)
From September 28, 2024 through the date of this Agreement, except for discussions, negotiations, and transactions related to this Agreement
or the Settlement, Hulu (solely with respect to the HL Business and the HL Business Assets) has conducted its business in all material
respects in the ordinary course and in a manner consistent with past practice.

42

SECTION
5.06. Litigation.
Other than any Action between Hulu or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, and Fubo or any of Fubos Affiliates, on the other
hand, there are no Actions pending or, to the knowledge of Hulu, threatened against the HL Business or any HL Business Asset as of the
date hereof (and, as of the Closing, any HL Subsidiary), or any of their respective properties or assets or any director, officer or
employee of Hulu as of the date hereof (and, as of the Closing, any HL Subsidiary) which would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect or prevent, materially delay or materially impair the ability of Parent, Hulu or the
HL Subsidiaries to consummate the Transactions prior to the Outside Date. There are no Orders outstanding against Parent or Hulu (or,
as of the Closing, any HL Subsidiary) which would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse
Effect or prevent, materially delay or materially impair the ability of Parent, Hulu or the HL Subsidiaries to consummate the Transactions
prior to the Outside Date.

SECTION 5.07. Information
Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by Parent or Hulu for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the
Proxy Statement will, on the date the Proxy Statement is first mailed to shareholders of Fubo or at the time of the Fubo Shareholder
Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no representation or warranty is made by Hulu with respect to statements made or incorporated by reference therein based on
information regarding Fubo incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement or supplied by Fubo specifically for inclusion in the Proxy
Statement.

SECTION 5.08. No
Undisclosed Liabilities. The HL Business (including all HL Business Assets) does not, and as of the Closing the HL Subsidiaries will
not, have any Liabilities except (a) as reflected, reserved or disclosed in the HL Audited Financial Statements, (b) as incurred since
September 28, 2024 in the ordinary course of business, (c) as incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or the Settlement, the Settlement Documents or the Settlement Transactions, (d) as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to be material to the HL Subsidiaries, the HL Business or the HL Business Assets, taken as a whole, or (e) as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION
5.09. Brokers Fees. Except for Centerview Partners LLC, the fees and commissions of which shall be borne wholly by Parent,
no agent, broker, Person or firm acting on behalf of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or under Parents or any of its Subsidiaries
authority is or will be entitled to any advisory, commission or brokers or finders fee or commission from any of the parties
hereto in connection with any of the transactions contemplated hereby.

43

SECTION 5.10. Employee
Plans.

(a)
No Hulu Benefit Plan will, as of immediately prior to the Closing, be sponsored, maintained, contributed to (or are or be required to
contribute to), by any HL Subsidiary. No HL Subsidiary will, as of immediately prior to the Closing, have any Liability, contingent or
otherwise, with respect to any Hulu Benefit Plan. For purposes of this Agreement, Hulu Benefit Plan means,
any employee benefit plans or compensation arrangements of any type, including (i) equity incentive plans, (ii) employee benefit
plans as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, (iii) any other pension, profit-sharing, bonus, incentive compensation, deferred compensation,
vacation, sick pay, stock purchase, stock option, phantom equity, unemployment, hospitalization or other medical, life or other insurance,
long- or short-term disability, change of control, fringe benefit, or any other plan, program or policy providing benefits or compensation,
and (iv) any individual employment, compensation, severance, consulting or similar agreement, in each case, sponsored, maintained or
contributed to (or required to be contributed to) by Hulu or any Hulu ERISA Affiliate.

(b)
No circumstances exist that would reasonably be expected to result in, any Controlled Group Liability as of the Closing to Fubo, any
HL Subsidiary or any of their Subsidiaries.

SECTION
5.11. Taxes.

(a)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect:

(i)
as of the Closing, (A) all material Tax Returns required to be filed by or with respect to the HL Business, the HL Business Assets or
the HL Subsidiaries, have been timely filed (taking into account all extensions), and all such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete
in all material respects and (B) all HL Subsidiaries have timely paid all material Taxes due or claimed to be due (whether or not shown
on a Tax Return), except for those Taxes being contested in good faith and for which adequate reserves have been established in the financial
statements of the HL Subsidiaries;

(ii)
(A) all material Tax Returns required to be filed with respect to HL Asset Taxes have been timely filed (taking into account all extensions)
and all such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects and (B) all material HL Asset Taxes due or claimed to
be due (whether or not shown on a Tax Return) have been timely paid, except for those Taxes being contested in good faith;

(iii)
there are no Liens on the HL Business Assets, other than Permitted Liens;

(iv)
as of the Closing, (A) no HL Subsidiary has executed any outstanding waiver of any statute of limitations for the assessment or collection
of any material Tax and there has been no request by a Governmental Entity to execute such a waiver or extension, (B) no material audit
or other examination or administrative, judicial or other proceeding of, or with respect to, any Tax Return or Taxes of any HL Subsidiary
is currently in progress and (C) no deficiency for any material amount of Tax has been asserted or assessed by a Governmental Entity
against any HL Subsidiary that has not been settled, paid or withdrawn; and

44

(v)
solely with respect to HL Asset Taxes, (A) there is no waiver of any statute of limitations for the assessment or collection of any material
Tax and there has been no request by a Governmental Entity to execute such a waiver or extension, (B) no material audit or other examination
or administrative, judicial or other proceeding of, or with respect to, any Tax Return or Taxes is currently in progress and (C) no deficiency
for any material amount of Tax has been asserted or assessed by a Governmental Entity that has not been settled, paid or withdrawn.

(b)
Each HL Subsidiary will be newly formed, and once formed, will be at all times from its formation until the Closing classified as a disregarded
entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. No HL Subsidiary will be the successor of any other entity under Section 381 of the Code
(or any similar provision of applicable Tax Law).

(c)
None of the HL Business Assets will be subject, immediately after the Closing, to any tax partnership agreement or otherwise be treated,
or required to be treated, as held in an arrangement requiring a partnership income Tax Return to be filed under Subchapter K of Chapter
1 of Subtitle A of the Code (other than Newco).

SECTION
5.12. Environmental
Matters. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect, (a)
Hulu and the HL Business is and has been since January 1, 2023, and each HL Subsidiary will be as of the Closing, in compliance with
all applicable Environmental Laws, and neither Parent nor Hulu have received any written notice since January 1, 2023 alleging that the
HL Business, Hulu or any HL Subsidiary is in violation of or has any liability under any Environmental Law, (b) Hulu, the HL Business
and each HL Subsidiary possess and are in compliance with, or, after giving effect to the Hulu Reorganization, will possess and be in
compliance with, all Environmental Permits for the operation of their respective businesses since January 1, 2023, (c) there is no Action
under or pursuant to any Environmental Law that is pending or, to the knowledge of Hulu, threatened in writing against Hulu or any HL
Subsidiary and (d) none of Hulu, the HL Business nor any HL Subsidiary has become subject to any Order under which there are uncompleted,
outstanding or unresolved obligations on the part of Hulu or any HL Subsidiary arising under Environmental Laws.

SECTION
5.13. Compliance with Laws. Except for non-compliance as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a HL Material Adverse Effect: (a) the HL Business, each HL Business Asset and Hulu (solely with respect to its operation and ownership
of the foregoing) is and has been since January 1, 2023, and each HL Subsidiary will be as of the Closing, in compliance with all applicable
Laws of any United States federal, state or local, or international, supranational or foreign, government or agency thereof to which
the HL Business Assets, the HL Business or the HL Subsidiaries are subject; and (b) no written notice, charge, claim, action or assertion
has been received by Hulu, Parent or, as of the Closing, any of the HL Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of Hulu, filed, commenced or
threatened in writing against Hulu, Parent or, as of the Closing, any of the HL Subsidiaries alleging any such non-compliance, in either
case, that remains unresolved. All Permits required under such Laws with respect to Hulu, the HL Business, the HL Business Assets or,
as of the Closing, any of the HL Subsidiaries are in full force and effect, except where the failure to be obtained or to be in full
force and effect would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect.

45

SECTION
5.14. Labor
Matters. No HL Subsidiary will have, as of immediately prior to the Closing, any employees, consultants, independent contractors
or other service providers or any Liability in respect thereof. Neither Hulu nor, as of the Closing, any HL Subsidiary is, or, after
giving effect to the Hulu Reorganization, will be, a party to or bound by any Collective Bargaining Agreement with respect to the HL
Business or the HL Business Assets, nor is any such Contract presently being negotiated, nor, to the knowledge of Hulu, are there any
campaigns being conduct to solicit cards from employees of Hulu to authorize representation by any Union with respect to the HL Business
or the HL Business Assets or any other organizing efforts by or of such employees. Hulu is not, and as of the Closing, no HL Subsidiary
will be, required to negotiate with or obtain the consent of any Union prior to entering into this Agreement or otherwise consummating
the Transactions. As of the date of this Agreement, with respect to the HL Business and the HL Business Assets, there is no pending or,
to the knowledge of Hulu, threatened, material labor strike, work stoppage, or other material labor dispute or disruption involving or
affecting the HL Business or the HL Business Assets.

SECTION
5.15. Title to Properties; Sufficiency of Assets.

(a)
Hulu does not, and after giving effect to the Hulu Reorganization the HL Subsidiaries will not, own any real property.

(b)
Except where such a failure would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect,
Hulu and its Affiliates have, and after giving effect to the Hulu Reorganization Hulu and its Affiliates will have, good and valid contractual
rights with all employees of Hulu or its Affiliates and good and valid title to, leasehold interests in or comparable contractual rights
to all material personal property or other assets owned or leased by Hulu or its Affiliates, in each case as is necessary to perform
Hulus obligations under the HL Transition Services Agreement, the HL Commercial Services Agreement and the Hulu Brand License
Agreement.

(c)
Immediately following the Closing, the HL Business Assets, taking into account the services and assets provided under the HL Transition
Services Agreement, the HL Commercial Services Agreement and the Hulu Brand License Agreement, will constitute all of the assets, properties,
and rights necessary to conduct the HL Business after the Closing in materially the same manner as conducted immediately prior to the
date of this Agreement and as contemplated to be conducted after the Closing. There are no Contracts or other arrangements pursuant to
which the HL Business or the HL DMVPD Service owns, is licensed or otherwise receives the right to distribute and exhibit content other
than the Transferred Carriage Agreements.

46

SECTION 5.16. Intellectual
Property.

(a)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect, all Registered Intellectual
Property that will be owned by HL after giving effect to the Hulu Reorganization is subsisting in the jurisdiction(s) where such Intellectual
Property is issued or registered, and is, to the extent issued or registered, to Hulus knowledge, valid and enforceable. Except
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect, no Action is pending or,
to knowledge of the Hulu, is threatened, that challenges the legality, validity, enforceability, registration, use or ownership of any
Registered Intellectual Property that will be owned by HL after giving effect to the Hulu Reorganization.

(b)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect, after giving effect
to the Hulu Reorganization and the rights granted and services provided under the Ancillary Agreements, HL will own, or otherwise have
a valid license or right to use, all Intellectual Property necessary to conduct the HL Business as currently conducted, without payment
of additional amounts and such ownership right to use such Intellectual Property will not be impaired by the execution and delivery of
this Agreement or the occurrence of the Closing. HL, after giving effect to the Hulu Reorganization, is the sole and exclusive owner,
free and clear of all Liens except Permitted Liens, of each item of Intellectual Property owned, or purported to be owned, by it.

(c)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect, there are no (and
there have not been, since January 1, 2023, any) adverse third-party Actions pending or threatened in writing against Hulu or any of
its Subsidiaries, solely with respect to the HL Business and the HL Business Assets, in each case alleging that the operation or conduct
of the HL Business or use of the HL Business Intellectual Property or the HL Business Assets in the operation of the HL Business or use
of the HL Business Assets constitutes an infringement, misappropriation or dilution of the Intellectual Property of any third party or
challenging the ownership, use, validity or enforceability of any HL Business Intellectual Property that will be owned by HL after giving
effect to the Hulu Reorganization. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material
Adverse Effect, to the knowledge of Hulu, the operation of the HL Business and use of the HL Business Assets does not infringe, misappropriate
or dilute (and has not, since January 1, 2023, infringed, misappropriated, or diluted) the Intellectual Property of any third party.

(d)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect, (i) no third party
is, or since January 1, 2023 has been, infringing, misappropriating or diluting any HL Business Intellectual Property and (ii) there
are no Actions pending or threatened in writing by Hulu or any of its Subsidiaries, solely with respect to the HL Business and the HL
Business Assets, against any third party relating thereto.

(e)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect, all employees of
Hulu and independent contractors of Hulu who have been involved in the development of HL Business Intellectual Property that will be,
after giving effect to the Hulu Reorganization, owned by HL have executed non-disclosure agreements, Intellectual Property assignment/work
for hire agreements or other written Contracts that (i) presently assign to Hulu all rights to the results and proceeds of such Persons
services, and (ii) impose confidentiality obligations on such Persons with respect to Trade Secrets that will be, after giving effect
to the Hulu Reorganization, owned by or in the possession of HL.

(f)
Hulu, solely with respect to the HL Business and the HL Business Assets, has taken commercially reasonable measures to protect and maintain
the secrecy and confidentiality of Trade Secrets that will be, after giving effect to the Hulu Reorganization, owned or controlled by
HL.

47

(g)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect, the proprietary source
code owned by HL (after giving effect to the Hulu Reorganization) is and has been maintained in confidence by Hulu. Neither Hulu nor
any of its Subsidiaries has any duty or obligation (whether present, contingent, or otherwise) to deliver, license, or otherwise make
available such source code to any escrow agent or other Person.

(h)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect, (i) Hulu, solely
with respect to the HL Business and the HL Business Assets, is in compliance with all terms and conditions of any license for Open Source
Software that is contained in, incorporated into, linked or called by or distributed with proprietary software of HL after giving effect
to the Hulu Reorganization or that is used by HL and (ii) no software owned by HL (after giving effect to the Hulu Reorganization) will
be subject to a Copyleft License.

SECTION
5.17. IT
Assets and Data Privacy.

(a)
Hulu, solely with respect to the HL Business and the HL Business Assets and the HL DMVPD Service, has taken commercially reasonable steps
(including implementing and monitoring compliance with reasonable measures with respect to technical, administrative, organizational,
and physical security) to maintain and protect (i) the integrity, security, and operation of all IT Assets used by the HL Business, the
HL Business Assets and the HL DMVPD Service and that will be, after giving effect to the Hulu Reorganization, owned or leased by, or
under the possession or control of, HL and (ii) all Trade Secrets that will be, after giving effect to the Hulu Reorganization, owned
or in the possession of HL, in each case against loss and against unauthorized access, acquisition, use, modification, disclosure or
other misuse.

(b)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect, the IT Assets of
HL (after giving effect to the Hulu Reorganization) (i) are in working condition, sufficient for the conduct of the HL Business; and
(ii) since January 1, 2023 have not experienced any failure or unplanned outage. To the knowledge of Hulu, the IT Assets of HL (after
giving effect to the Hulu Reorganization) do not contain Malicious Code. Hulu and its Subsidiaries have implemented reasonable measures
designed to prevent the introduction of Malicious Code into such IT Assets.

(c)
Hulu and its Subsidiaries, solely with respect to the HL Business, the HL Business Assets and the HL DMVPD Service, comply, and since
January 1, 2023 have been compliant, in all material respects, with all applicable (i) Privacy Laws, (ii) Privacy Policies and (iii)
Privacy Requirements.

(d)
To the knowledge of Hulu, Hulu, solely with respect to the HL Business, the HL Business Assets and the HL DMVPD Service, has since January
1, 2023 not experienced any Security Incident that is material to the HL Business taken as a whole. Hulu, solely with respect to the
HL Business, the HL Business Assets and the HL DMVPD Service, implements and maintains, and since January 1, 2023 has implemented and
maintained, commercially reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect Personal Data and confidential information
relating to the HL Business, the HL Business Assets and the HL DMVPD Service, in each case in Hulus possession or control, against
Security Incidents.

48

(e)
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect, (i) no Action is
pending or threatened in writing against Hulu, solely with respect to the HL Business, related to any Security Incidents or alleging
non-compliance with applicable Privacy Laws and (ii) since January 1, 2023, Hulu, solely with respect to the HL Business, the HL Business
Assets and the HL DMVPD Service has not notified or been required to notify any Person in relation to any Security Incidents.

SECTION
5.18. Material Contracts.

(a)
Section 5.18(a) of the Hulu Disclosure Letter sets forth a true, correct and complete list, as of the date of this Agreement,
of each Hulu Material Contract. For purposes of this Agreement, Hulu Material Contract means any Contract (excluding
any Hulu Benefit Plan or Collective Bargaining Agreement) (x) to which the HL Subsidiaries will be a party to or by which any of their
respective assets or properties will be bound, in each case, as of the Closing, or (y) by which any HL Business Asset or the HL Business
is otherwise bound, that:

(i)
except for intercompany transactions among Hulu and the HL Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices,
provides for the borrowing of money (including any guarantee thereof) or is a mortgage, security agreement, capital lease or similar
agreements, in each case in excess of $50 million, or creates a Lien other than a Permitted Lien on any material asset of the HL Business;

(ii)
(A) limits or purports to limit the ability of the HL Business (or, following the Closing, the HL Subsidiaries or Fubo) to compete or
engage in any line of business, in any geographic area or with any Person, or (B) provides most favored nation rights (including
with respect to pricing in favor of a Person other than the HL Subsidiaries) and that, in each case, is material to the HL Business;

(iii)
is a Carriage Agreement or any other similar Contract relating to the retransmission, distribution, carriage, display or broadcast of
any programming service, channel or network by the HL Business, which involves annual payments in excess of $50 million;

(iv)
relates to the acquisition or disposition of any business, assets or properties (whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or
otherwise) for aggregate consideration under such Contract in excess of $50 million (A) that was entered into after January 1, 2023 or
(B) pursuant to which any earn-out, indemnification or deferred or contingent payment obligations remain outstanding that would reasonably
be expected to involve payments by or to any HL Subsidiary or the HL Business after the date hereof;

(v)
is a HL Contract;

49

(vi)
is a Contract that provides for the sale or provision of goods, services, equipment or other assets from or to the HL Business, Hulu
or any of the HL Subsidiaries in any twelve (12) month period of $50 million or more in any individual case that is not terminable by
Hulu or any of the HL Subsidiaries upon notice of ninety (90) days or less without material liability to the HL Business or the other
HL Business Assets and which is not otherwise disclosed pursuant to this Section 5.18(a);

(vii)
is a settlement, conciliation or similar agreement, other than the Settlement Agreement, (A) pursuant to which Hulu or any of its Subsidiaries
is obligated, after the date of this Agreement, to pay consideration, in each case, in excess of $50 million or (B) that would otherwise
materially limit the operation of the HL Business as currently operated or the use of the HL Business Assets as currently used;

(viii)
is any other Contract not made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice that is material to the HL Business or
the other HL Business Assets or, as of the Closing, would reasonably be expected to be material to the HL Subsidiaries; or

(ix)
is a Contract, or group of Contracts with a Person (or group of Persons), the termination of which would, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect and is not otherwise disclosed pursuant to this Section 5.18(a).

(b)
True, correct and complete copies of each Hulu Material Contract have been made available to Fubo. As of the date hereof, except as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Hulu Material Contract is
valid and binding on Hulu, the HL Business or an HL Business Asset, as applicable, on the date hereof (and, as of the Closing, will be
binding on each such HL Subsidiary party thereto), and is in full force and effect, other than those Contracts that by their terms have
expired or been terminated and (ii) neither Hulu nor any of its Affiliates party to any Hulu Material Contract, nor, to the knowledge
of Hulu, any other party thereto, is in breach of, or default under, any such Hulu Material Contract, and no event has occurred that
with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute such a breach or default thereunder by Hulu or any of its Affiliates, or, to the
knowledge of Hulu, any other party thereto. As of the date hereof, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a HL Material Adverse Effect, (i) no disagreements or dispute exist under any Hulu Material Contract and (ii) neither
Hulu nor any of its Affiliates has received any written notice from any Person that such Person intends to terminate or not renew any
Hulu Material Contract or seek to amend the terms and conditions of any Hulu Material Contract in a manner adverse to Hulu or any of
its Affiliates.

50

SECTION
5.19. Certain Business Practices.

(a)
Hulu and the HL Subsidiaries and each of their respective officers and directors, and, to the knowledge of Hulu, their respective Representatives,
have at all times during the past five (5) years complied in all material respects with Anti-Corruption Laws. To the knowledge of Hulu,
there have been no false or fictitious entries made in the books or records of Hulu or the HL Subsidiaries relating to any illegal payment
or secret or unrecorded fund, and neither Hulu nor the HL Subsidiaries has established or maintained a secret or unrecorded fund. Hulu
has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures and internal accounting controls reasonably designed to promote compliance
by Hulu and the HL Subsidiaries and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives with Anti-Corruption
Laws, and to the knowledge of Hulu, no Governmental Entity is investigating or has in the past five (5) years conducted, initiated or
threatened any investigation of Hulu or the HL Subsidiaries in connection with an alleged or potential violation of any Anti-Corruption
Law.

(b)
Hulu and the HL Subsidiaries and each of their respective officers and directors, and to the knowledge of Hulu, their respective Representatives,
have at all times, since April 24, 2019, complied in all material respects with Sanctions or applicable anti-money laundering laws. Since
April 24, 2019, neither of Hulu or the HL Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective officers or directors, nor, to the knowledge of Hulu,
any of their respective Representatives or beneficial owners: (i) is or has been a Sanctioned Person, (ii) is or has been owned or controlled
by a Sanctioned Person, (iii) has maintained or maintains any offices, branches, operations, assets, investments, employees, or agents
in any Sanctioned Country, (iv) has participated in any transaction or business dealing with any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned
Country except with a government-issued license or exemption, (v) has received from any Governmental Entity or any other person any notice,
inquiry, or internal or external allegation regarding an actual or alleged violation of Sanctions or (vi) made any voluntary or involuntary
disclosure to a Governmental Entity regarding an actual or alleged violation of Sanctions or applicable anti-money laundering laws.

SECTION
5.20. HL DMVPD Subscribers. The number of paid subscribers to the HL DMVPD Service at the beginning and end of each applicable
fiscal quarter, commencing with Hulus first quarter of fiscal 2023 and continuing through the end of Hulus fourth quarter
of fiscal 2024, was no less than the amounts set forth in Section 5.20 of the Hulu Disclosure Letter.

SECTION
5.21. No Other Representations or Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties contained in this Article 5
and in any certificates delivered by Hulu in connection with the Transactions (including as contemplated by Section 8.03(c)),
neither Parent, Hulu nor any of their respective Affiliates, nor any of their respective Representatives or other Persons on their behalf,
makes any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to them, or with respect to any other information provided to Fubo
in connection with the Transactions. Parent and Hulu each acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties
expressly set forth in Article 4 and in any certificates delivered by Fubo or any of its Representatives in connection with the
Transactions (including as contemplated by Section 8.02(c)), (a) neither Fubo nor any of its Affiliates, nor any of their respective
Representatives or other Persons on their behalf, makes, or has made, any representations or warranties relating to Fubo, the Fubo Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses or otherwise in connection with the Transactions, and neither Parent nor Hulu is relying on any representation
or warranty of Fubo except for those expressly set forth in this Agreement or any such certificate and (b) no Person has been authorized
by Fubo to make any representation or warranty relating to Fubo, the Fubo Subsidiaries, their respective businesses or otherwise in connection
with the Transactions, and if made, neither Parent nor Hulu shall rely on any such representation or warranty as having been authorized
by Fubo.

51

ARTICLE
6

CONDUCT
OF THE BUSINESS

SECTION
6.01. Conduct of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries Pending the Transactions.

(a)
Fubo covenants and agrees that, from the date hereof until the earlier of the Closing and the termination of this Agreement pursuant
to Article 9, except (i) as set forth on Section 6.01 of the Fubo Disclosure Letter, (ii) with the prior written consent
(including electronic mail) of Hulu (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), (iii) as expressly required
by this Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, including the Fubo Reorganization) or (iv) as required by applicable Law, Fubo and the
Fubo Subsidiaries shall (x) conduct the businesses of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries in all material respects in the ordinary course,
and (y) use commercially reasonable efforts to (A) maintain their respective assets (including Intellectual Property), (B) preserve intact
their respective business organizations and significant beneficial business relationships with suppliers, contractors, distributors,
customers, licensors, licensees and others having significant business relationships with them and (C) keep available the services of
their current key officers and employees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no action by, or failure to act of, Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries
with respect to matters specifically addressed by any provision of Section 6.01(b) shall be deemed a breach of this Section
6.01(a) unless such action, or failure to act, would constitute a breach of such relevant provision of Section 6.01(b).

(b)
Without limiting the generality of Section 6.01(a), except (1) as set forth on Section 6.01(b) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter,
(2) with the prior written consent (including electronic mail) of Hulu (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed), (3) as expressly required by this Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, including the Fubo Reorganization) or (4) as required
by applicable Law, Fubo shall not, and shall not permit any of the Fubo Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, do any of the following:

(i)
except for dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to Contracts in effect as of the date of this Agreement,
sell, lease, license, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of, abandon, waive or relinquish any assets, rights, properties or securities
of Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries outside of the ordinary course of business;

(ii)
acquire by merging or consolidating with or by purchasing a substantial equity interest in or a substantial portion of the assets of,
or by any other manner, any business, corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or division thereof, or enter
into binding agreements with respect to any such acquisition, in each case in excess of $20 million (including any contingent consideration)
in any single transaction or series of related transactions or if such acquisition would prevent, materially delay or materially impede
the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.01, other than pursuant to existing Contracts or commitments;

52

(iii)
enter into any partnership, joint venture agreement or similar arrangement if the aggregate amount of capital contributions required
to be made by Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary under such partnership, joint venture or similar arrangement would exceed $20 million;

(iv)
amend or propose to amend the Fubo Articles of Incorporation or the Fubo Bylaws (or respective constituent documents) of Fubo or the
articles of incorporation, certificates of incorporation, bylaws or operating agreements (or respective constituent documents of any
Fubo Subsidiary), other than immaterial amendments to organizational or governing documents of the Fubo Subsidiaries;

(v)
declare, set aside, authorize, establish a record date in respect of, accrue or pay any dividend or make any other distribution (whether
in cash, capital stock, property or otherwise) with respect to any shares of its capital stock, other than dividends and distributions
by a direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of Fubo to Fubo or to another wholly owned Subsidiary of Fubo;

(vi)
purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or offer to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any shares of its capital stock, other equity
securities, other ownership interests or any options, warrants or rights to acquire any such stock, securities or interests, other than
in connection with the relinquishment of shares by employees and directors of Fubo in payment of the exercise price or withholding tax
upon the exercise, vesting or delivery, as applicable, of Fubo Equity-Based Awards or forfeiture of shares due to termination of employment;

(vii)
split, combine or reclassify any outstanding shares of its capital stock;

(viii)
issue, sell, dispose of, authorize or agree to the issuance, sale or disposition by Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries of, any shares
of, or any options, warrants or rights of any kind to acquire any shares of, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any
shares of, its capital stock of any class, or any other securities in respect of, in lieu of, or in substitution for any class of its
capital stock outstanding on the date hereof, except for issuances by a wholly owned subsidiary of Fubo to Fubo or to another wholly
owned Subsidiary of Fubo or upon the exercise, vesting, settlement, or delivery, as applicable, of Fubo Equity-Based Awards outstanding
on the date of this Agreement or granted in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or as permitted under Section 6.01(b)(xi);

(ix)
modify the terms of any existing indebtedness for borrowed money issued by Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary having an aggregate principal
amount in excess of $10 million in a manner adverse to Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary;

53

(x)
(A) except for trade letters of credit or guarantees issued in the ordinary course of business, incur, assume, guarantee, or become obligated
following the date of this Agreement with respect to any indebtedness for borrowed money (including capital leases, as defined under
GAAP), if the aggregate amount of such incurrences, assumptions, guarantees or obligations following the date of this Agreement (net
of any repayments following the date of this Agreement) would exceed $10 million, (B) except for advances to employees and consultants
for travel and other business-related expenses in the ordinary course of business, make any individual loan, advance or capital contribution
to or investment in any other Person (other than any Fubo Subsidiary) if the aggregate amount of such loans, advances, capital contributions
or investments would exceed $1 million, (C) pledge or otherwise encumber any shares of capital stock of Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary,
(D) mortgage or pledge any of its material tangible or intangible assets, or create or suffer to exist any Liens thereupon (other than
currently existing Liens and Permitted Liens) of $5 million or more in the aggregate; or (E) except in the ordinary course of business,
fund or prepay any obligations to any Person, that are not due and payable;

(xi)
except to the extent required by applicable Law or by any Fubo Benefit Plan (including any award agreement governing any Fubo Equity-Based
Award) as in effect on the date hereof or adopted or amended after the date hereof in compliance with this Agreement, (A) increase the
compensation or benefits of any of its employees, officers, directors, or individual consultants or independent contractors, except for
merit or market-based increases in annual base compensation (and corresponding increases in annual target cash incentive opportunities)
in the ordinary course of business, (B) enter into or materially amend any Fubo Benefit Plan, except in the ordinary course of business,
(C) enter into, materially amend, alter or modify, or adopt or implement or otherwise commit itself to any plans or arrangements providing
for retiree or post-employment medical, accident, disability, life insurance, death or welfare benefits, except in the ordinary course
of business, (D) make a payment of any pension, severance or retirement benefits or accelerate the vesting or payment of any compensation
or benefit under any Fubo Benefit Plan, (E) accelerate the vesting of, or the lapse of restrictions with respect to, any Fubo Equity-Based
Awards, (F) cause the funding of any rabbi trust or similar arrangement or take any action to materially fund or in any other way materially
secure the payment of nonqualified deferred compensation or benefits under any Fubo Benefit Plan, (G) enter into, renew or materially
modify any Collective Bargaining Agreement, except in the ordinary course of business or (H) grant any new Fubo Equity-Based Awards or
other equity awards, except in the ordinary course of business;

(xii)
adopt or change any Tax or other material accounting method, principle or practice; make, change or rescind any material Tax election
other than in the ordinary course of business; file any material amended Tax Return; settle or compromise any material claim, notice,
audit report or assessment in respect of a material amount of Taxes; consent to any extension or waiver of the statute of limitations
period applicable to any material Tax claim or assessment; or withdraw any material Tax refund claim;

54

(xiii)
unless otherwise permitted under Section 6.01(b)(ix) (x) amend in any material and adverse respect or terminate any Fubo Material
Contract, other than in the ordinary course with respect to Section 6.01(b)(i) or Section 6.01(b)(x) or (y) enter into
any agreement that would be a Fubo Material Contract if it had been in existence on the date hereof, other than Contracts (A) entered
into in the ordinary course of business consistent with terms of similar existing Contracts entered into in the six (6) months immediately
preceding the date of this Agreement or (B) that are required to be entered into by Contracts in effect as of the date of this Agreement
and new Carriage Agreements for new channels or services upon terms consistent with Carriage Agreements entered into in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practices;

(xiv)
other than with respect to (A) Transaction Litigation, which shall be governed by Section 7.08, (B) any actual or threatened Action
or other claim arising out of or relating to a breach of this Agreement, any Ancillary Agreements or any Contracts, other agreements
or instruments contemplated thereby or (C) customer claims in the ordinary course of business that have not resulted in litigation, waive,
release, assign, settle, compromise or otherwise resolve any Action, except where such waivers, releases, assignments, settlements or
compromises are (x) reflected or reserved against in the consolidated balance sheet of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries included in the
Fubo 10-K or (y) with a third party (who is not an executive officer of Fubo) and involve only the payment of monetary damages in amounts
not in excess of $2 million individually, after taking into account insurance coverage maintained by Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries;

(xv)
make or commit to make capital expenditures (which for the avoidance of doubt shall not include capital leases) in excess of $5 million
in any twelve-month period;

(xvi)
enter into any swap or hedging transaction or other derivative agreements other than in the ordinary course of business;

(xvii)
enter into any agreement, arrangement or commitment (other than renewals of any Contract in effect as of the date hereof on terms consistent
with such existing Contract or otherwise permitted by this Section 6.01(b)) that (A) materially limits or otherwise materially
restricts Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary, or that would reasonably be expected to, after the Closing, materially limit or restrict Hulu
or the HL Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates or any successor thereto, from engaging or competing in any line of business
in which it is currently engaged or in any geographic area, or (B) other than Contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, imposes minimum purchase, bundling, programming carrying or penetration or other similar requirements
or obligations on Fubo and its business that, following the Closing, would be binding upon Hulu and its Affiliates;

(xviii)
adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization
of Fubo, or adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other
reorganization of any Fubo Subsidiary, in each case, other than transactions which are solely among the Fubo Subsidiaries; or

55

(xix)
authorize, commit or agree to take any of the foregoing actions.

(c)
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give Parent or Hulu, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the operations
of Fubo prior to the Closing. Prior to the Closing, Fubo shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
complete control, and supervision over its and its Subsidiaries respective businesses and operations.

SECTION
6.02. Conduct of Business by Hulu Pending the Transactions.

(a)
Hulu covenants and agrees that, from the date hereof until the earlier of the Closing and the termination of this Agreement pursuant
to Article 9, except (i) as set forth on Section 6.02 of the Hulu Disclosure Letter, (ii) with the prior written consent
(including electronic mail) of Fubo (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), (iii) as expressly required
by this Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, including the Hulu Reorganization) or (iv) as required by applicable Law, Hulu and the
HL Subsidiaries shall (x) conduct the HL Business and the HL DMVPD Service, and use the HL Business Assets, in each case in all material
respects in the ordinary course and (y) use commercially reasonable efforts to (A) maintain their respective assets (including Intellectual
Property), (B) preserve intact their respective business organizations and significant beneficial business relationships with suppliers,
contractors, distributors, customers, licensors, licensees and others having significant business relationships with them and (C) keep
available the services of their current key officers and employees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no action by, or failure to act of,
Hulu or HL Subsidiaries with respect to matters specifically addressed by any provision of Section 6.02(b) shall be deemed a breach
of this Section 6.02(a) unless such action, or failure to act, would constitute a breach of such relevant provision of Section
6.02(b).

(b)
Without limiting the generality of Section 6.02(a), except (i) as set forth on Section 6.02(b) of the Hulu Disclosure Letter,
(ii) with the prior written consent (including electronic mail) of Fubo (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed), (iii) as expressly required by this Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, including the Hulu Reorganization) or (iv) as
required by applicable Law, Hulu shall not (other than with respect to Section 6.02(b)(xiii) below, solely with respect to the
HL Business, the HL Business Assets and, to the extent expressly specified below, the HL DMVPD Service), and shall not permit HL or Newco
to, directly or indirectly do any of the following:

(i)
except for dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to Contracts in effect as of the date of this Agreement,
sell, lease, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of, abandon, waive or relinquish any material assets, rights, property or securities
included in the HL Business Assets;

(ii)
acquire by merging or consolidating with or by purchasing a substantial equity interest in or a substantial portion of the assets of,
or by any other manner, any business, corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or division thereof, or enter
into binding agreements with respect to any such acquisition, in each case, (A) in excess of $20 million (including any contingent consideration)
in any single transaction or series of related transactions, other than pursuant to existing Contracts or commitments, or (B) if such
acquisition would prevent, materially delay or materially impede the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article 8 or
materially increase the risk of any Governmental Entity entering an Order, ruling, judgment or injunction prohibiting or materially delaying
the timely consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby;

56

(iii)
enter into any partnership, joint venture agreement or similar arrangement or make any new commitment to make any capital contribution
or advance to, or investments in, any Person, if the aggregate amount of capital contributions required to be made under all such arrangements
would exceed $5 million;

(iv)
issue, sell, dispose of, or authorize or agree to the issuance, sale or disposition by HL or Newco of, any shares of, or any options,
warrants or rights of any kind to acquire any shares of, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of, its capital
stock of any class, or any other securities in respect of, in lieu of, or in substitution for any class of its capital stock outstanding
on the date hereof, except for issuances by HL or Newco to Hulu or Fubo contemplated by this Agreement;

(v)
(A) except for indebtedness that does not relate to the HL Business or the HL Business Assets, and for which the HL Subsidiaries are
not responsible or subject to any guarantees or Liens with respect thereto, incur, assume, guarantee, or become obligated following the
date of this Agreement with respect to any indebtedness for borrowed money (including capital leases as defined under GAAP), (B) pledge
or otherwise encumber shares of capital stock of any HL Subsidiary, (C) mortgage or pledge any of its material tangible or intangible
assets, or create or suffer to exist any Liens thereupon (other than currently existing Liens and Permitted Liens) or (D) except in the
ordinary course of business, fund or prepay any obligations to any Person, that are not due and payable until after Closing;

(vi)
hire or retain any individual as an employee or independent contractor or service provider of any HL Subsidiary or transfer the employment
or service of any employee or independent contractor or service provider of Hulu or its Affiliates into any HL Subsidiary;

(vii)
adopt, amend, enter into, or commence participation in or contributions to any Hulu Benefit Plan pursuant to which any HL Subsidiary
has, or could reasonably be expected to have, any Liability, contingent or otherwise;

(viii)
except as set forth in clause (ix) below or with respect to Hulu Material Contracts by and between Hulu and its Subsidiaries, on the
one hand, and another Hulu Related Party, on the other hand (which Contracts shall be subject to clause (xiv) below), (x) amend in any
material and adverse respect or terminate any Hulu Material Contract, other than in the ordinary course of business or (y) enter into
any agreement that would be a Hulu Material Contract if it had been in existence on the date hereof, other than Contracts (A) entered
into in the ordinary course of business or (B) that are required to be entered into by Contracts in effect as of the date of this Agreement
(it being understood that any renewal of any Hulu Material Contract with amendments to terms that (i) are (A) consistent with the terms
of any renewals entered into in the six (6) months immediately preceding the date of this Agreement or (B) are, in Hulus good
faith determination, more favorable to the HL Business in the aggregate, and (ii) would not be breached, violated, accelerated, or give
rise to events of default or termination or other adverse consequences as a result of the consummation of the Transactions shall be deemed
to be in the ordinary course of business);

57

(ix)
enter into any Carriage Agreement with (or renew any existing Carriage Agreement for) a term in excess of three years;

(x)
use any of the Marks that constitute HL Business Assets other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices
(including using such Marks in connection with any new product, service or offering initially made available after the date of this Agreement);

(xi)
re-brand or re-name the HL Business or the HL DMVPD Service or otherwise identify the HL Business in any manner inconsistent with past
practices;

(xii)
other than with respect to (A) Transaction Litigation, which shall be governed by Section 7.08, (B) any actual or threatened Action
or other claim arising out of or relating to a breach of this Agreement or any Contracts, other agreements or instruments contemplated
hereby or thereby or (C) customer claims in the ordinary course of business that have not resulted in litigation, with respect to any
Action exclusively related to the HL Business or the HL Business Assets, waive, release, assign, settle, compromise or otherwise resolve
any Action, excluding any such waiver, release, assignment, settlement or compromise that involves only the payment of monetary damages
by Hulu or any Affiliate of Hulu other than HL or Newco;

(xiii)
enter into any agreement, arrangement or commitment (other than renewals of any Contract in effect as of the date hereof on terms consistent
with such existing Contract or otherwise permitted by this Section 6.02(b)) that (A) materially limits or otherwise materially
restricts HL or Newco, or that would reasonably be expected to, after the Closing, materially limit or restrict HL or Newco or any successor
thereto, from engaging or competing in any line of business in which it is currently engaged or in any geographic area, or (B) imposes
minimum purchase, bundling, programming carrying or penetration or other similar requirements or obligations on the HL Business or HL
DMVPD Service that, following the Closing, would be binding upon Fubo OpCo and its Subsidiaries;

(xiv)
except in the ordinary course of business on arms length terms consistent with existing HL Contracts, enter into any new Contract
with an Hulu Related Party that would be binding upon the HL Business, Newco or its Subsidiaries following the Closing;

(xv)
adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization
of HL or Newco;

58

(xvi)
except in the ordinary course of business, take any action, or omit to take any action that would, or would reasonably be expected to,
result in the reversion, expiration or termination of any material rights held by Hulu or any of its Affiliates with respect to the HL
Business or the HL Business Assets;

(xvii)
(A) adopt or change any Tax or other material accounting method, principle, practice, or election, (B) settle or compromise any material
claim, notice, audit report or assessment in respect of a material amount of Taxes or (C) consent to any extension or waiver of the statute
of limitations period applicable to any material HL Asset Tax claim or assessment, if, in the case of each of clauses (A)-(C), such action
would affect HL Asset Taxes in any period following the HL Contribution; or

(xviii)
authorize, commit or agree to take any of the foregoing actions.

(c)
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give Fubo, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the business or operations
of Parent or Hulu prior to the Closing. Prior to the Closing, Parent and Hulu shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, complete control and supervision over their and their Subsidiaries respective businesses and operations.

ARTICLE
7

ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS

SECTION
7.01. Preparation of Proxy Statement; Fubo Shareholder Meeting.

(a)
As promptly as reasonably practicable after the execution of this Agreement, Fubo shall cause to be prepared and filed with the SEC the
Proxy Statement in preliminary form. Each of Parent and Hulu, on the one hand, and Fubo, on the other hand, shall obtain and furnish
the information concerning itself and its Affiliates required to be included in the Proxy Statement, and shall otherwise assist and cooperate
with each other in the preparation of the Proxy Statement and the resolution of any comments thereto received from the SEC. Subject to
Section 7.06, the Fubo Board shall make the Fubo Board Recommendation to Fubos shareholders and shall include such recommendation
in the Proxy Statement. If at any time prior to the Fubo Shareholder Meeting (or any adjournment thereof) either Parent, Hulu, or Fubo
discover any information relating to Parent, Hulu, Fubo or any of their respective Affiliates that should be set forth in an amendment
of, or a supplement to, the Proxy Statement so that the Proxy Statement does not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading,
then the party that discovers such information will notify the other parties as promptly as reasonably practicable and Fubo shall, with
the assistance and cooperation of Parent and Hulu, prepare an amendment of, or a supplement to, the Proxy Statement and disseminate such
amendment or supplement to Fubos shareholders. Fubo shall notify Hulu promptly upon the receipt of any written or oral comments
from the SEC and of any written or oral request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to the Proxy Statement and shall supply Hulu
with copies of all written correspondence, on the one hand, and the SEC, on the other hand, with respect to the Proxy Statement. Fubo
shall use its reasonable best efforts to respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to any comments received from the SEC concerning
the Proxy Statement and to resolve such comments with the SEC. Prior to the filing of the Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement
thereto) or any dissemination thereof to the shareholders of Fubo, or responding to any comments from the SEC with respect thereto, Fubo
shall (i) provide Hulu with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on such document or response, (ii) consider in good faith
inclusion of reasonable comments provided by Hulu with respect to such document or response and (iii) not file or mail such document
or respond to the SEC prior to receiving Hulus approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

59

(b)
As promptly as reasonably practicable after the resolution of any comments from the SEC with respect to the Proxy Statement (and in any
event within ten (10) Business Days after such time), Fubo shall, in accordance with the Fubo Articles of Incorporation and Fubo Bylaws,
applicable Law and the rules of the NYSE, (i) take all necessary actions to establish a record date for, duly call, give notice of, convene
and hold a special meeting of its shareholders (with such record date and meeting date to be selected after consultation with Hulu) for
the purpose of obtaining the Requisite Shareholder Approval (including any adjournment, recess, reconvening or postponement thereof,
the Fubo Shareholder Meeting) and (ii) disseminate the Proxy Statement to Fubos shareholders. Subject to
Section 7.06, Fubo shall use its reasonable best efforts to solicit from shareholders of Fubo proxies in favor of the Transactions
and to take all other actions necessary or advisable to obtain the Requisite Shareholder Approval. Fubo shall keep Hulu reasonably informed
on a reasonably current basis upon Hulus request of the status of its efforts to solicit the Requisite Shareholder Approval. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, Fubos obligations pursuant to the preceding sentences of this Section 7.01(b)
shall not be affected by (A) the commencement, public proposal, public disclosure or communication to Fubo of any Alternative Proposal
or (B) the withdrawal or modification by the Fubo Board of the Fubo Board Recommendation or the Fubo Boards approval of this Agreement
or the Transactions. Once the Fubo Shareholder Meeting has been called and noticed, Fubo shall not postpone or adjourn the Fubo Shareholder
Meeting without the consent of Hulu (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), other than (I) if Fubo
reasonably believes that, as of the time for which the Fubo Shareholder Meeting is originally scheduled (as set forth in the Proxy Statement),
(1) there will be an insufficient number of shares of Fubo Common Stock present (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum
necessary to conduct the business of the Fubo Shareholder Meeting or (2) there will be an insufficient number of proxies to obtain the
Requisite Shareholder Approval, then Fubo may postpone or adjourn the Fubo Shareholder Meeting without the consent of Hulu subject to
the proviso below, (II) to the extent necessary to allow reasonable additional time for the filing and mailing of any supplemental or
amended disclosure which the Fubo Board has determined in good faith after consultation with outside counsel is necessary under applicable
Law and for such supplemental or amended disclosure to be disseminated and reviewed by Fubos shareholders prior to the Fubo Shareholder
Meeting, or (III) to comply with applicable Law or to the extent required by a court of competent jurisdiction in connection with any
Action in connection with this Agreement or the Transactions; provided that (x) the Fubo Shareholder Meeting shall not be postponed
or adjourned by more than ten (10) Business Days at a time or, with respect to clause (I) above, to a date that is more than thirty (30)
days after the date on which the Fubo Shareholder Meeting was originally scheduled, in each case without the prior written consent of
Hulu (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and (y) in the event that the Fubo Shareholder Meeting is delayed
to a date after the Outside Date as a result of either clause (I) or (II) of this sentence, then Hulu may, in its sole discretion, extend
the Outside Date to the fifth (5th) Business Day after such date.

60

SECTION
7.02. Employee Benefit Matters.

(a)
For a period of twelve (12) months following the Closing Date, Hulu and Fubo shall cause Newco and its Subsidiaries to provide to each
employee of Fubo or any of its Subsidiaries, immediately prior to the Closing who remains in the employ of Newco or any of its Subsidiaries
after the Closing (each such individual, a Continuing Employee) (i) a level of base salary or hourly wages that
is no less favorable than the level of base salary or hourly wages provided to such Continuing Employee immediately prior to the Closing,
(ii) target short-term or annual cash incentive compensation opportunities (including, but not limited to, bonuses and commissions) that
are no less favorable than the target short-term or annual cash incentive opportunities (including, but not limited to, bonuses and commissions)
provided to such Continuing Employee immediately prior to the Closing, (iii) target long-term incentive compensation (including equity
compensation but excluding any special, one-time or other non-recurring grants) that is no less favorable than the target long-term incentive
compensation (including equity compensation, but excluding any special, one-time or other non-recurring grants) provided to such Continuing
Employee immediately prior to the Closing, (iv) severance payments and benefits that are no less favorable than those provided under
the Fubo Benefit Plans set forth on Section 4.11(a) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter as in effect immediately prior to the Closing
or, for any Continuing Employees who are not eligible for severance payments and benefits under the Fubo Benefit Plans as in effect immediately
prior to the Closing, severance payments and benefits no less favorable than the severance payments and benefits set forth on Section
7.02(a) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter, and (v) other employee benefits that are substantially comparable in the aggregate to the
employee benefits provided to such Continuing Employee immediately prior to the Closing.

(b)
From and after the Closing, Hulu and Fubo shall cause Newco and its Subsidiaries to honor all Fubo Benefit Plans in accordance with their
terms as in effect immediately prior to the Closing and shall cause any employee benefit plans and compensation arrangements established,
maintained or contributed to by Newco and its Subsidiaries that cover any of the Continuing Employees following the Closing (collectively,
the Newco Plans) to (i) recognize the pre-Closing service of participating Continuing Employees with Fubo and its
Subsidiaries for purposes of vesting and eligibility to participate, except to the extent such service credit would result in a duplication
of benefits for the same period, (ii) recognize the pre-Closing service of participating Continuing Employees with Fubo and its Subsidiaries
for purposes of benefit accrual and amounts of benefits and contributions (other than for benefit accrual purposes under a defined benefit
pension plan, an arrangement providing statutory required benefits or, except as required by a Collective Bargaining Agreement as in
effect on the date hereof or by applicable Law, an arrangement that, under applicable Law or Collective Bargaining Agreement, is exclusively
subject to collective negotiation or bargaining), except to the extent such service credit would result in a duplication of benefits
for the same period, (iii) waive any pre-existing condition limitations for participating Continuing Employees and (iv) provide credit
to each participating Continuing Employee under the applicable Newco Plan for amounts paid by such Continuing Employee prior to the Closing
during the year in which the Closing occurs under any analogous Fubo Benefit Plan during the same period for purposes of applying deductibles,
co-payments and out-of-pocket maximums as though such amounts had been paid in accordance with the terms of such Newco Plan; provided
that nothing herein shall limit the right of Fubo or Newco to amend or terminate such plans, arrangements and agreements in accordance
with their terms.

61

(c)
Hulu and Fubo shall cause Newco and its Subsidiaries to take the actions set forth on Section 7.02(c) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter.

(d)
No later than 10 days prior to the Closing, Hulu may, or may cause an Affiliate of Hulu to, make offers of employment to each Fubo Ad
Sales Employee, with employment with Hulu or an Affiliate of Hulu under such offers to commence on the Closing Date. Such offers shall
provide each Fubo Ad Sales Employee with (i) the same general location of employment as such Fubo Ad Sales Employees location
of employment as of immediately prior to the Closing (which, for this purpose, shall mean that the Fubo Ad Sales Employees location
of employment pursuant to such offer shall not be more than 50 miles from such Fubo Ad Sales Employees location of employment
as of immediately prior to the Closing); (ii) substantially similar duties, responsibilities and position as such Fubo Ad Sales Employees
duties, responsibilities and position as of immediately prior to the Closing (which, for this purpose, shall exclude any change to duties,
responsibilities or position due to Hulu or its Affiliates organizational or leadership structure as compared to that of Fubo
or the Fubo Subsidiaries); (iii) a level of base salary that is no less favorable than the level of base salary provided to such Fubo
Ad Sales Employee immediately prior to the Closing; (iv) total target incentive compensation that, in the aggregate, is no less favorable
to the total target incentive compensation provided to such Fubo Ad Sales Employee immediately prior to the Closing and (v) severance
payments and benefits under the severance plans of Hulu or its applicable Affiliate; provided, however, that each such
offer is subject to Hulus or its applicable Affiliates customary pre-employment/post-offer procedures and qualifications,
and neither Hulu nor its Affiliates shall be under any obligations to continue the employment of any such Fubo Ad Sales Employee for
any period of time. Hulu and its Affiliates shall comply with all applicable Laws in connection with any actions taken related to any
offers of employment to the Fubo Ad Sales Employees. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent
any Fubo Ad Sales Employee does not become employed by Hulu or an Affiliate of Hulu for any reason, whether due to not receiving or declining
an offer from Hulu or an Affiliate of Hulu or arising as a result of Hulu or its Affiliates failure to comply with the requirements
of this Section 7.02(d) (each such Fubo Ad Sales Employee who does not become employed by Hulu or an Affiliate of Hulu, a Non-Continuing
Fubo Ad Sales Employee), Fubo and its Subsidiaries may elect to terminate such Non-Continuing Fubo Ad Sales Employee. Solely
in the event of any such termination following a Non-Continuing Fubo Ad Sales Employee either (i) not receiving an offer from Hulu or
an Affiliate of Hulu or (ii) not receiving an offer from Hulu or an Affiliate of Hulu that complies with the requirements of this Section
7.02(d), then Hulu shall reimburse and indemnify and hold harmless Fubo and its Subsidiaries for and against any Liabilities with
respect to any termination or severance payments and benefits provided to such Non-Continuing Fubo Ad Sales Employee by Fubo or any of
its Subsidiaries (including severance payments and benefits consistent with Section 7.02(a) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter), and
any statutory or contractual severance and termination pay and benefits and any other notice, pay in lieu of notice, benefits or compensation
that is required to be paid or provided to such Non-Continuing Fubo Ad Sales Employee pursuant to any Fubo Benefit Plan or applicable
Law.

62

(e)
Following the Closing, Hulu and its Affiliates (other than any HL Subsidiary) shall retain sponsorship of, and shall retain and indemnify
and hold harmless Newco, HL, Fubo and their Subsidiaries against, all Liabilities under, the Hulu Benefit Plans.

(f)
Without limiting the generality of this Section 7.02, all provisions contained in this Agreement with respect to the Continuing
Employees are included for the sole benefit of Hulu and Fubo, and nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, shall create
any third party beneficiary or other rights (i) in any other Person, including any employees, former employees, any participant in any
Fubo Benefit Plan or other benefit plan or arrangement, or any dependent or beneficiary thereof, or (ii) to continued employment with
Fubo or any of its Subsidiaries. Nothing contained herein, whether express or implied, shall be treated as an amendment or other modification
of any Fubo Benefit Plan or other employee benefit plan or arrangement, or shall limit the right of Fubo or any of its Subsidiaries to
amend, terminate or otherwise modify any Fubo Benefit Plan or other employee benefit plan or arrangement following the Closing in accordance
with its terms.

SECTION
7.03. Tax Matters.

(a)
All stock transfer, real estate transfer, sales, use, documentary, stamp, recording and other similar Taxes (Transfer Taxes)
incurred in connection with the Transactions (other than the Hulu Reorganization and the Fubo Reorganization) shall be borne by Newco,
and Hulu and Fubo shall reasonably cooperate to minimize any applicable Transfer Taxes and to timely prepare and timely file any Tax
Returns relating to Transfer Taxes. Hulu shall be responsible for all Transfer Taxes incurred in connection with the Hulu Reorganization
and Fubo shall be responsible for all Transfer Taxes incurred in connection with the Fubo Reorganization.

(b)
Any and all existing Tax Sharing Agreements between Fubo and any of its Subsidiaries shall be terminated prior to the Closing and neither
Fubo nor any of its Subsidiaries shall have any further liability thereunder.

(c)
Any and all existing Tax Sharing Agreements between the HL Subsidiaries and any other Person shall be terminated prior to the Closing
and the HL Subsidiaries shall have no further liability thereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 7.03(c) shall not
apply to any of the Ancillary Agreements.

(d)
Neither Hulu nor Fubo shall knowingly take or omit to take any action (and shall cause their Affiliates not to knowingly take or omit
to take any action) if such action or failure to act would reasonably be expected to prevent or impede the Transactions from qualifying
for the Intended Tax Treatment, and Hulu and Fubo agree not to take (and to cause their Affiliates not to take) any Tax position inconsistent
with the Intended Tax Treatment unless otherwise required by a determination within the meaning of Section 1313 of the
Code (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign Law). Hulu and Fubo shall reasonably cooperate (and shall cause their Affiliates
to reasonably cooperate) with each other (i) to the extent reasonably required in connection with any Tax matters relating to the Transactions
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Hulu Reorganization and the Fubo Reorganization) and (ii) to minimize any income or gain
arising from any transactions undertaken in contemplation of the Transactions, including the matters set forth in Sections 6.01(b)(i)
and Section 6.01(b)(xviii) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter. For the avoidance of doubt, Hulu and Fubo acknowledge and agree
that their respective obligations to effect the Transactions are not subject to any condition or contingency with respect to the qualification
of the Transactions for the Intended Tax Treatment.

63

(e)
Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the Fubo Conversion is intended to qualify as a reorganization under the provisions
of Section 368(a) of the Code. This Agreement together with the Plan of Conversion is hereby adopted as a plan of reorganization within
the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.368-2(g).

(f)
Between the date hereof and the Closing Date, Fubo shall keep Parent reasonably informed with respect to the matters set forth in Section
7.03(f) of the Hulu Disclosure Letter.

SECTION
7.04. Financial Statements. Without limiting Parents and Hulus obligations under Section 7.01:

(a)
as promptly as reasonably practicable following the date hereof, Hulu shall deliver to Fubo, to the extent required to be included in
the Proxy Statement, audited financial statements reflecting the HL Business (inclusive of the HL Business Assets) and the services,
rights and obligations under the HL Transition Services Agreement, the HL Commercial Services Agreement, the Hulu Brand License Agreement
and any other applicable services, rights and obligations pursuant to Contracts or other agreements entered into in connection with the
Transactions, which financial statements shall include audited financial statements for the 2024, 2023 and 2022 fiscal years (containing
combined balance sheets as of September 30, 2023 and as of September 28, 2024 (the HL Balance Sheet) and combined
statements of income and cash flows for the fiscal years ended October 1, 2022, September 30, 2023 and September 28, 2024), prepared
in accordance with GAAP (except as permitted by rules and regulations of the SEC), together with all related notes and schedules thereto,
accompanied by an audit report of Parents auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (collectively, the HL Audited Financial
Statements); and

(b)
Parent and Hulu shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates and Representatives to, use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate
with Fubo and its Affiliates and Representative to prepare any other financial statements (including audited, unaudited and pro forma
financial statements as required by the SEC and applicable Law) required to be included in the Proxy Statement or to comply with the
rules and regulations of the SEC, including the requirements of Regulation S-X, and any applicable SEC interpretive guidance in respect
thereof, and provide and make reasonably available upon reasonable notice the applicable employees of Hulu to discuss the materials prepared
and delivered pursuant to this Section 7.04.

64

SECTION
7.05. Access; Confidentiality.

(a)
From the date hereof until the earlier of the Closing and the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article 9, and subject
to the requirements of applicable Laws, Fubo shall give to Hulu and its Representatives reasonable access during normal business hours
to the properties, books and records of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries, in each case, for the purpose of consummating the Transactions
and at Parents sole cost and expense, except that nothing herein shall require Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary to disclose any (i)
information that would give rise to a material risk of waiving the protection to Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary of an attorney-client privilege,
work product doctrine or other legal privilege, (ii) Contract to which Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries is a party or otherwise bound if
disclosing such Contract would violate or cause a default pursuant to, or give a third Person the right to terminate or accelerate any
rights pursuant to, such Contract, (iii) Trade Secrets or (iv) documents or information related to pricing or other matters that are
highly sensitive or competitive in nature. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event that Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary does not provide
information in reliance on the immediately preceding sentence, it shall provide notice to Hulu that it is withholding such information
and shall use its reasonable efforts to communicate, to the extent feasible, the applicable information in a way that would not risk
waiver of such privilege, including, in Fubos sole discretion, pursuant to customary clean-room or other appropriate
procedures. Any investigation pursuant to this Section 7.05(a) shall be conducted in such manner as not to (x) interfere unreasonably
with the conduct of the business of Fubo or the Fubo Subsidiaries or otherwise result in any significant interference with the prompt
and timely discharge by officers, employees and other authorized Representatives of Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries of their normal
duties or (y) create an unreasonable risk of damage or destruction to any property or assets of Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries.
Nothing in this Section 7.05(a) shall be construed to require Fubo, any of the Fubo Subsidiaries or any of their respective Representatives
to prepare any reports, analyses, appraisals, opinions or other information. Any access to the properties of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries
will be subject to Fubos reasonable security measures and insurance requirements and will not include the right to perform invasive
testing. All requests for access pursuant to this Section 7.05(a) must be directed to the Chief Legal Officer of Fubo, or another
person designated in writing by Fubo.

(b)
From the date hereof until the earlier of the Closing and the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article 9, and subject
to the requirements of applicable Laws, Hulu shall give to Fubo and its Representatives reasonable access during normal business hours
to the properties, books and records of Hulu and its Subsidiaries, in each case, as they pertain to the HL Business or the HL Business
Assets and for the purpose of consummating the Transactions and at Fubos sole cost and expense, except that nothing herein shall
require Hulu or any of its Affiliates to disclose any (i) information that would give rise to a material risk of waiving the protection
to Hulu or any of its Affiliates of an attorney-client privilege, work product doctrine or other legal privilege, (ii) Contract to which
Hulu or any of its Affiliates is a party or otherwise bound if disclosing such Contract would violate or cause a default pursuant to,
or give a third Person the right to terminate or accelerate any rights pursuant to, such Contract, (iii) Trade Secrets or (iv) documents
or information related to pricing or other matters that are highly sensitive or competitive in nature. Without limiting the foregoing,
in the event that Hulu or any of its Subsidiaries does not provide information in reliance on the immediately preceding sentence, it
shall provide notice to Fubo that it is withholding such information and shall use its reasonable efforts to communicate, to the extent
feasible, the applicable information in a way that would not risk waiver of such privilege, including, in Hulus sole discretion,
pursuant to customary clean-room or other appropriate procedures. Any investigation pursuant to this Section 7.05(b)
shall be conducted in such manner as not to (x) interfere unreasonably with the conduct of the business of Hulu or any of its Affiliates
or otherwise result in any significant interference with the prompt and timely discharge by officers, employees and other authorized
Representatives of Hulu or any of its Affiliates of their normal duties or (y) create an unreasonable risk of damage or destruction to
any property or assets of Hulu or any of its Affiliates. Nothing in this Section 7.05(b) shall be construed to require Hulu, any
of its Affiliates or any of their respective Representatives to prepare any reports, analyses, appraisals, opinions or other information.
Any access to the properties of Hulu and its Subsidiaries will be subject to Hulus reasonable security measures and insurance
requirements and will not include the right to perform invasive testing. All requests for access pursuant to this Section 7.06(b)
must be directed to the Chief Counsel of Hulu (with a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to the Deputy Chief Counsel of Hulu),
or another person designated in writing by Hulu.

65

(c)
Each of Hulu and Fubo acknowledges that the information provided to it and its Representatives in connection with this Agreement and
the Transactions is subject to the terms of (i) the Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement between Fubo and Parent, dated as of December 9,
2024 (as amended or modified from time to time, the Confidentiality Agreement) and (ii) the Clean Team Agreement.
The terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and the Clean Team Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference. The Confidentiality Agreement
and the Clean Team Agreement shall terminate at the Closing.

SECTION
7.06. No Solicitation; Other Offers.

(a)
Subject to Section 7.06(c), at all times during the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier
to occur of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article 9 and the Closing, Fubo shall not, and shall cause its directors,
officers and employees and instruct its other Representatives (in their capacities as such) not to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit,
initiate, knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate, any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or would reasonably be expected
to lead to an Alternative Proposal, (ii) furnish to any Person (other than Hulu or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective Representatives),
or any Representative thereof, any nonpublic information, or afford to any Person (other than Hulu or any of its Affiliates or any of
their respective Representatives) access to the business, properties, assets, books, records or other information, or to any personnel,
of Fubo or any of its Subsidiaries, in any such case in connection with, or with the intent to facilitate, the making, submission or
announcement of any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or would reasonably be expected to lead to an Alternative Proposal, (iii)
participate or engage in any discussions or negotiations with any Person, or any Representative thereof, with respect to any inquiry,
proposal or offer that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, an Alternative Proposal, except to (x) notify such Person
that the provisions of this Section 7.06 prohibit any such discussions or negotiations or (y) seek to clarify and understand the
terms and conditions of any inquiry, proposal or offer made by any Person solely to determine whether such inquiry, proposal or offer
constitutes or could reasonably be expected to lead to a Superior Proposal, (iv) enter into any merger agreement, purchase agreement,
letter of intent or similar agreement with respect to an Alternative Proposal (other than an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement entered
into pursuant to Section 7.06(c)), (v) approve any transaction under, or any third party becoming an interested shareholder
under Section 607.0901 of the FBCA or (vi) approve, authorize, agree or publicly announce any intention to do any of the foregoing. Subject
to Section 7.06(c), during the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier to occur of the
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article 9 and the Closing, Fubo shall, and shall cause its directors, officers and employees
and instruct its other Representatives (in their capacities as such) to, cease and cause to be terminated any and all discussions or
negotiations with any Person (other than Hulu or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective Representatives), or any Representative
thereof, conducted prior to the date of this Agreement with respect to any Alternative Proposal submitted as of, or prior to, the date
of this Agreement. Within twenty-four (24) hours after the date of this Agreement, Fubo will terminate access by any Person (other than
Hulu or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective Representatives) to any physical or electronic data room relating to a potential
Alternative Proposal (or prior discussions in respect of a potential Alternative Proposal) and request that each Person (other than Hulu
or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective Representatives) that has executed a confidentiality agreement (other than the Confidentiality
Agreement) during the twelve (12) months prior to the date hereof relating to a potential Alternative Proposal promptly return to Fubo
or destroy pursuant to the terms of such confidentiality agreement all documents and materials containing confidential information of
Fubo that has been furnished by Fubo or any of its Representatives to such Person or any of its Representatives; provided that Fubo or
the Fubo Board shall be permitted to grant a waiver of any standstill agreement with any Person solely to the extent required to permit
such Person to privately make an Alternative Proposal to the Fubo Board, in each case, if the Fubo Board determines in good faith, after
consultation with Fubos outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action would be reasonably expected to be inconsistent
with the Fubo Boards fiduciary duties under applicable Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Fubo acknowledges
and agrees that, in the event any officer, director or employee of Fubo or any of its Subsidiaries takes any action that, if taken by
Fubo, would be a breach of this Section 7.06, the taking of such action by such Person shall be deemed to constitute a breach
of this Section 7.06 by Fubo.

66

(b)
From the date of this Agreement until the earlier to occur of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article 9 and the
Closing, within twenty-four (24) hours following receipt of an Alternative Proposal, Fubo shall (i) provide Hulu with written notice
of such Alternative Proposal and (ii) communicate to Hulu the material terms and conditions of such Alternative Proposal (including any
subsequent amendment thereto) and the identity of the Person making such Alternative Proposal. Fubo shall keep Hulu reasonably informed
on a reasonably prompt basis with respect to the status of any discussions or negotiations regarding, and of any changes to the material
terms and conditions of, any such Alternative Proposal, and shall, within twenty-four (24) hours of receipt or delivery thereof, provide
Hulu with the material terms or conditions of any such proposals and any proposed transaction agreements (including all schedules, exhibits
and attachments thereto) relating to any such Alternative Proposal and any financing commitments relating thereto.

(c)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 7.06 or elsewhere in this Agreement, if at any time prior to
receipt of the Requisite Shareholder Approval Fubo or any of its Representatives has received a bona fide, written Alternative Proposal
from any Person or group of Persons that did not result from a breach of this Section 7.06 and the Fubo Board determines in good
faith, after consultation with Fubos financial advisor(s) and outside legal counsel, that such Alternative Proposal constitutes
or could reasonably be expected to lead to a Superior Proposal and, after consultation with Fubos outside legal counsel, that
the failure to take such action described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) below would be reasonably expected to be inconsistent with the
Fubo Boards fiduciary duties under applicable Law, then Fubo and any of its Representatives may (i) enter into an Acceptable Confidentiality
Agreement with such Person or group of Persons (provided that Fubo shall substantially concurrently provide to Hulu a copy of such Acceptable
Confidentiality Agreement), (ii) furnish information with respect to Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries or provide access to the officers,
employees, offices, properties, Contracts, books and records of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries to the Person or group of Persons making
such Alternative Proposal (provided that (x) Fubo shall substantially concurrently provide or make available to Hulu any information
concerning Fubo that is provided to such Person or group of Persons and which was not previously provided or made available to Hulu and
(y) Fubo shall have entered into an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement with such Person or group of Persons), (iii) participate and
engage in discussions or negotiations with the Person or group of Persons making such Alternative Proposal regarding such Alternative
Proposal, including to clarify the terms and conditions of such Alternative Proposal and (iv) otherwise facilitate such Alternative Proposal
or assist such Person or group of Persons making such Alternative Proposal (and its Representatives and financing sources) with such
Alternative Proposal. Within twenty-four (24) hours of such determination of the Fubo Board, Fubo shall provide written notice to Hulu
of such determination of the Fubo Board made pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
set forth in this Agreement, Fubo shall be permitted to terminate, amend or otherwise modify, waive or fail to enforce, on a confidential
and non-public basis, any provision of any confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement solely to the extent that such
provision prohibits or purports to prohibit a confidential proposal being made to the Fubo Board.

67

(d)
Subject to Section 7.06(b), neither the Fubo Board nor any committee thereof shall (i) withdraw, amend, modify or qualify the
Fubo Board Recommendation in a manner adverse to Hulu, (ii) publicly approve or recommend an Alternative Proposal, (iii) fail to include
the Fubo Board Recommendation in the Proxy Statement when disseminated to the shareholders of Fubo, (iv) if any Alternative Proposal
is structured as a tender offer or exchange offer for the outstanding shares of Fubo Common Stock is commenced pursuant to Rule 14d-2
under the Exchange Act (other than by Hulu or an Affiliate of Hulu), fail to recommend, within ten (10) Business Days after such commencement,
against acceptance by the shareholders of Fubo of such tender offer or exchange offer or (v) publicly propose to do any of the foregoing
(each of clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v), a Fubo Board Recommendation Change); provided, however,
that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, a stop, look and listen communication by the Fubo Board or any committee
thereof to the shareholders of Fubo pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) of the Exchange Act, any action contemplated by Section 7.06(f)(i)
or any substantially similar communication to either of the foregoing, shall not be deemed to be a Fubo Board Recommendation Change or
otherwise be prohibited under the terms of this Agreement. Parent and Hulu understand and agree that, for purposes of this Agreement,
a factually accurate public statement by Fubo or the Fubo Board (or a committee thereof), to the extent required by Law, that solely
describes Fubos receipt of an Alternative Proposal, the identity of the Person making such Alternative Proposal, and the material
terms of such Alternative Proposal will not, in and of itself, be deemed to be (A) a withdrawal, amendment, modification, or qualification
or proposal by the Fubo Board (or a committee thereof) to withdraw, amend, modify, or qualify the Fubo Board Recommendation; (B) an adoption,
approval or recommendation with respect to such Alternative Proposal or (C) a Fubo Board Recommendation Change.

(e)
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, at any time prior to receipt of the Requisite
Shareholder Approval, the Fubo Board may (i) in response to (x) the receipt of a bona fide, written Alternative Proposal received after
the date hereof that did not result from a material breach of this Section 7.06 or (y) the occurrence of an Intervening Event,
effect a Fubo Board Recommendation Change, or (ii) in response to a bona fide, written Alternative Proposal received after the date hereof
that did not result from a material breach of this Section 7.06, enter into a definitive agreement implementing such applicable
Alternative Proposal and terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.03(b), provided that (A) the Fubo Board determines
in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal counsel) that the failure to take such action would be reasonably expected to
be inconsistent with the directors fiduciary duties under applicable Law, (B) in the case of receipt of an Alternative Proposal,
the Fubo Board determines in good faith (after consultation with Fubos financial advisor(s) and outside legal counsel) that such
Alternative Proposal constitutes a Superior Proposal or, in the case of an Intervening Event, that an Intervening Event has occurred,
(C) Fubo provides written notice to Hulu at least three (3) Business Days prior to effecting a Fubo Board Recommendation Change or terminating
this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.03(b) of its intent to take such action (a Change of Recommendation Notice),
(D) prior to effecting such Fubo Board Recommendation Change or terminating this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.03(b), Fubo shall,
and shall cause its Representatives to, be reasonably available to negotiate with Hulu in good faith (to the extent Hulu desires to negotiate)
during such three (3) Business Day period to make such adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement as would obviate the
basis for a Fubo Board Recommendation Change or the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.03(b) and (E) no earlier
than the end of such three (3) Business Day period, the Fubo Board determines in good faith (after consultation with Fubos outside
legal counsel), after considering any amendments to the terms and conditions of this Agreement proposed by Hulu in a binding written
offer irrevocably made by Hulu, that the failure to take such action would be reasonably expected to be inconsistent with the directors
fiduciary duties under applicable Law (and, in the case of receipt of such Alternative Proposal, after consultation with Fubos
financial advisor(s) and outside legal counsel, that such Alternative Proposal continues to constitute a Superior Proposal). Following
delivery of a Change of Recommendation Notice in the case of (x) the receipt of a Superior Proposal, in the event of any change to the
financial terms (including any change to the amount or form of consideration payable) or other revision to the terms or conditions of
such Alternative Proposal or (y) the occurrence of an Intervening Event, in the event of any change with respect to such Intervening
Event, Fubo shall provide a new Change of Recommendation Notice to Hulu, and any Fubo Board Recommendation Change or termination of this
Agreement pursuant to Section 9.03(b) following delivery of such new Change of Recommendation Notice shall again be subject to
clause (C) and clause (D) of the immediately preceding sentence for a period of two (2) Business Days.

68

(f)
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit Fubo or the Fubo Board from (i) taking and
disclosing to the shareholders of Fubo a position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) under the Exchange Act or complying with the provisions
of Rule 14d-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act; (ii) making any stop, look and listen disclosure to the shareholders
of Fubo pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act (or any similar communication); or (iii) making any disclosure to
the shareholders of Fubo that the Fubo Board has determined in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal counsel) that the
failure to make such disclosure would be reasonably expected to be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable Law; provided
that nothing in the foregoing will be deemed to permit the Fubo Board to effect a Fubo Board Recommendation Change other than in
accordance with Section 7.06(e).

SECTION
7.07. Reasonable Best Efforts; Filings, etc..

(a)
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, including the limitations set forth in Section 7.07(d) and Section
7.07(e), each of the parties hereto shall, and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to, use its reasonable best efforts (subject
to, and in accordance with, applicable Law) to take promptly, or to cause to be taken, all actions, and to do promptly, or to cause to
be done, and to assist and to cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Laws
to consummate and make effective the Transactions, including (i) the obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions, waivers, authorizations,
expirations or terminations of waiting periods, clearances, consents and approvals from Governmental Entities prior to the Outside Date,
and the making of all necessary registrations and filings and the taking of all steps as may be necessary to obtain an approval or waiver
from, or to avoid an action or proceeding by, any Governmental Entity, (ii) the obtaining of all necessary consents, approvals or waivers
from third parties prior to the Outside Date, (iii) the defending of any lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or administrative,
challenging this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) the execution and delivery of any additional
instruments reasonably necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby prior to the Outside Date.

(b)
Subject to Section 7.07(c) and the other terms and conditions herein provided and without limiting the foregoing, Fubo and Hulu
shall (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to):

(i)
make their respective required filings under the HSR Act within ten (10) Business Days and under the foreign Regulatory Laws set forth
on Section 5.02(c) of the Hulu Disclosure Letter as promptly as practicable; without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
each party shall use its reasonable best efforts to respond to and comply as practicable with any reasonable request for information
regarding the Transactions or any such filings for any Governmental Entity charged with enforcing, applying, administering, or investigating
any Regulatory Law;

(ii)
promptly notify each other of any communication concerning this Agreement or the Transactions to that party from any Governmental Entity,
it being understood that correspondence, filings and communications received from any Governmental Entity shall be promptly provided
to the other party upon receipt, subject in appropriate cases to appropriate confidentiality agreements to limit disclosure to outside
lawyers and consultants;

69

(iii)
not participate or agree to participate in any meeting or substantive discussion (including any discussion relating to the antitrust
merits, any potential remedies, commitments or undertakings, the timing of any waivers, consents, approvals, permits, orders or authorizations,
and any agreement regarding the timing of consummation of the Transactions) with any Governmental Entity relating to any filings or investigation
concerning this Agreement or the Transactions unless it consults with the other party and its Representatives in advance and invites
the other partys Representatives to attend, subject in appropriate cases to appropriate confidentiality agreements to limit disclosure
to outside lawyers and consultants, unless the Governmental Entity prohibits such attendance; provided, however, that the
requirements of this Section 7.07(b)(iii) shall not apply to any meeting or substantive discussion between Hulu or its Representatives,
on the one hand, and any Governmental Entity, on the other hand, to the extent that both (1) such a meeting or discussion relates to
the sale or disposal of a Hulu business to the extent that it is not required by a Governmental Entity as part of a potential remedy,
commitment or undertaking, and (2) Hulu has sought Fubos consent to a waiver of the requirements of this Section 7.07(b)(iii),
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed;

(iv)
promptly furnish the other party, subject in appropriate cases to appropriate confidentiality agreements to limit disclosure to outside
lawyers and consultants, with draft copies prior to submission to a Governmental Entity, with reasonable time and opportunity to comment
and consult, of all correspondence, filings and communications (and memoranda setting forth the substance thereof) that they, their Affiliates
or their respective Representatives intend to submit to any Governmental Entity;

(v)
promptly furnish the other party, subject in appropriate cases to appropriate confidentiality agreements to limit disclosure to outside
lawyers and consultants, with such necessary information and reasonable assistance as such other party and its Affiliates may reasonably
request in connection with their preparation of necessary filings, registrations or submissions of information to any Governmental Entity,
including, without limitation, any filings necessary or appropriate under the provisions of Regulatory Laws; and

(vi)
deliver to the other partys outside counsel complete copies of all documents furnished to any Governmental Entity as part of any
filing, subject to appropriate confidentiality agreements.

(c)
Hulu and Fubo shall jointly direct the antitrust defense of the Transactions in any investigation or litigation by, or negotiations with,
any Governmental Entity or other Person relating to the Transactions or regulatory filings under applicable Regulatory Laws, subject
to the provisions of Section 7.07(a), Section 7.07(b), Section 7.07(d) and Section 7.07(e).

(d)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to, and the use of reasonable best
efforts under this Section 7.07 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall not, require Fubo, Hulu or any HL Subsidiary to (i)(A) agree
to, or proffer to, sell, divest, license or hold separate any rights, equity interests or other assets or any portion of any business
of Hulu, the HL Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates or (B) agree to, or proffer to, other restrictions or limitations
on any business, operations, assets, properties or contractual freedoms of any businesses or operations of Hulu, the HL Subsidiaries,
Fubo or its Subsidiaries, Newco or their respective Affiliates, or (ii) agree to, or proffer to, sell, divest, license or hold separate
any rights, equity interests or other assets or any portion of any business of Fubo or its Subsidiaries. Neither Hulu nor Fubo shall
(or shall permit any of its Subsidiaries to), agree or proffer to take any of such actions without the prior written consent of the other
parties to this Agreement.

70

(e)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to, and the use of reasonable best
efforts under this Section 7.07 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall not, require Fubo or any Fubo Subsidiary to (i)(A) agree
to, or proffer to, sell, divest, license or hold separate any rights in any carriage Contract or any other similar Contract relating
to the retransmission, distribution, carriage, display or broadcast of any programming service, channel or network or (B) agree to, or
proffer to, other restrictions or limitations on any business, operations, assets, properties or contractual freedoms of any businesses
or operations of Fubo, the Fubo Subsidiaries, Newco or their respective Affiliates, in each case, unless such restriction or limitation
is conditioned upon the Closing.

(f)
For purposes of this Agreement, Regulatory Laws means the Sherman Act, as amended, the Clayton Act, as amended,
the HSR Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended, and all other federal, state or foreign statutes, rules, regulations, orders,
decrees, administrative and judicial doctrines and other applicable Laws, including any antitrust, competition or trade regulation laws,
that are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict or regulate actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of
trade or lessening competition through merger or acquisition or any Laws with respect to foreign investment.

(g)
Parent and Hulu shall be solely responsible for and pay all filing fees payable to any Governmental Entity relating to the Transactions
or regulatory filings under applicable Regulatory Laws.

SECTION
7.08. Transaction Litigation. Fubo shall provide Hulu with prompt written notice of any shareholders demands, litigations, arbitrations
or other similar actions (including derivative claims) commencing against Fubo, any Fubo Subsidiary or any of their respective directors
or officers relating to this Agreement, the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby (collectively, Transaction
Litigation) and shall keep Hulu reasonably and promptly informed with respect to the status thereof. Subject to the execution
of a customary joint defense agreement, Fubo shall (i) give Hulu the opportunity to participate in (but not control) the defense, settlement
or prosecution of any Transaction Litigation, (ii) consult in good faith with Hulu on a regular basis with respect to such defense, settlement
and prosecution of any Transaction Litigation and (iii) consider in good faith Hulus advice with respect to any Transaction Litigation.
Fubo shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to not, compromise, settle or come to an arrangement regarding, or agree to compromise,
settle or come to an arrangement regarding, any Transaction Litigation without Hulus written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed). For the avoidance of doubt, neither Parent nor Hulu shall be afforded any decision-making power or other authority
over Transaction Litigation prior to the Closing except for the settlement or compromise consent set forth in the previous sentence.

71

SECTION
7.09. Public Statements. Fubo and Hulu shall consult with each other prior to issuing, and provide each other with the opportunity
to review and comment upon, any public announcement, statement or other disclosure with respect to this Agreement or the Transactions
(including any disclosure announcing this Agreement or the Transactions) and shall not issue any such public announcement or statement,
including broad-based employee communications, prior to such consultation, except as may be required by applicable Law or any listing
agreement with a national securities exchange or trading market; provided, however, that each of Fubo and Hulu may make,
without consultation, (i) public statements or statements solely directed to employees, suppliers, customers, partners or vendors that
are substantially similar to information relating to the Transactions or this Agreement that has been previously announced or made public
on or after the date hereof in accordance with this Agreement and do not reveal material, nonpublic information regarding Fubo or Parent
or their respective Subsidiaries and (ii) public statements related to a Superior Proposal, Intervening Event or Fubo Board Recommendation
Change; provided, further, that nothing in this Section 7.09 shall be understood to alter the rights and obligations
of Fubo, Hulu and their respective Affiliates under the Settlement Agreement regarding public announcements, statements or other disclosures.

SECTION
7.10. Efforts. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use its commercially
reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, in good faith, all actions that are necessary, proper or advisable under applicable
Law, to consummate the Transactions, including using its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain as promptly as reasonably practicable
following the date of this Agreement all material consents, approvals or waivers from third parties that are necessary to consummate
the Transactions; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any failure to obtain a consent, approval or waiver from a third
party shall not constitute a failure of any of the conditions set forth in Section 8.02(b) or 8.03(b) to be satisfied on
the Closing Date and none of Hulu, Fubo or any of their respective Affiliates shall be required to agree to (a) the payment of a consent
fee, profit sharing payment or other consideration (including increased or accelerated payments), (b) the provision of
additional security (including a guarantee), or (c) otherwise make any accommodation or commitment or incur any liability or obligation
to any third party in connection with obtaining any consent.

SECTION
7.11. Reorganizations and Related Matters.

(a)
Fubo Reorganization. Prior to the Closing, Fubo shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, perform the actions set forth in the
restructuring plan attached hereto as Annex 7.11(a) (the Fubo Reorganization) and, as part of the Fubo Reorganization,
Fubo will, pursuant to and in accordance with the Fubo Reorganization Documents, (i) form Fubo OpCo, by filing a Certificate of Formation
with the DSOS in accordance with the DLLCA and (ii) contribute the entirety of Fubos business (except as set forth in Section
7.11(b) (solely with respect to Molotov)) to either Fubo OpCo prior to the Closing or to Newco at the Closing. Following the date
hereof and prior to the Closing, Fubo shall be permitted to modify the actions required in connection with the Fubo Reorganization only
with the prior written consent of Hulu (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Upon Hulus reasonable
request, Fubo shall provide, in a reasonable level of detail, updates to Hulu on the status of implementation or completion of any actions
taken pursuant to the Fubo Reorganization, including actions described in the Fubo Reorganization Documents.

72

(b)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, this Agreement shall not constitute a binding agreement to effectuate and accept
the contribution and transfer of Molotov SAS, a wholly owned French subsidiary of Fubo (Molotov), as part of the
business of Fubo subject to the Fubo Reorganization and subsequent Fubo Contribution; provided, however, that, if and when
the exercise of the French Put Option occurs in accordance with its terms, as from such exercise, Molotov shall be deemed part of the
business of Fubo to be included in the Fubo Reorganization and the Fubo Contribution pursuant to, and as contemplated by, this Agreement
and shall be subject to all provisions of this Agreement as they relate to the Fubo Subsidiaries. In particular, as from the exercise
of the French Put Option pursuant to its terms, the equity interests or assets of Molotov shall be, to the extent consistent with Annex
7.11(a), part of the equity interests or assets to be contributed by Fubo to Fubo OpCo as part of the Fubo Reorganization and part
of the equity interests or assets to be, directly or indirectly, contributed by Fubo to Newco in the Fubo Contribution, which is hereby
expressly acknowledged and accepted by Hulu.

(c)
Hulu Reorganization. Prior to the Closing, Hulu shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, pursuant to and in accordance with
the Hulu Reorganization Documents and in a manner consistent with the Intended Tax Treatment, (i) form HL as a direct wholly owned subsidiary
of Hulu, by filing a Certificate of Formation with the DSOS in accordance with the DLLCA, (ii) assign, transfer, convey and deliver,
and cause its Subsidiaries to assign, transfer, convey and deliver, to HL, and cause HL to accept from Hulu or such Subsidiaries, all
of Hulus or such Subsidiarys right, title and interest in, to and under the HL Business Assets, free and clear of all Liens,
other than Permitted Liens, (iii) cause HL to assume only the HL Business Liabilities, (iv) form Newco as a direct wholly owned subsidiary
of Hulu, by filing a Certificate of Formation with the DSOS in accordance with the DLLCA and (v) effect the HL Subscriber Contract Terms
Update (collectively, the Hulu Reorganization). Following the date hereof and prior to the Closing, Hulu shall be
permitted to modify the actions required in connection with the Hulu Reorganization only with the prior written consent of Fubo (such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Upon Fubos reasonable request, Hulu shall provide, in a reasonable
level of detail, updates to Fubo on the status of implementation or completion of any actions taken pursuant to the Hulu Reorganization,
including all actions described in the Hulu Reorganization Documents.

(d)
HL Subscriber Contract Terms Update. At least thirty (30) days prior to the Closing, Hulu shall notify subscribers to the HL DMVPD
Service of, and solicit such subscribers consent to, an amendment to the terms and conditions of the HL Subscriber Contract in
accordance with the procedures set forth therein. The amendment (such amendment, the HL Subscriber Contract Terms Update)
shall provide that, following the effectiveness of such amendment, such HL Subscriber Contract shall be binding as between HL and the
applicable subscriber with respect to the provisions of the HL Subscriber Contract applicable to HL DMVPD Service, which provisions (and
the specific rights, obligations and ownership of HL with respect thereto) shall be mutually agreed in good faith between Hulu and Fubo
prior to the initiation of such amendment process (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), and shall
reasonably reflect the ownership rights of HL in such HL Subscriber Contracts and the Subscriber Data (subject to the terms and conditions
of Annex 7.14(a)(iii)) as otherwise reflected in this Agreement and Annex 7.14(a)(iii) hereto.

73

(e)
Newco and HL. Hulu shall cause each of Newco and HL to take any action required by this Agreement to be taken by Newco or HL,
as applicable, from the date of its formation through the Closing. Prior to the Closing, Hulu will cause each of Newco and HL not to
undertake any activity or incur, directly or indirectly, any obligations or liabilities of any type or kind whatsoever, except for activities
reasonably necessary to consummate the Transactions or incidental to its formation.

(f)
Reorganization Documents. In furtherance of the assignment, transfer, conveyance and delivery of the HL Business Assets and HL
Business Liabilities, in each case as specified in Article 2, prior to the Closing:

(i)
Hulu shall, and shall cause its applicable Subsidiaries to, execute and deliver any bills of sale, deeds, assignments and assumptions,
leases, subleases, stock powers, certificates of title and other instruments of transfer, conveyance and assignment (including supplemental
Transfer Tax forms, if applicable) (collectively, the Hulu Reorganization Documents) as and to the extent necessary
to give effect to and evidence HL Contribution and the transfer, conveyance, assignment and delivery of Hulus and its Affiliates
rights, title and interest in and to the HL Business Assets to the HL Subsidiaries, to form the HL Subsidiaries and to consummate the
Hulu Reorganization (it being understood that the terms of the Hulu Reorganization Documents shall be reasonably acceptable to Fubo and
shall be consistent with Annex 7.14(a)(i) through 7.14(a)(iv)), and

(ii)
Fubo shall, and shall cause its applicable Subsidiaries to, execute and deliver any bills of sale, deeds, assignments and assumptions,
leases, subleases, stock powers, certificates of title and other instruments of transfer, conveyance and assignment (including supplemental
Transfer Tax forms, if applicable) (collectively, the Fubo Reorganization Documents and, together with the Hulu
Reorganization Documents, the Reorganization Documents) as and to the extent necessary to give effect to and evidence
the Fubo Contribution, to form Fubo OpCo and to consummate the Fubo Reorganization (it being understood that the terms of the Fubo Reorganization
Documents shall be reasonably acceptable to Hulu and shall be consistent with Annex 7.14(a)(i) through 7.14(a)(iv)).

74

SECTION
7.12. Wrong Pockets.

(a)
If, at any time after the Closing and prior to the five-year anniversary thereof, Parent or any of its Affiliates (i) receives any funds
(including any reimbursement, refund or other amount relating to any claim in respect of workers compensation, litigation, insurance
or otherwise) arising from any HL Business Asset, (ii) owns or is in possession of any HL Business Asset, or (iii) remains subject to
any HL Business Liabilities or any HL Business Liabilities were not assumed by an HL Subsidiary prior to the Closing, then Parent shall
promptly transfer or assign, or cause its applicable Affiliate to transfer or assign, such funds, HL Business Assets, or HL Business
Liabilities to Newco or its designated Affiliate (and Newco or its designated Affiliate shall accept any such funds, HL Business Assets
and irrevocably assume any such HL Business Liabilities), for no additional consideration. Until the earlier of (i) the date on which
such transfer is effected and (ii) the five-year anniversary of the Closing, Parent shall, or shall cause its applicable Affiliate to,
preserve the value of, and hold in trust for the use and benefit of Newco or its designated Affiliate, such funds or HL Business Assets
and provide to Newco or its designated Affiliate all of the benefits arising from such funds or HL Business Assets and otherwise cause
such funds or HL Business Assets to be used as reasonably instructed by Newco or its designated Affiliate.

(b)
If, at any time after the Closing and prior to the five-year anniversary thereof, Newco or any of its Subsidiaries (i) receives any funds
(including any reimbursement, refund or other amount relating to any claim in respect of workers compensation, litigation, insurance
or otherwise) arising from the Parent Retained Business (excluding any funds to which Newco or any of its Subsidiaries is entitled pursuant
to this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement) or (ii) remains subject to any Parent Retained Liabilities or any Parent Retained Liabilities
were not retained by Parent or any of its Affiliates (other than the HL Subsidiaries or any Subsidiaries of Newco), then Newco shall
promptly transfer or assign, or cause its applicable Subsidiary to transfer or assign, such funds or Parent Retained Liabilities to Parent
or its designated Affiliate (and Parent or its designated Affiliate shall accept any such funds and irrevocably assume any such Parent
Retained Liabilities), for no additional consideration. Until the earlier of (i) the date on which such transfer is effected and (ii)
the five-year anniversary of the Closing, Newco shall, or shall cause its applicable Subsidiary to, preserve the value of, and hold in
trust for the use and benefit of Parent or its designated Affiliate, such funds and provide to Parent or its designated Affiliate all
of the benefits arising from such funds and otherwise cause such funds to be used as reasonably instructed by Parent or its designated
Affiliate.

(c)
Notwithstanding anything in this Section 7.12 to the contrary, this Section 7.12 shall not apply to Taxes, other than Parent
Retained Tax Liabilities; provided that, if, at any time after the Closing, Newco or any of its Subsidiaries receives any refund
of Taxes attributable to Parent Retained Tax Liabilities, Newco shall promptly transfer or assign, or cause its applicable Subsidiary
to transfer or assign, such refund to Parent or its designated Affiliate.

SECTION
7.13. Fubo Board of Directors; HL Subsidiaries.

(a)
Prior to the Closing, Fubo shall take all action necessary to cause the Fubo Board, effective as of the Closing, to consist of nine (9)
members comprised of (a) five (5) directors, including the chairman of the Board of Directors, designated by Hulu no later than ten (10)
Business Days prior to the Closing, (b) the Chief Executive Officer of Fubo immediately prior to the Closing, and (c) three (3) directors
that are independent for purposes of the NYSEs listing rules, two (2) of whom shall be designated by Fubo, and reasonably acceptable
to Hulu and one (1) of whom shall be designated by Hulu, in each case no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing. In furtherance
of the foregoing, Fubo shall use reasonable best efforts to cause, at Hulus request, any directors of Fubo prior to the Closing
to execute and deliver a letter in a form reasonably acceptable to Fubo (each, a Resignation Letter) effectuating
each such directors resignation as a director of Fubo, effective as of the Closing.

75

(b)
Prior to the Closing, Hulu shall take all action necessary to appoint the persons set forth on Section 7.13 of the Hulu Disclosure Letter
as the officers of each HL Subsidiary. In furtherance of the foregoing, Hulu shall use reasonable best efforts to cause the officers
of each HL Subsidiary prior to the Closing to execute and deliver a letter effectuating each such officers resignation as an officer
of such HL Subsidiary, effective as of the Closing.

SECTION
7.14. Certain Agreements.

(a)
Between the date hereof and the Closing, Parent, Fubo and Hulu shall each use reasonable best efforts to finalize and enter into, or
cause its applicable Affiliate to enter into, effective as of the Closing, the following agreements on terms and conditions consistent
with the applicable term sheet or annex referenced below and such other terms and conditions as are mutually agreed among the parties
thereto:

(i)
the tax receivables agreement (the Tax Receivables Agreement) reflecting the terms and conditions of the Tax Receivables
Agreement set forth in the term sheet attached hereto as Annex 7.14(a)(i);

(ii)
the registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) reflecting the terms and conditions set forth
in the term sheet attached hereto as Annex 7.14(a)(ii);

(iii)
(i) the HL transition services agreement (the HL Transition Services Agreement) reflecting the terms and conditions
of the HL Transition Services Agreement set forth in the term sheet attached hereto as Annex 7.14(a)(iii), (ii) the HL commercial
services agreement (the HL Commercial Services Agreement) reflecting the terms and conditions of the HL Commercial
Services Agreement set forth in the term sheet attached hereto as Annex 7.14(a)(iii) and (iii) the Hulu brand license agreement
(the Hulu Brand License Agreement) reflecting the terms and conditions of the Hulu Brand License Agreement set forth
in the term sheet attached hereto as Annex 7.14(a)(iii); and

(iv)
(i) the Newco Operating Agreement reflecting the terms and conditions related to (A) the tax provisions of the Newco Operating Agreement
set forth in the term sheet attached hereto as Annex 7.14(a)(iv) and (B) the corporate governance provisions of the Newco Operating
Agreement set forth in the term sheet attached hereto as Annex 7.14(a)(iv) and (ii) the Stockholders Agreement reflecting the
terms and conditions of the Stockholders Agreement set forth in the term sheet attached hereto as Annex 7.14(a)(iv).

(b)
As promptly as practicable after the date hereof, and in any event prior to the filing and mailing of the Proxy Statement pursuant to
Section 7.01, Parent, Fubo and Hulu shall each use reasonable best efforts to finalize forms of the Plan of Conversion, the Florida
Articles of Conversion, the Delaware Certificate of Conversion, the Certificate of Incorporation of Fubo and the Bylaws of Fubo, in each
case, on terms and conditions consistent with this Agreement, Annex 7.14(a)(iv) and such other terms and conditions as are mutually
agreed among the parties.

76

SECTION
7.15. Anti-Takeover Statutes. Fubo and the Fubo Board shall, and shall cause the Fubo Subsidiaries to, (a) grant such approvals
and take all actions necessary so that no business combination, affiliated transactions, control share
acquisition, or any other moratorium, control-share, fair price, interested shareholder
or takeover or similar Laws become applicable to this Agreement or the Transactions and (b) if any such anti-takeover or similar Law
becomes applicable to this Agreement or the Transactions, grant such approvals and take all actions necessary so that the Transactions
may be consummated as promptly as practicable and otherwise to take all such other actions as are reasonably necessary to eliminate or
minimize to the greatest extent possible the effects of any such Law on the Transactions, including, if necessary, challenging the validity
or applicability thereof.

SECTION
7.16. Records.

(a)
During the two-year period following the Closing, and subject to the requirements of applicable Laws, Hulu shall (i) give to Fubo and
its Representatives reasonable access during normal business hours to the officers, employees, offices, properties, books and records
of Hulu and its Subsidiaries, (ii) furnish to Fubo and its Representatives such financial and operating data and other information concerning
Hulus business, personnel, assets, liabilities and properties as Fubo may reasonably request and (iii) instruct its Subsidiaries
Representatives to cooperate reasonably with Fubo in its investigation of Hulu and its Subsidiaries, in each case, relating to the HL
Subsidiaries, the HL Business or the HL Business Assets for periods prior to the Closing as is reasonably necessary (A) for financial
reporting and accounting matters, (B) to facilitate the investigation, litigation, settlement and final disposition of any claims that
may have been or may be made by or against Fubo, Newco or any of their respective Affiliates (excluding any claims made by F, Newco or
their respective Affiliates against Parent or its Affiliates) or (C) in connection with any investigation by any Governmental Entity,
except that nothing herein shall require Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to disclose any information that would waive the protection
to Hulu or any of its Affiliates of an attorney-client privilege, work product doctrine or other legal privilege. Without limiting the
foregoing, in the event that Hulu or any of its Subsidiaries does not provide information in reliance on the immediately preceding sentence,
it shall provide notice to Fubo or Newco, as applicable, that it is withholding such information and shall use its reasonable efforts
to communicate, to the extent feasible, the applicable information in a way that would not risk waiver of such privilege. Any investigation
pursuant to this Section 7.16 shall be conducted in such manner as not to interfere unreasonably with the conduct of the business
of Hulu or its Affiliates.

77

(b)
During the two-year period following the Closing Date, except in the ordinary course of business, neither Hulu nor any of its Subsidiaries
shall destroy or otherwise dispose, or permit the destruction or disposal, of any books or records relating to the HL Subsidiaries, the
HL Business or the HL Business Assets for periods prior to the Closing that are in its or its Subsidiaries possession without
first giving Fubo and Newco written notice of such intended destruction or disposition no later than twenty days prior to the date of
such destruction or disposition and offering Fubo and Newco the opportunity to copy such books or records or deliver to Fubo or Newco,
at Fubos or Newcos expense, custody of such books or records. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Fubo and
Newco shall have no rights with respect to any books or records relating to the finances and Taxes of the HL Business, the HL Business
Assets or the HL Subsidiaries (Tax Records) that relate to any consolidated, affiliated, combined, unitary or other
Tax group that includes Parent or any of its Affiliates (other than solely one or more HL Subsidiaries), including, for the avoidance
of doubt, any Tax Records relating to Hulu, except to the extent such Tax Records relate to the tax attributes of the HL Business Assets
(which Tax Records shall not be destroyed until the expiration of the last to expire of all applicable statutes of limitations for the
taxable period or periods to which such Tax Records relate and, thereafter, Parent or its Affiliates, as applicable, may destroy or dispose
of all or part of such Tax Records without affording any right (of notice or otherwise) to Fubo or Newco).

SECTION
7.17. Directors and Officers Exculpation, Indemnification and Insurance.

(a)
Organizational Documents and Contractual Agreements. From and after the Closing, Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries shall (i) honor
and fulfill, in all respects, the obligations of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries, as applicable, pursuant to any indemnification agreements
in existence as of the date of this Agreement and either set forth on Section 7.17(a) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter or entered
into in the form publicly filed in the Fubo SEC Documents, in each case, between Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries, on the one hand,
and any of its or their current or former directors, officers, members, managers or employees (and any person who becomes a director,
officer, member, manager or employee of a member of Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries prior to the Closing), on the other hand, and
(ii) maintain the provisions with respect to indemnification and advancement of expenses and exculpation from liability as set forth
in the certificates of incorporation, bylaws and other organizational documents of Fubo and each Fubo Subsidiary as of the date of this
Agreement, which provisions shall not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified in any manner that would adversely affect the rights
thereunder of any present or former individual who is or was a director, officer, member, manager or employee of Fubo or any of the Fubo
Subsidiaries or such Person is or was serving, at the request of Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries, as a director, officer, member,
manager or fiduciary of any other Person (each such person, an Indemnified Person) without his or her written consent
except to the extent required by applicable Law.

(b)
Indemnification Obligation. Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 7.17(a), from and after the Closing,
Fubo shall, and shall cause the Fubo Subsidiaries to, indemnify, exculpate and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
Law and under Fubos organizational documents as in effect as of immediately prior to the Closing, each Indemnified Person from
and against any Losses in connection with any actual or threatened Action or other matter, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, to the extent that such actual or threatened Action or other matter is based on, arising out of or relating to the fact
that such Person is or was a director, officer, member, manager or employee of Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries or such Person is
or was serving, at the request of Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries, as a director, officer, member, manager or fiduciary of any other
Person and based on, arising out of or relating to any act, omission, fact, circumstance or other matter occurring or existing at or
prior the Closing. Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries shall advance such costs, fees and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Indemnified
Persons to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law and under Fubos organizational documents as in effect as of the date
of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, neither Fubo nor any of the Fubo Subsidiaries shall settle
or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment or otherwise terminate any actual or threatened Action or other matter in which
an Indemnified Person sought or could have sought indemnification, unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination includes
a full and unconditional release of such Indemnified Person.

78

(c)
D&O Insurance. During the period commencing at the Closing and ending on the sixth anniversary of the Closing Date, Fubo and
the Fubo Subsidiaries will maintain in effect directors and officers liability, employment practices liability and fiduciary
liability insurance covering the Indemnified Persons and the other natural persons insured by Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries directors
and officers liability, employment practices liability and fiduciary liability insurance in effect as of the date of this Agreement
(such persons, Insured Persons and such insurance the Current Insurance) in respect of acts,
omissions, facts, circumstances and other matters existing or occurring at or prior to the Closing on terms and conditions, including
limits and retentions, no less favorable to the Insured Persons than the Current Insurance; provided, however, that the aggregate
annual premium for such insurance shall not exceed three hundred percent (300%) of the premium for the Current Insurance (the Maximum
Amount); provided further, that if such insurance is not available or the aggregate annual premium for such insurance
exceeds the Maximum Amount, then Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries shall obtain the most coverage available for a cost not exceeding the
Maximum Amount. Without limiting the foregoing, at or prior to the Closing, Fubo may obtain directors and officers liability,
employment practices liability and fiduciary liability tail insurance covering the Insured Persons in respect of acts,
omissions, facts, circumstances and other matters existing or occurring at or prior to the Closing on terms and conditions, including
limits and retentions, no less favorable to the Insured Persons than the Current Insurance.

(d)
Third-Party Beneficiaries; No Impairment. The rights of each Indemnified Person and Insured Person under this Section 7.17
(i) shall survive consummation of the Transactions; (ii) are intended to benefit, and, after the Closing, shall be enforceable by,
each Indemnified Person and Insured Person and their respective heirs, administrators, executors, successors, assigns and representatives
(who shall be third party beneficiaries of this Section 7.17); and (iii) are in addition to, and not in substitution for, any
other rights to indemnification, contribution or insurance that any such Indemnified Person or Insured Person (and their respective heirs,
administrators, executors, successors, assigns and representatives) may have by contract (including any indemnification agreement), law,
equity or otherwise. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to relieve, or shall be construed as relieving, any insurer of its coverage
obligations existing now or in the future. After the Closing, the obligations set forth in this Section 7.17 may not be terminated,
amended or otherwise modified in such a manner as to adversely affect the rights of any Indemnified Person or Insured Person without
the prior written consent of such affected Indemnified Person or Insured Person.

79

(e)
Successors and Assigns. If Fubo, any of the Fubo Subsidiaries or any of their respective successors or assigns (i) consolidate
with or merge into any other Person and not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity in such consolidation or merger or (ii)
transfer or convey all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, in each case, proper provisions will be
made so that the successors and assigns of Fubo, the applicable Fubo Subsidiaries or any of their respective successors or assigns will
assume all of the obligations of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries set forth in this Section 7.17. Neither Fubo nor any of the Fubo
Subsidiaries shall distribute, sell, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of any of its or their properties or assets in a manner that
could reasonably be expected to render Fubo, any of the Fubo Subsidiaries or any of their respective Subsidiaries unable to satisfy their
respective obligations under this Section 7.17.

(f)
Joint and Several Obligations. The obligations of Fubo and the Fubo Subsidiaries pursuant to this Section 7.17 will be
joint and several.

(g)
Other Claims. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to, or will be construed to, release, waive or impair any rights to directors
and officers insurance claims pursuant to any applicable insurance policy or indemnification agreement that is or has been in
existence with respect to Fubo or any of the Fubo Subsidiaries for any of its or their directors, officers or other employees, it being
understood and agreed that the indemnification provided for in this Section 7.17 is not prior to or in substitution for any such
claims pursuant to such policies or agreements.

SECTION
7.18. Affiliate Restrictions. If at any time following the Closing any of the individuals set forth on Section 11.03(b) of the
Hulu Disclosure Letter become aware of any Contract (other than any contract with Newco or its Subsidiaries) to which Hulu or its Affiliates
is a party that materially limits or restricts, or would be reasonably expected to materially limit or restrict, the operation of the
businesses of Newco and its Subsidiaries (including the HL Business, the HL DMVPD Service and Fubo OpCos then-current business),
or that imposes, or would reasonably be expected to impose, material programming obligations (including with respect to carriage, bundling,
penetration, pricing or otherwise) on Newco and its Subsidiaries and their respective businesses (including minimum purchase, carrying,
bundling or penetration or other requirements or obligations on the HL Business that, following the Closing, would be binding upon Fubo
and its business and/or any other business of Newco that does not use the Hulu brand), then Hulu shall notify Fubo of such restriction,
limitation or obligation, and, at the reasonable request of Fubo, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to remove such restriction,
limitation or obligation as it pertains to Newco and its Subsidiaries; provided that none of Hulu or any of its Affiliates shall
be required to agree to (a) the payment of a consent fee, profit sharing payment or other consideration (including increased
or accelerated payments), (b) the provision of additional security (including a guarantee), or (c) otherwise make any accommodation or
commitment or incur any liability or obligation to any third party in connection with its efforts to remove such restriction, limitation
or obligation.

80

SECTION
7.19. Additional Obligations. Each of Fubo, Parent and Hulu agree to take the actions set forth on Section 7.19 of the
Hulu Disclosure Letter.

ARTICLE
8

CONDITIONS

SECTION
8.01. Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party to Effect the Transactions. The respective obligations of each of Hulu and Fubo
to effect the Transactions shall be subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, the waiver at or prior
to the Closing) of each of the following conditions:

(a)
Shareholder Approval. The Fubo Shareholder Approval shall have been obtained with respect to this Agreement (including the Fubo
Contribution), the Fubo Issuance and the Fubo Conversion (including the Plan of Conversion and the Certificate of Incorporation of Fubo)
(the Requisite Shareholder Approval).

(b)
Antitrust/Competition. (i) Any applicable waiting period under the HSR Act shall have expired or been earlier terminated and (ii)
each consent from a Governmental Entity required to be obtained with respect to the Transactions as set forth on Section 5.02(c)
of the Hulu Disclosure Letter shall have been obtained (or, if applicable, the applicable waiting periods shall have expired or been
earlier terminated).

(c)
No Injunctions or Restraints. No Governmental Entity of competent and applicable jurisdiction shall have (i) enacted, issued or
promulgated any Law that is in effect and has the effect of making the Transactions illegal or prohibiting or otherwise preventing the
consummation of the Transactions or (ii) issued or granted any Order that is in effect and has the effect of making the Transactions
illegal or prohibiting or otherwise preventing the consummation of the Transactions.

(d)
Reorganizations. The Hulu Reorganization and the Fubo Reorganization each shall have been completed in all material respects in
accordance with the Reorganization Documents.

(e)
Fubo Filings. The filed Florida Articles of Conversion shall have been accepted by the FDOS and the filed Delaware Certificate
of Conversion and Certificate of Incorporation of Fubo shall have been accepted by the DSOS, and each shall be in full force and effect
in accordance with their respective terms, without further amendment or modification.

81

SECTION
8.02. Conditions to the Obligations of Hulu to Effect the Transactions. The obligations of Hulu to effect the Transactions shall
be further subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, the waiver by Hulu at or prior to the Closing)
of each of the following conditions:

(a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Fubo set forth in (i) Section 4.06(a) and Section
4.02(b)(ii) shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement; (ii) Section 4.02(b)(i), Section
4.02(c) and Section 4.02(e) shall be true and correct in all respects (except for any inaccuracies that individually and in
the aggregate are de minimis relative to the total fully-diluted equity capitalization of Fubo) as of the date of this Agreement
(except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case, as of such earlier date); (iii) Section 4.01(a), Section
4.01(c), Section 4.02 (other than Section 4.02(b) and Section 4.02(e)), Section 4.03(a), Section 4.03(b)(i),
Section 4.10 and Section 4.12 (without giving effect to any qualification as to materiality or Fubo Material
Adverse Effect qualifiers set forth therein) shall be true and correct in all material respects at and as of the date of this Agreement
(except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case, as of such earlier date); and (iv) Article 4 and not
included in the preceding clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) (without giving effect to any qualification as to materiality or Fubo
Material Adverse Effect qualifiers set forth therein) shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement (except
to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case, as of such earlier date), except, in the case of this clause (iv),
where the failure to be so true and correct would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Fubo Material
Adverse Effect or prevent, materially delay or materially impair the ability of Fubo to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement prior to the Outside Date.

(b)
Performance of Obligations of Fubo. Fubo shall have performed, and complied with, in all material respects all obligations required
to be performed, or complied with, by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing.

(c)
Certificate. Fubo shall have delivered to Hulu a certificate, dated the Closing Date, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or
another senior executive officer of Fubo, certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 8.02(a) and 8.02(b) have
been satisfied.

(d)
Closing Deliverables. Fubo shall have delivered to Hulu or Newco, as applicable, the items to be delivered pursuant to Section
3.03.

SECTION
8.03. Conditions to the Obligations of Fubo to Effect the Transactions. The obligations of Fubo to effect the Transactions shall
be further subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, the waiver by Fubo at or prior to the Closing)
of each of the following conditions:

(a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Hulu set forth in (i) Section 5.05(a) shall be true
and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement; (ii) Section 5.01(a), Section 5.01(c), Section 5.02(a),
Section 5.02(b)(i), Section 5.03(a) and Section 5.09 (without giving effect to any qualification as to materiality
or HL Material Adverse Effect qualifiers set forth therein) shall be true and correct in all material respects at and as of the date
of this Agreement (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case, as of such earlier date); and (iii) Article
5 and not included in the preceding clauses (i) and (ii) (without giving effect to any qualification as to materiality
or HL Material Adverse Effect qualifiers set forth therein) shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement
(except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case, as of such earlier date), except, in the case of this clause
(iii), where the failure to be so true and correct would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a HL Material
Adverse Effect or prevent, materially delay or materially impair the ability of Hulu or Parent to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement prior to the Outside Date.

82

(b)
Performance of Obligations of Parent and Hulu. Each of Parent and Hulu shall have performed, and complied with, in all material
respects all obligations required to be performed, or complied with, by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing.

(c)
Certificate. Hulu shall have delivered to Fubo a certificate, dated the Closing Date, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or
another senior executive officer of Hulu, certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 8.03(a) and 8.03(b) have
been satisfied.

(d)
Closing Deliverables. Parent and Hulu shall have delivered, or caused their Subsidiaries, as applicable, to deliver, to Fubo the
items to be delivered pursuant to Section 3.02.

ARTICLE
9

TERMINATION

SECTION
9.01. Termination by Mutual Consent. This Agreement may be terminated and the Transactions may be abandoned at any time prior
to the Closing, whether before or after the Requisite Shareholder Approval has been obtained, by mutual written consent of Hulu and Fubo.

SECTION
9.02. Termination by Fubo or Hulu. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing, whether before or after
the Requisite Shareholder Approval has been obtained, by either Fubo or Hulu upon written notice thereof to the other party hereto, if:

(a)
the Closing Date shall not have occurred on or before April 6, 2026 (such date or such later date, if any, as is provided in the proviso
of this Section 9.02(a), the Outside Date); provided, however, that, if as of such date, the
conditions set forth in Section 8.01(b) and, solely to the extent that such Law or Order arises under the HSR Act or any other
Regulatory Law, Section 8.01(c) have not been satisfied (but all other conditions set forth in Article 8 have been satisfied,
other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, each of which is capable of being satisfied at the
Closing), then the Outside Date shall be automatically extended to July 6, 2026 (such date, the First Extended Outside Date);
provided, further, that, in the event that, on the First Extended Outside Date, the conditions set forth in Section
8.01(b) and, solely to the extent that such Law or Order arises under the HSR Act or any other Regulatory Law, Section 8.01(c)
have not been satisfied (but all other conditions set forth in Article 8 have been satisfied, other than those conditions
that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, each of which is capable of being satisfied at the Closing), then the Outside
Date shall be automatically extended to October 6, 2026; provided, further, however, that the right to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.02(a) shall not be available to any party hereto whose breach of its obligations under
this Agreement has been a principal cause of the failure of the Closing to occur on or before the date of such termination;

83

(b)
if any court of competent jurisdiction or any other Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction over Hulu, an HL Subsidiary or Fubo
shall have issued any Order, or any Law shall be in effect that was enacted, promulgated or deemed applicable to the Transactions by
any Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction, in each case, permanently restraining, enjoining, preventing or otherwise prohibiting
or making illegal the consummation of the Transactions, and in each case, such Order or Law shall have become final and nonappealable;
provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.02(b) shall not be available
to any party hereto whose breach of its obligations under this Agreement has been a principal cause of such permanent restraint, enjoinment,
prevention, prohibition or illegality; or

(c)
the Fubo Shareholder Meeting shall have been held and the Requisite Shareholder Approval shall not have been obtained thereat or at any
adjournment or postponement thereof.

SECTION
9.03. Termination by Fubo. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing by Fubo, upon written notice thereof
to Hulu, if:

(a)
(i) Fubo is not in breach of this Agreement such that Hulu has the right (or would have the right following notice and an opportunity
to cure, if applicable) to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.04(a), (ii) Hulu shall have breached or otherwise failed
to perform any of its covenants, agreements or other obligations under this Agreement, or any of the representations and warranties of
Hulu set forth in this Agreement shall have become or been inaccurate, which breach, failure to perform or inaccuracy, individually or
in the aggregate with other such breaches, failures to perform or inaccuracies, would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay
or materially impair the ability of Hulu to consummate the Transactions prior to the Outside Date and (iii) such breach, failure to perform
or inaccuracy of Hulu is not capable of being cured by the Outside Date or is not cured within thirty (30) days following Fubos
delivery of written notice to Hulu of such breach, failure to perform or inaccuracy;

(b)
prior to receipt of the Requisite Shareholder Approval, if (i) the Fubo Board shall have determined to terminate this Agreement in accordance
with the terms set forth in Section 7.06 (including that Fubo has complied in all material respects with Section 7.06 with
respect to the applicable Superior Proposal) in order to concurrently with such termination enter into a definitive agreement implementing
a Superior Proposal and (ii) Fubo concurrently pays Hulu the Fubo Termination Fee payable to Hulu pursuant to Section 9.05(a);
or

(c)
Hulu or any of its Affiliates shall have commenced any Action that (i) contests the validity or effectiveness of any of the Settlement
Documents or the Settlement or (ii) is based on the claims (or underlying factual predicates thereof) that the Settlement Documents contemplate
would be dismissed released pursuant thereto.

84

SECTION
9.04. Termination by Hulu. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing by Hulu, upon written notice thereof
to Fubo, if:

(a)
(i) Hulu is not in breach of this Agreement such that Fubo has the right (or would have the right following notice and an opportunity
to cure, if applicable) to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.03(a), (ii) Fubo shall have breached or otherwise failed
to perform any of its covenants, agreements or other obligations under this Agreement, or any of the representations and warranties of
Fubo set forth in this Agreement shall have become or been inaccurate, which breach, failure to perform or inaccuracy, individually or
in the aggregate with other such breaches, failures to perform or inaccuracies, would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay
or materially impair the ability of Fubo to consummate the Transactions prior to the Outside Date and (iii) such breach, failure to perform
or inaccuracy of Fubo is not capable of being cured by the Outside Date or is not cured within thirty (30) days following Hulus
delivery of written notice to Fubo of such breach, failure to perform or inaccuracy;

(b)
a Fubo Board Recommendation Change (whether in respect of a Superior Proposal or an Intervening Event) shall have occurred; or

(c)
Fubo or any of its Affiliates shall have commenced any Action that (i) contests the validity or effectiveness of any of the Settlement
Documents or the Settlement or (ii) is based on the claims (or underlying factual predicates thereof) that the Settlement Documents contemplate
would be dismissed released pursuant thereto.

SECTION
9.05. Effect of Termination.

(a)
Fubo Termination Fee. Fubo shall pay to Hulu $50,000,000 (the Fubo Termination Fee), by wire transfer of
immediately available funds to an account or accounts designated in writing by Hulu, in the event that:

(i)
(A) this Agreement is terminated by Hulu or Fubo pursuant to (1) Section 9.02(a) and, at the time of such termination, the condition
set forth in Section 8.01(a) shall not be satisfied or (2) Section 9.02(c); (B) following the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and prior to the Fubo Shareholder Meeting, an Alternative Proposal (whether or not conditional and whether or not withdrawn)
shall have been publicly announced or shall have become publicly disclosed; and (C) within twelve (12) months following such termination
of this Agreement, (1) Fubo enters into a definitive agreement with any third party with respect to an Alternative Proposal or (2) an
Alternative Transaction is consummated, in which case the Fubo Termination Fee shall be payable concurrently with the earlier of (x)
Fubos entry into the definitive agreement with respect to such Alternative Proposal and (y) the consummation of such Alternative
Transaction;

(ii)
this Agreement is terminated by Fubo pursuant to Section 9.03(b), in which case the Fubo Termination Fee shall be payable concurrently
with such termination; or

(iii)
this Agreement is terminated (A) by Hulu pursuant to Section 9.04(b) or (B) by Hulu or Fubo pursuant to Section 9.02(c)
if, at the time of such termination pursuant to Section 9.02(c), Hulu would also have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant
to Section 9.04(b), in which case the Fubo Termination Fee shall be payable within two (2) Business Days after such termination.

85

For
purposes of the references to Alternative Proposal or Alternative Transaction in this Section 9.05(a),
all references in the definition of Alternative Transaction to twenty percent (20%) and eighty percent (80%) shall be deemed
references to fifty percent (50%).

(b)
Hulu Termination Fee. Hulu shall pay to Fubo $130,000,000 minus any amount actually paid by Hulu to Fubo pursuant to Section
7.19 prior to the termination of this Agreement (the Hulu Termination Fee), by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to an account or accounts designated in writing by Fubo, in the event that this Agreement is terminated:

(i)
by Fubo pursuant to Section 9.03(a) or by Hulu pursuant to Section 9.02(a) or Section 9.02(b) at a time when this
Agreement is terminable by Fubo pursuant Section 9.03(a); or

(ii)
by Fubo or Hulu pursuant to Section 9.02(a) or Section 9.02(b) if, at the time of such termination, all of the conditions
set forth in Section 8.01 and Section 8.02 have been satisfied (or, if any such conditions are by their nature to be satisfied
at the Closing, would have been capable of being satisfied on the date of such termination) or waived, other than the conditions set
forth in Section 8.01(b) or Section 8.01(c) (with respect to Section 8.01(c), solely to the extent that such Law
or Order arises under the HSR Act or any other Regulatory Law);

then
Hulu shall pay (or cause to be paid) to Fubo the Hulu Termination Fee (x) no later than two (2) Business Days after such termination
in the event of a termination by Fubo and (y) as a condition to termination in the event of a termination by Hulu.

(c)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each of Hulu and Fubo acknowledge and hereby agree that in no event shall
either party be required to pay the Fubo Termination Fee or the Hulu Termination Fee, as applicable, on more than one (1) occasion, whether
or not the Fubo Termination Fee or the Hulu Termination Fee, as applicable, may be payable under more than one provision of this Agreement
at the same or at different times and the occurrence of different events.

86

(d)
Hulu and Fubo acknowledge that the agreements contained in this Section 9.05 are an integral part of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and constitute liquidated damages and not a penalty, and that, without these agreements, the parties hereto would not
enter into this Agreement. Except in the case of fraud, (i) payment of the Fubo Termination Fee shall constitute the sole and exclusive
remedy for monetary damages of Hulu against the Fubo Related Parties in circumstances in which the Fubo Termination Fee is payable hereunder,
(ii) payment of the Hulu Termination Fee shall constitute the sole and exclusive remedy for monetary damages of Fubo and its Subsidiaries
against the Hulu Related Parties in circumstances in which the Hulu Termination Fee is payable hereunder, in the case of each of clauses
(i) and (ii), for any loss suffered as a result of the failure to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) upon
payment of the Fubo Termination Fee in circumstances in which the Fubo Termination Fee is payable hereunder, none of the Fubo Related
Parties shall have any further liability or obligation relating to or arising out of this Agreement and no Hulu Related Parties shall
be entitled or any other Person shall be entitled to bring or maintain any Action against Fubo or any of its Affiliates arising out of
or in connection with this Agreement, any of the Transactions or any matters forming the basis for such termination and (iv) upon payment
of the Hulu Termination Fee in circumstances in which the Hulu Termination Fee is payable hereunder, none of the Hulu Related Parties
shall have any further liability or obligation relating to or arising out of this Agreement and no Fubo Related Parties shall be entitled
or any other Person shall be entitled to bring or maintain any Action against Hulu or any of its Affiliates arising out of or in connection
with this Agreement, any of the Transactions or any matters forming the basis for such termination; provided that nothing in this
Section 9.05(d) shall limit the rights or remedies of Parent, Hulu or Fubo under Section 11.04(c). If Fubo or Hulu (A)
fails to timely pay any amount due pursuant to this Section 9.05, and, in order to obtain the payment, Hulu or Fubo, as applicable,
commences an Action which results in a judgment against Fubo or Hulu, as applicable, for the payment set forth in this Section 9.05,
or (B) Hulu fails to timely effect the Closing on the date that the Closing was supposed to occur in accordance with Section 2.01,
and, in order to enforce Hulus obligation to so effect the Closing, Fubo commences an Action that results in a decree or order
of specific performance against Hulu, in each case of clauses (A) and (B), Fubo shall pay Hulu or Hulu shall pay Fubo, as applicable,
its reasonable and documented costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys fees) incurred in prosecuting
such Action, together with interest on such amount at the prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal in effect on the date such
payment was required to be made through the date such payment was actually received.

(e)
Any proper and valid termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 9.01 through 9.04 shall be effective immediately
upon the delivery of written notice by the terminating party to the other party hereto specifying the provision or provisions pursuant
to which such termination is being effected. If this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Sections 9.01 through 9.04,
this Agreement shall forthwith become null and void and, except as set forth in this Section 9.05, there shall be no liability
or obligation on the part of Hulu, Fubo or their respective Affiliates or Representatives, provided that (i) Section 7.05(c),
this Section 9.05 and Article 9 and the Confidentiality Agreement and the Clean Team Agreement will survive termination
hereof and (ii) subject to Section 9.05(d), no party shall be relieved from any liabilities or damages as a result of any willful
and material breach by any party of any of such partys representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements set forth in
this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, willful and material breach shall mean a material breach that is a consequence
of an act or a failure to take such act by the breaching party with the knowledge that the taking of such act (or the failure to take
such act) would, or would reasonably be expected to, cause a breach of this Agreement.

(f)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event this Agreement is terminated by Hulu pursuant to Section
9.04(c), this Agreement shall forthwith become null and void ab initio, without any liability or obligation on the part of
any Hulu Related Party, and no Fubo Related Parties shall be entitled or any other Person shall be entitled to bring or maintain any
Action against Hulu or any of its Affiliates arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, any of the Transactions or any matters
forming the basis for such termination.

87

ARTICLE
10

INDEMNIFICATION

SECTION
10.01. Indemnification by Hulu. During the period commencing at the Closing and ending, with respect to Parent Retained Tax Liabilities,
on the date that is sixty days after the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations, and with respect to other Parent Retained
Liabilities, on the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date, Hulu shall indemnify and hold harmless Fubo, the Fubo Subsidiaries, the HL
Subsidiaries and their respective Affiliates, their respective Representatives and their respective successors and assigns (each, a Fubo
Indemnified Party) from and against, and be liable to the Fubo Indemnified Parties for, any and all Losses incurred, suffered
or sustained by, or imposed upon, any Fubo Indemnified Party arising out of, based upon, related to or resulting from any Parent Retained
Liability.

SECTION
10.02. Indemnification by Fubo. During the period commencing at the Closing and ending on the fifth anniversary of the Closing
Date, Fubo shall cause Newco to indemnify and hold harmless Hulu and its Affiliates, their respective Representatives and their respective
successors and assigns (each, a Hulu Indemnified Party) from and against, and be liable to the Hulu Indemnified
Parties for, any and all Losses incurred, suffered or sustained by, or imposed upon, any Hulu Indemnified Party arising out of, based
upon, related to or resulting from any HL Business Liability.

SECTION
10.03. Indemnification Claims.

(a)
Any Fubo Indemnified Party or Hulu Indemnified Party seeking indemnification under this Agreement (an Indemnified Party)
with respect to any claim asserted against the Indemnified Party by a third party (a Third-Party Claim) in respect
of any matter that is subject to indemnification under Section 10.01 or Section 10.02, as applicable, shall (i) promptly
(and in any event within 10 Business Days after receipt of notice of such Third-Party Claim) notify Hulu or Newco, as applicable (the
Indemnifying Party), of the Third-Party Claim and (ii) as promptly as practicable, transmit to the Indemnifying
Party a written notice (a Claim Notice) describing in reasonable detail the nature of the Third-Party Claim and
an estimate of any Losses expected to be incurred with respect thereto (if reasonably determinable). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
delay or failure to give the notice provided in, or in accordance with, this Section 10.03 will not relieve the Indemnifying Party
of its obligations under this Article 10, except to the extent such Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced by such delay or
failure. Thereafter, the Indemnified Party shall deliver to the Indemnifying Party, as promptly as practicable after the Indemnified
Partys receipt thereof, copies of all notices and documents (including court papers) received by the Indemnified Party relating
to the Third-Party Claim.

88

(b)
The Indemnifying Party shall have the right to defend the Indemnified Party against such Third-Party Claim (except in the case of an
Excluded Matter) if the Indemnifying Party promptly notifies the Indemnified Party (and in any event within 30 days after having received
any Claim Notice) in writing that it is exercising its right to defend the Indemnified Party against such Third-Party Claim. If the Indemnifying
Party notifies the Indemnified Party in writing that the Indemnifying Party elects to assume the defense of the Third-Party Claim, then
the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to defend such Third-Party Claim with counsel selected by the Indemnifying Party (and reasonably
satisfactory to the Indemnified Party) in all appropriate proceedings. The Indemnifying Party shall have control of such defense and
proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof; provided, that the Indemnifying Party shall not enter into any compromise
or settlement of such claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party; provided, however, the consent
of the Indemnified Party shall not be required for any compromise or settlement if (i) the sole relief provided is monetary damages that
are paid in full by the Indemnifying Party and (ii) such compromise or settlement (A) does not include any statement as to or any admission
of fault, culpability or failure to act by or on behalf of the Indemnified Party and (B) includes an unconditional release of the Indemnified
Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Third-Party Claim. The Indemnified Party may participate in, but
not control, any defense or settlement of any Third-Party Claim controlled by the Indemnifying Party pursuant to this Section 10.03(b),
and the Indemnified Party shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect to such participation unless, in the reasonable judgment
of the Indemnified Party based on the advice of counsel, there is a conflict of interest (including the availability to the Indemnified
Party of one or more defenses that are not available to the Indemnifying Party) that would prevent the same counsel from representing
both the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, in which case the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to retain one separate counsel
(which counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnifying Party), the reasonable and documented costs and expenses of which
shall be borne by the Indemnifying Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Third-Party Claim involves a criminal proceeding (each,
an Excluded Matter), then, in each case, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to defend the applicable Third-Party
Claim in accordance with Section 10.03(c) below.

(c)
In the event of an Excluded Matter, or if the Indemnifying Party does not notify the Indemnified Party that the Indemnifying Party elects
to defend the Indemnified Party pursuant to Section 10.03(b) within 30 days after receipt of any Claim Notice (or notifies the
Indemnified Party within such time period that it elects not to defend the Indemnified Party) and thereafter fails to diligently conduct
such defense (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), then, in each such instance, the Indemnified Party shall have the
right to defend against the applicable Third-Party Claim and be reimbursed for its reasonable and documented cost and expense in regard
to such Third-Party Claim with counsel selected by the Indemnified Party in all appropriate proceedings. In such circumstances, or in
the case of an Excluded Matter, the Indemnified Party shall defend any such Third-Party Claim in good faith and have full control of
such defense and proceedings; provided, that the Indemnified Party may not enter into any compromise or settlement of such Third-Party
Claim if indemnification is to be sought hereunder without the Indemnifying Partys consent. The Indemnifying Party may participate
in, but not control, any defense or settlement controlled by the Indemnified Party pursuant to this Section 10.03(c), and the
Indemnifying Party shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect to such participation.

(d)
Each Indemnified Party shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate any indemnifiable Losses. The Indemnified Parties shall
act in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner to mitigate any Losses it may pay, incur, suffer or sustain for which indemnification
is available hereunder to the extent required by applicable Law (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not require any Indemnified
Party to seek recovery from any third party).

89

(e)
From and after the Closing, the indemnification obligations set forth in this Article 10 will constitute the sole and exclusive
remedies of the parties for any Losses based on, arising out of or otherwise in respect of any matter addressed in Article 10,
except for remedies involving specific performance or other equitable relief.

(f)
The provisions of this Section 10.03 shall not apply to third-party claims in respect of Taxes (other than claims that include
Taxes as ancillary Losses in respect of a non-Tax claim), which claims in respect of Taxes shall be governed by the Newco Operating Agreement.

SECTION
10.04. Limitation of Liability. No party will be liable to any other party for Losses under this Article 10 that are special,
indirect, incidental, exemplary, consequential or punitive damages, or loss of profits, except where the damages or loss of profits are
awarded to a third party in a Third-Party Claim. The amount of any Losses shall be net of any recovery or benefit (including insurance
and indemnification) actually received by the Indemnified Party or any of its Affiliates in connection with the facts giving rise to
the right of indemnification (net of reasonable expenses incurred in obtaining such recovery or benefit) and, if the Indemnified Party
or any of its Affiliates receives such recovery or benefit after receipt of payment from the Indemnifying Party, then the amount of such
recovery or benefit, net of reasonable expenses incurred in obtaining such recovery or benefit, shall be paid to the Indemnifying Party.

SECTION
10.05. Tax Treatment of Indemnification. To the extent allowed by applicable Law and unless otherwise agreed by the
parties hereto, for U.S. federal and applicable state and local income tax purposes, any indemnity payment made under this Article
10 shall be treated as the reimbursement of a payment made by the Indemnified Party as agent for the Indemnifying Party.

ARTICLE
11

GENERAL
PROVISIONS

SECTION
11.01. Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing and
shall be deemed given if delivered personally, by email (to the extent that no bounce back or similar message indicating
non-delivery is received with respect thereto) or if sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to the parties at the following
addresses, or such other address or email address as such party may hereafter specify by like notice to the other party hereto:

(a) if to Parent or Hulu:

The
Walt Disney Company

500
South Buena Vista Street

Burbank,
CA 91521

Attention: Justin Warbrooke

James
Kapenstein

90

with
a further copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Cravath,
Swaine & Moore LLP

Two
Manhattan West

375
Ninth Avenue

New
York, New York 10001

Attention: Faiza Saeed

Daniel
Cerqueira

Cole
DuMond

Alexander
Greenberg

E-mail: fsaeed@cravath.com

dcerqueira@cravath.com

cdumond@cravath.com

agreenberg@cravath.com

(b) if to Fubo:

fuboTV
Inc.

1290
Avenue of the Americas, 9th Floor

New
York, NY 10104

Attention: Chief
Legal Officer

with
a further copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice):

Latham
& Watkins LLP

1271
Avenue of the Americas

New
York, NY 10020

Attention: Andrew Elken

Owen
Alexander

E-mail: Andrew.Elken@lw.com

Owen.Alexander@lw.com

SECTION
11.02. Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered
pursuant to this Agreement shall not survive the Closing. This Section 11.02 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of the
parties which by its terms contemplates performance after the Closing.

91

SECTION
11.03. Interpretations. When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, Section, Schedule, Disclosure Letter, Annex
or Exhibit, such reference shall be to an Article, Section, Schedule, Disclosure Letter, Annex or Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise
indicated. The words include, includes and including when used herein shall be deemed in each
case to be followed by the words without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning
as the word shall. The word extent in the phrase to the extent shall mean the degree to which
a subject or other thing extends, and such phrase shall not mean simply if. The word or shall not be exclusive.
Any references in this Agreement to the date hereof refers to the date of execution of this Agreement. The table of contents
and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement. References to this Agreement, hereof, herein, and hereunder
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement and include any schedules, disclosure letters,
annexes, exhibits or other attachments to this Agreement. The Fubo Disclosure Letter, the Hulu Disclosure Letter, all annexes and schedules
hereto are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement as if set forth in full herein. All terms defined in this Agreement
shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined
therein. The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to
the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to
herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement, instrument or statute as from time to time
amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of statutes)
by succession of comparable successor statutes and references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein. References
to a Person are also to its permitted successors and assigns. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting
of this Agreement with the assistance of counsel and other advisors and, in the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation
arises, this Agreement shall be construed as jointly drafted by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise
favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement or interim drafts of this Agreement.
Any references in this Agreement: (a) to knowledge of Fubo shall mean the actual knowledge of the individuals identified
in Section 11.03(a) of the Fubo Disclosure Letter; and (b) to the knowledge of Hulu shall mean the actual knowledge
of the individuals identified in Section 11.03(b) of the Hulu Disclosure Letter. The phrase made available, when
used in reference to anything made available by Fubo or Hulu or any of their respective Representatives, in each case, shall be deemed
to include anything (i) uploaded to the electronic data room maintained by or on behalf of Fubo or its Representatives for purposes of
the Transactions and made accessible to Parent and Hulu and their Representatives (including any clean team room or similar
depository within such electronic data room) prior to 11:59 p.m. New York City time on the day prior to the date of this Agreement, (ii)
uploaded to the electronic data room maintained by or on behalf of Hulu or its Representatives for purposes of the Transactions and made
accessible to Fubo and its Representatives (including any clean team room or similar depository within such electronic
data room) prior to 11:59 p.m. New York City time on the day prior to the date of this Agreement or (iii) publicly available in the Electronic
Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval (EDGAR) database of the SEC. The term Dollars and $ mean U.S. dollars.
When since is used in connection with a date, the period covered thereby shall be inclusive of such date. References to
days shall mean calendar days unless expressly stated otherwise.

92

SECTION
11.04. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Specific Performance.

(a)
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY
CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISION OR RULE (WHETHER OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION) THAT WOULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION
OF THE LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF DELAWARE.

(b)
Each of the parties hereto (i) consents to submit itself to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
(the Chancery Court) or, if, but only if, the Chancery Court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any federal court
located in the State of Delaware with respect to any dispute arising out of, relating to or in connection with this Agreement or any
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction
by motion or other request for leave from any such court, (iii) agrees that it will not bring any action arising out of, relating to
or in connection with this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than the courts of
the State of Delaware, as described above, and (iv) waives any right to trial by jury with respect to any action related to or arising
out of this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby. Nothing in this Section 11.04 shall prevent any party from
bringing an action or proceeding in any jurisdiction to enforce any judgment of the Chancery Court or any federal court located in the
State of Delaware, as applicable. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by
U.S. registered mail to the respective addresses set forth in Section 11.01 shall be effective service of process for any suit
or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(c)
The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed
in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Each party agrees that, in the event of any breach or threatened
breach by any other party of any covenant or obligation contained in this Agreement, the non-breaching party shall be entitled (in addition
to any other remedy that may be available to it whether in law or equity, including monetary damages) to (i) a decree or order of specific
performance to enforce the observance and performance of such covenant or obligation, and (ii) an injunction restraining such breach
or threatened breach, without proof of damages or otherwise, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled under
this Agreement. In circumstances where the parties are obligated to consummate the Transactions and the Transactions have not been consummated
(other than as a result of the other partys refusal to close in violation of this Agreement) each of the parties expressly acknowledges
and agrees that the other party and its stockholders or shareholders shall have suffered irreparable harm, that monetary damages will
be inadequate to compensate such other party and its stockholders or shareholders, and that such other party on behalf of itself and
its stockholders or shareholders shall be entitled to enforce specifically the breaching partys obligation to consummate the Transactions.
No party shall oppose the granting of an injunction or other equitable relief to prevent any breach of this Agreement or to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions of this Agreement on the basis that the other parties have an adequate remedy at law or that an award of equitable
relief is unenforceable, invalid or not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or equity. Any party seeking any injunction or other
equitable relief to prevent any breach of this Agreement or to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in accordance
with this Section 11.04(c) shall not be required to provide any bond or other security in connection with any such order or injunction.

93

SECTION
11.05. Counterparts; Electronic Transmission of Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by
different parties hereto in separate counterparts, and delivered by means of electronic mail transmission or otherwise, each of which
when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement.

SECTION
11.06. Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries.

(a)
This Agreement and all of the provisions hereto shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, but neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations
set forth herein shall be assigned by any party hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto and any purported
assignment without such consent shall be void.

(b)
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as giving any Person, other than the parties hereto and their heirs, successors, legal representatives
and permitted assigns, any right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any provision hereof, except for the provisions
of Section 7.17, which shall be for the express benefit of the Indemnified Persons and the Insured Persons.

SECTION
11.07. Expenses. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such expenses whether or not the Transactions are consummated.

SECTION
11.08. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under any applicable
Law, then such contravention or invalidity shall not invalidate the entire Agreement. Such provision shall be deemed to be modified to
the extent necessary to render it legal, valid and enforceable, and if no such modification shall render it legal, valid and enforceable,
then this Agreement shall be construed as if not containing the provision held to be invalid, and the rights and obligations of the parties
hereto shall be construed and enforced accordingly.

SECTION
11.09. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the Hulu Disclosure Letter, the Fubo Disclosure Letter, the Ancillary Agreements,
annexes, exhibits and letters hereto), the Confidentiality Agreement and the Clean Team Agreement constitute the entire agreement, and
supersede all other prior agreements and understandings (both written and oral), among the parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof.

SECTION
11.10. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto, at any time before or after approval of this Agreement
and the Transactions by action by or on behalf of the respective board of directors of the parties hereto or the shareholders of Fubo;
provided, however, that after the Requisite Shareholder Approval is obtained, no amendment shall be made without the further
approval of such Fubo shareholders except as permitted by Law. This Agreement (including the Fubo Disclosure Letter and the Hulu Disclosure
Letter) may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto.

94

SECTION
11.11. Waiver. Any failure of any of the parties to comply with any obligation, representation, warranty, covenant, agreement
or condition herein may be waived at any time prior to the Closing by any of the parties entitled to the benefit thereof only by a written
instrument signed by each such party granting such waiver, but such waiver or failure to insist upon strict compliance with such obligation,
representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent
or other failure. No party shall be deemed to have waived any claim arising out of this Agreement or any power, right, privilege, or
remedy under this Agreement, unless the waiver of such claim, power, right, privilege, or remedy is expressly set forth in a written
instrument duly executed and delivered on behalf of such party and any such waiver shall not be applicable or have any effect except
in the specific instance in which it is given.

SECTION
11.12. Disclosure Letters. Any disclosure contained in the Fubo Disclosure Letter or the Hulu Disclosure Letter with reference
to the corresponding section or subsection of this Agreement shall be deemed to apply to such section or subsection and any other section
or subsection of the Fubo Disclosure Letter or Hulu Disclosure Letter, respectively, where the relevance of such disclosure is reasonably
apparent. The mere inclusion of any item in (a) the Fubo Disclosure Letter as an exception to a representation or warranty of Fubo in
this Agreement or (b) the Hulu Disclosure Letter as an exception to a representation or warranty of Parent or Hulu in this Agreement
shall not be deemed to be (i) an admission that such item is a material exception, fact, event or circumstance or that such item, individually
or in the aggregate, has had or is reasonably expected to have, a Fubo Material Adverse Effect or a HL Material Adverse Effect, as applicable
(or trigger any other materiality qualification) or (ii) an admission or indication of any non-compliance with, or breach or violation
of, any third party rights, Contract or Law. No reference to, or disclosure of, any item or other matter in the Fubo Disclosure Letter
or the Hulu Disclosure Letter shall necessarily imply that any other undisclosed matter or item having a greater value or significance
is material.

[Signature
Page Follows]

95

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized.

The
Walt Disney Company

By: /s/James
Kapenstein

Name: James
Kapenstein

Title: Associate
General Counsel

Hulu,
LLC

By: /s/
James Kapenstein

Name: James
Kapenstein

Title: Authorized
Signatory

Signature
Page to Business Combination Agreement

FUBOTV INC.

By: /s/
David Gandler

Name: David
Gandler

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Signature
Page to Business Combination Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>fubo-20250106.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>fubo-20250106_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fubo-20250106_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K/A

Amendment Flag true

Amendment Description Amendment No. 1

Document Period End Date Jan. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39590

Entity Registrant Name fuboTV Inc. /FL

Entity Central Index Key 0001484769

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-4330545

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code FL

Entity Address, Address Line One 1290
Avenue of the Americas

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10104

City Area Code (212)

Local Phone Number 672-0055

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material true

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol FUBO

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Description of changes contained within amended document.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentDescription

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://fubotv.tv/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-ka.htm 
fubo-20250106.xsd 
fubo-20250106_lab.xml 
fubo-20250106_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-001580-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-ka_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001484769 

2025-01-06 
2025-01-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

true 
0001484769 
fuboTV Inc. /FL 
8-K/A 
Amendment No. 1 
2025-01-06 
FL 
001-39590 
26-4330545 
1290 Avenue of the Americas 
New York 
NY 
10104 
(212) 
672-0055 
false 
true 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
FUBO 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>