<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-004674.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-004674.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203161712
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-004674
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250128
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Evergreen Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001900402
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41271
		FILM NUMBER:		25582717

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(786) 406-6082

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--11-30000190040200019004022025-01-282025-01-280001900402EVGR:OrdinarySharesMember2025-01-282025-01-280001900402EVGR:WarrantsMember2025-01-282025-01-280001900402EVGR:UnitsMember2025-01-282025-01-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

United
States

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

Form
8-K

Current
Report

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

January
28, 2025

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

Evergreen
Corporation

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Cayman
Islands 001-41271 N/A

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

Lot
1.02, Level 1,

Glo
Damansara, 699,

Jalan
Damansara, Taman Tun Dr Ismail,

60000Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: +1786
406 6082

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Ordinary
Shares EVGR The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants EVGRW The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Units EVGRU The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Amendment
to Investment Management Trust Agreement

The
information disclosed in Item 5.07 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01 to the extent
required herein. As approved by its stockholders at the General Meeting (defined below), Evergreen Corporation (EVGR
or the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company entered into an amendment, dated January 28,
2025, to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 8, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
and EVGR (the IMTA Amendment). A copy of the IMTA Amendment is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit
10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

Subsequent
to the approval by the shareholders of EVGR of the Amendment to EVGRs Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
(the Charter Amendment), on January 28, 2025, EVGR filed the Charter Amendment with the Registrar of Companies in
the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to the Charter Amendment, EVGR has the right to extend the date by which it has to consummate a business
combination up to six (6) times for an additional one (1) month each time from February 11, 2025 to August 11, 2025 (as extended, the
Extended Date) by depositing into the trust account, for each one-month extension, $0.05 for each Class A ordinary
share issued and outstanding after giving effect to the redemption.

Item
5.07. Submissions of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

On
January 28, 2025, EVGR held an Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (the General Meeting). On December
13, 2024, the record date for the General Meeting, there were 8,071,457 ordinary shares of EVGR entitled to be voted at the General Meeting,
87.97% of which were represented in person or by proxy.

The
final results for each of the matters submitted to a vote of EVGRs shareholders at the General Meeting are as follows:

Matters Voted On For Against Abstain

Proposal Number One to amend and restate 

EVGRs Amended and Restated Articles of Association to give the Company the right to extend the date by which it has to consummate a business combination up to six (6) times for an additional one (1) month each time, fromFebruary11, 2025 to August 11, 2025 6,066,624 1,033,835 0 

Proposal Number Two was to amend EVGRs investment management trust agreement, dated as of February 8, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), to allow the Company to extend the Combination Period up to six (6) times for an additional one (1) month each time from February 11, 2025 to the Extended Date by depositing into the trust account, for each one-month extension, $0.05 for each Class A ordinary share issued and outstanding after giving effect to the Redemption 6,066,623 1,033,836 0 

Each
of the proposals described above was approved by EVGRs shareholders. EVGRs shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate
of 2,456,657 ordinary shares in connection with the General Meeting.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

3.1* Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, dated January 28, 2025

10.1 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, by and between EVGR and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
February 3, 2025

EVERGREEN CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Liew Choon Lian 

Name: Liew Choon Lian 

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex3-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
3.1

Companies
Act (Revised)

Company
Limited by Shares

Evergreen
Corporation

AMENDED
& RESTATED ARTICLES of association 

(Adopted
by special resolution passed on January 28, 2025)

Contents

1
Definitions,
interpretation and exclusion of Table A 7

Definitions 7

Interpretation 12

Exclusion
of Table A Articles 12

2
Shares 13

Power
to issue Shares and options, with or without special rights 13

Power
to issue fractions of a Share 14

Power
to pay commissions and brokerage fees 14

Trusts
not recognised 15

Power
to vary class rights 15

Effect
of new Share issue on existing class rights 16

Capital
contributions without issue of further Shares 16

No
bearer Shares or warrants 16

Treasury
Shares 16

Rights
attaching to Treasury Shares and related matters 16

3
Register
of Members 17

4
Share
certificates 17

Issue
of share certificates 17

Renewal
of lost or damaged share certificates 18

5
Lien
on Shares 19

Nature
and scope of lien 19

Company
may sell Shares to satisfy lien 19

Authority
to execute instrument of transfer 19

Consequences
of sale of Shares to satisfy lien 20

Application
of proceeds of sale 20

6
Calls
on Shares and forfeiture 20

Power
to make calls and effect of calls 20

Time
when call made 21

Liability
of joint holders 21

Interest
on unpaid calls 21

Deemed
calls 21

Power
to accept early payment 21

Power
to make different arrangements at time of issue of Shares 21

Notice
of default 22

Forfeiture
or surrender of Shares 22

Disposal
of forfeited or surrendered Share and power to cancel forfeiture or surrender 22

Effect
of forfeiture or surrender on former Member 22

Evidence
of forfeiture or surrender 23

Sale
of forfeited or surrendered Shares 23

2

7
Transfer
of Shares 23

Form
of transfer 23

Power
to refuse registration 24

Power
to suspend registration 24

Company
may retain instrument of transfer 24

8
Transmission
of Shares 24

Persons
entitled on death of a Member 24

Registration
of transfer of a Share following death or bankruptcy 24

Indemnity 25

Rights
of person entitled to a Share following death or bankruptcy 25

9
Alteration
of capital 25

Increasing,
consolidating, converting, dividing and cancelling share capital 25

Dealing
with fractions resulting from consolidation of Shares 26

Reducing
share capital 26

10
Redemption
and purchase of own Shares 26

Power
to issue redeemable Shares and to purchase own Shares 26

Power
to pay for redemption or purchase in cash or in specie 27

Effect
of redemption or purchase of a Share 27

11
Meetings
of Members 28

Power
to call meetings 28

Content
of notice 29

Period
of notice 29

Persons
entitled to receive notice 30

Publication
of notice on a website 30

Time
a website notice is deemed to be given 30

Required
duration of publication on a website 31

Accidental
omission to give notice or non-receipt of notice 31

12
Proceedings
at meetings of Members 31

Quorum 31

Lack
of quorum 31

Use
of technology 32

Chairman 32

Right
of a director to attend and speak 32

Adjournment 32

Method
of voting 32

Taking
of a poll 32

Chairmans
casting vote 33

Amendments
to resolutions 33

Written
resolutions 33

Sole-member
company 34

13
Voting
rights of Members 34

Right
to vote 34

Rights
of joint holders 35

3

Representation
of corporate Members 35

Member
with mental disorder 35

Objections
to admissibility of votes 36

Form
of proxy 36

How
and when proxy is to be delivered 36

14
Number
of directors 37

15
Appointment,
disqualification and removal of directors 38

No
age limit 38

Corporate
directors 38

No
shareholding qualification 38

Appointment
and removal of directors 38

Resignation
of directors 40

Termination
of the office of director 40

16
Alternate
directors 41

Appointment
and removal 41

Notices 42

Rights
of alternate director 42

Appointment
ceases when the appointer ceases to be a director 42

Status
of alternate director 42

Status
of the director making the appointment 43

17
Powers
of directors 43

Powers
of directors 43

Appointments
to office 43

Remuneration 44

Disclosure
of information 44

18
Delegation
of powers 45

Power
to delegate any of the directors powers to a committee 45

Power
to appoint an agent of the Company 45

Power
to appoint an attorney or authorised signatory of the Company 45

Power
to appoint a proxy 46

19
Meetings
of directors 46

Regulation
of directors meetings 46

Calling
meetings 46

Notice
of meetings 46

Period
of notice 46

Use
of technology 46

Place
of meetings 47

Quorum 47

Voting 47

Validity 47

Recording
of dissent 47

Written
resolutions 47

Sole
directors minute 48

4

20
Permissible
directors interests and disclosure 48

Permissible
interests subject to disclosure 48

Notification
of interests 48

Voting
where a director is interested in a matter 49

21
Minutes 49

22
Accounts
and audit 49

Accounting
and other records 49

No
automatic right of inspection 49

Sending
of accounts and reports 49

Time
of receipt if documents are published on a website 50

Validity
despite accidental error in publication on website 50

Audit 50

23
Financial
year 52

24
Record
dates 52

25
Dividends 52

Declaration
of dividends by Members 52

Payment
of interim dividends and declaration of final dividends by directors 52

Apportionment
of dividends 53

Right
of set off 53

Power
to pay other than in cash 54

How
payments may be made 54

Dividends
or other moneys not to bear interest in absence of special rights 55

Dividends
unable to be paid or unclaimed 55

26
Capitalisation
of profits 55

Capitalisation
of profits or of any share premium account or capital redemption reserve 55

Applying
an amount for the benefit of members 55

27
Share
premium account 56

Directors
to maintain share premium account 56

Debits
to share premium account 56

28
Seal 56

Company
seal 56

Duplicate
seal 56

When
and how seal is to be used 56

If
no seal is adopted or used 57

Power
to allow non-manual signatures and facsimile printing of seal 57

Validity
of execution 57

29
Indemnity 57

Indemnity 57

Release 58

Insurance 58

5

30
Notices 59

Form
of notices 59

Electronic
communications 59

Persons
authorised to give notices 59

Delivery
of written notices 59

Joint
holders 59

Signatures 60

Evidence
of transmission 60

Giving
notice to a deceased or bankrupt Member 60

Date
of giving notices 60

Saving
provision 61

31
Authentication
of Electronic Records 61

Application
of Articles 61

Authentication
of documents sent by Members by Electronic means 61

Authentication
of document sent by the Secretary or Officers of the Company by Electronic means 62

Manner
of signing 62

Saving
provision 62

32
Transfer
by way of continuation 62

33
Winding
up 63

Distribution
of assets in specie 63

No
obligation to accept liability 63

The
directors are authorised to present a winding up petition 63

34
Amendment
of Memorandum and Articles 63

Power
to change name or amend Memorandum 63

Power
to amend these Articles 64

35
Mergers
and Consolidations 64

36
Class
B Share Conversion 64

37
Business
Combination 65

38
Certain
Tax Filings 68

39
Business
Opportunities 68

6

Companies
Act (Revised)

Company
Limited by Shares

Amended
& Restated Articles of Association

of

Evergreen
Corporation

(Adopted
by special resolution passed on [DATE])

1 Definitions,
interpretation and exclusion of Table A

Definitions

1.1 In
these Articles, the following definitions apply:

Act
means the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time
being in force.

Affiliate
in respect of a person, means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such persons
spouse, parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption
or anyone residing in such persons home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural
person or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation
or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such entity.

Amendment
has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 37.11.

Amendment
Redemption Event has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 37.11.

Applicable
Law means, with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments,
decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person.

Approved
Amendment has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 37.11.

Articles
means, as appropriate:

(a) these
articles of association as amended from time to time: or

(b) two
or more particular articles of these Articles;

7

(c) and
Article refers to a particular article of these Articles.

Audit
Committee means the audit committee of the Company formed pursuant to Article 22.8 hereof, or any successor audit committee.

Auditor
means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company.

Automatic
Redemption Event shall have the meaning given to it in Article 37.2.

Business
Combination shall mean the initial acquisition by the Company, whether through a merger, share reconstruction or amalgamation, asset
or share acquisition, exchangeable share transaction, contractual control arrangement or other similar type of transaction, with a Target
Business at Fair Value, as set out further in Article 37.

Business
Day means a day other than (a) a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close
in New York City (b) a Saturday or (c) a Sunday.

Cayman
Islands means the British Overseas Territory of the Cayman Islands.

Class
A Share means a Class A ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Class
B Share means a Class B ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Class
B Share Entitlement means the right of the holders of the Class B Shares (including on an as-converted basis) to 20 per cent. of
all entitlements to income and capital arising in respect of all Shares in issue from time to time.

Clear
Days, in relation to a period of notice, means that period excluding:

(a) the
day when the notice is given or deemed to be given; and

(b) the
day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect.

Clearing
House means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are
listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction.

Company
means the above-named company.

Compensation
Committee means the compensation committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to Article 22.8 hereof,
or any successor committee.

Default
Rate means 10% (ten per cent) per annum.

8

Designated
Stock Exchange means Nasdaq Global Market or any other national securities exchange on which the Shares are listed for trading.

Electronic
has the meaning given to that term in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Electronic
Record has the meaning given to that term in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Electronic
Signature has the meaning given to that term in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Equity-Linked
Securities means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing
transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt.

Exchange
Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Fair
Value shall mean a value at least equal to 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriting fees and
any taxes payable on the Trust Account balance) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for a Business Combination.

Fully
Paid and Paid Up:

(a) in
relation to a Share with par value, means that the par value for that Share and any premium payable in respect of the issue of that
Share, has been fully paid or credited as paid in money or moneys worth;

(b) in
relation to a Share without par value, means that the agreed issue price for that Share has been fully paid or credited as paid in
money or moneys worth.

Independent
Director means a director who is an independent director as defined in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange
as determined by the directors.

Initial
Shareholders means the Sponsor, the directors and officers of the Company or their respective Affiliates who hold Shares prior to
the IPO.

IPO
means the initial public offering of units, consisting of Shares and warrants of the Company and rights to receive Shares of the
Company.

Member
means any person or persons entered on the Register of Members from time to time as the holder of a Share.

Memorandum
means the memorandum of association of the Company as amended from time to time.

9

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee means the compensation committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant
to Article 22.8 hereof, or any successor committee.

Officer
means a person then appointed to hold an office in the Company; and the expression includes a director, alternate director or liquidator.

Ordinary
Resolution means a resolution of a duly constituted general meeting of the Company passed by a simple majority of the votes cast
by, or on behalf of, the Members entitled to vote thereon. The expression also includes a unanimous written resolution.

Over-Allotment
Option means the option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 15% of the firm units (as described at Article 2.4) sold
in the IPO at a price equal to US$10.00 per unit, less underwriting discount and commissions.

Per-Share
Redemption Price means:

with
respect to an Automatic Redemption Event, the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account (including interest not previously released
to us, which shall be net of taxes payable, and less interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding
Public Shares;

with
respect to an Amendment Redemption Event, the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned but net of
taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares; and

with
respect to either a Tender Redemption Offer or a Redemption Offer, the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of
taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares.

Preference
Share means a preference share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Public
Share means the Class A Shares included in the units issued in the IPO (as described in Article 2.4).

Redemption
Offer has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 37.5(b).

Register
of Members means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Act and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch
or duplicate register of Members.

Registration
Statement has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 37.10.

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Secretary
means a person appointed to perform the duties of the secretary of the Company, including a joint, assistant or deputy secretary.

10

Share
means a Class A Share, Class B Share or a Preference Share in the share capital of the Company; and the expression:

(a) includes
stock (except where a distinction between shares and stock is expressed or implied); and

(b) where
the context permits, also includes a fraction of a share.

Special
Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the Act.

Sponsor
means Evergreen LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company and its successors and assigns, being the majority Initial Shareholder
immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO.

Sponsor
Group or Sponsor Group Related Person means the Sponsor and its respective Affiliates, successors and assigns, as defined
in Articles 39.1.

Target
Business means any businesses or entity with whom the Company wishes to undertake a Business Combination.

Target
Business Acquisition Period shall mean the period commencing from the effectiveness of the registration statement filed with the
SEC in connection with the Companys IPO up to and including the first to occur of (i) a Business Combination; or (ii) the Termination
Date.

Tax
Filing Authorised Person means such person as any director shall designate from time to time, acting severally.

Tender
Redemption Offer has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 37.5(a).

Termination
Date has the meaning given to it in Article 37.2.

Treasury
Shares means Shares of the Company held in treasury pursuant to the Act and Article 2.16.

Trust
Account means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the
net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of the proceeds of a private placement of warrants simultaneously with the closing
date of the IPO, will be deposited.

Underwriter
means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time, and any successor underwriter.

11

Interpretation

1.2 In
the interpretation of these Articles, the following provisions apply unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) A
reference in these Articles to a statute is a reference to a statute of the Cayman Islands as known by its short title, and includes:

(i) any
statutory modification, amendment or re-enactment; and

(ii) any
subordinate legislation or regulations issued under that statute.

Without
limitation to the preceding sentence, a reference to a revised Act of the Cayman Islands is taken to be a reference to the revision of
that Act in force from time to time as amended from time to time.

(b) Headings
are inserted for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation of these Articles, unless there is ambiguity.

(c) If
a day on which any act, matter or thing is to be done under these Articles is not a Business Day, the act, matter or thing must be
done on the next Business Day.

(d) A
word which denotes the singular also denotes the plural, a word which denotes the plural also denotes the singular, and a reference
to any gender also denotes the other genders.

(e) A
reference to a person includes, as appropriate, a company, trust, partnership, joint venture, association, body corporate or government
agency.

(f) Where
a word or phrase is given a defined meaning another part of speech or grammatical form in respect to that word or phrase has a corresponding
meaning.

(g) All
references to time are to be calculated by reference to time in the place where the Companys registered office is located.

(h) The
words written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in a visible form, but do not include an Electronic
Record where the distinction between a document in writing and an Electronic Record is expressed or implied.

(i) The
words including, include and in particular or any similar expression are to be construed without limitation.

Exclusion
of Table A Articles

1.3 The
regulations contained in Table A in the First Schedule of the Act and any other regulations contained in any statute or subordinate
legislation are expressly excluded and do not apply to the Company.

12

2 Shares

Power
to issue Shares and options, with or without special rights

2.1 Subject
to the provisions of the Act and these Articles and, where applicable, the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange and/or any competent
regulatory authority, and without prejudice to any rights attached to any existing Shares, the directors have general and unconditional
authority to allot (with or without confirming rights of renunciation), issue, grant options over or otherwise deal with any unissued
Shares of the Company to such persons, at such times and on such terms and conditions as they may decide, save that the directors
may not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise deal with any unissued Shares to the extent that it may affect the ability
of the Company to carry out a Class B Share Conversion described at Article 36. No Share may be issued at a discount except in accordance
with the provisions of the Act.

2.2 Without
limitation to the preceding Article, the directors may so deal with the unissued Shares of the Company:

(a) either
at a premium or at par;

(b) with
or without preferred, deferred or other special rights or restrictions whether in regard to dividend, voting, return of capital or
otherwise.

Notwithstanding
the above, following an IPO and prior to a Business Combination, except in connection with the conversion of Class B Shares into Class
A Shares pursuant to Article 36 where the holders of such Shares have waived any right to receive funds from the Trust Account, the Company
may not issue additional Shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (a) receive funds from the Trust Account or (b) vote as a class
with our Public Shares (i) on any Business Combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with
the completion of any Business Combination or (ii) to approve an amendment to these Articles to (x) extend the time we have to consummate
a Business Combination or (y) amend the foregoing provisions of this Article.

2.3 The
Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the
holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company at such times and on
such terms and conditions as the directors may decide.

2.4 The
Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible
securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any
class of Shares or other securities in the Company, on such terms and conditions as the directors may decide. The securities comprising
any such units which are issued pursuant to the IPO can only be traded separately from one another on the 52nd day following the
date of the prospectus relating to the IPO unless the managing Underwriter determines that an earlier date is acceptable, subject
to the Company having filed a current report on Form 8-K containing an audited balance sheet reflecting the Companys receipt
of the gross proceeds of the IPO with the SEC and a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Prior to such
date, the units can be traded, but the securities comprising such units cannot be traded separately from one another.

13

2.5 Each
Share in the Company confers upon the Member:

(a) subject
to Article 34, the right to one vote at a meeting of the Members of the Company or on any resolution of Members;

(b) the
right to be redeemed on an Automatic Redemption Event in accordance with Article 37.2 or pursuant to either a Tender Redemption Offer
or Redemption Offer in accordance with Article 37.5 or pursuant to an Amendment Redemption Event in accordance with Article 37.11;

(c) a
pro rata right in any dividend paid by the Company; and

(d) subject
to satisfaction of and compliance with Article 37, a pro rata right in the distribution of the surplus assets of the Company on its
liquidation provided that in the event that the Company enters liquidation prior to or without having consummated a Business Combination
then, in such circumstances, in the event any surplus assets (Residual Assets) of the Company remain following the Company
having complied with its applicable obligations to redeem Public Shares and distribute the funds held in the Trust Account in respect
of such redemptions pursuant to Article 37, the Public Shares shall not have any right to receive any share of those Residual Assets
which are held outside the Trust Account and such Residual Assets shall be distributed (on a pro rata basis) only in respect of those
Shares that are not Public Shares.

Power
to issue fractions of a Share

2.6 Subject
to the Act, the Company may, but shall not otherwise be obliged to, issue fractions of a Share of any class or round up or down fractional
holdings of Shares to its nearest whole number. A fraction of a Share shall be subject to and carry the corresponding fraction of
liabilities (whether with respect to calls or otherwise), limitations, preferences, privileges, qualifications, restrictions, rights
and other attributes of a Share of that class of Shares.

Power
to pay commissions and brokerage fees

2.7 The
Company may, in so far as the Act permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of that person:

(a) subscribing
or agreeing to subscribe, whether absolutely or conditionally; or

(b) procuring
or agreeing to procure subscriptions, whether absolute or conditional

for
any Shares in the Company. That commission may be satisfied by the payment of cash or the allotment of Fully Paid or partly-paid Shares
or partly in one way and partly in another.

14

2.8 The
Company may employ a broker in the issue of its capital and pay him any proper commission or brokerage.

Trusts
not recognised

2.9 Except
as required by Applicable Law:

(a) the
Company shall not be bound by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial
interest in any Share, or (except only as is otherwise provided by the Articles) any other rights in respect of any Share other than
an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the holder; and

(b) no
person other than the Member shall be recognised by the Company as having any right in a Share.

Power
to vary class rights

2.10 If
the share capital is divided into different classes of Shares then, unless the terms on which a class of Shares was issued state
otherwise, the rights attaching to a class of Shares may only be varied if one of the following applies:

(a) the
Members holding two thirds of the issued Shares of that class consent in writing to the variation; or

(b) the
variation is made with the sanction of a Special Resolution passed at a separate general meeting of the Members holding the issued
Shares of that class.

2.11 For
the purpose of paragraph (b) of the preceding Article, all the provisions of these Articles relating to general meetings apply, mutatis
mutandis, to every such separate meeting except that:

(a) the
necessary quorum shall be one or more persons holding, or representing by proxy, not less than one third of the issued Shares of
the class; and

(b) any
Member holding issued Shares of the class, present in person or by proxy or, in the case of a corporate Member, by its duly authorised
representative, may demand a poll.

2.12 Notwithstanding
Article 2.10, unless the proposed variation is for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with, the consummation of a Business
Combination, prior to a Business Combination but subject always to the limitations set out in Article 34 in respect of amendments
to the Memorandum and Articles, the rights attached to the Shares as specified in Article 2.5 may only, whether or not the Company
is being wound up, be varied by a Special Resolution, and any such variation that has to be approved under this Article shall also
be subject to compliance with Article 37.11.

15

Effect
of new Share issue on existing class rights

2.13 Unless
the terms on which a class of Shares was issued state otherwise, the rights conferred on the Member holding Shares of any class shall
not be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu with the existing Shares of that
class.

Capital
contributions without issue of further Shares

2.14 With
the consent of a Member, the directors may accept a voluntary contribution to the capital of the Company from that Member without
issuing Shares in consideration for that contribution. In that event, the contribution shall be dealt with in the following manner:

(a) It
shall be treated as if it were a share premium.

(b) Unless
the Member agrees otherwise:

(i) if
the Member holds Shares in a single class of Shares - it shall be credited to the share premium account for that class of Shares;

(ii) if
the Member holds Shares of more than one class - it shall be credited rateably to the share premium accounts for those classes of
Shares (in the proportion that the sum of the issue prices for each class of Shares that the Member holds bears to the total issue
prices for all classes of Shares that the Member holds).

(c) It
shall be subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles applicable to share premiums.

No
bearer Shares or warrants

2.15 The
Company shall not issue Shares or warrants to bearers.

Treasury
Shares

2.16 Shares
that the Company purchases, redeems or acquires by way of surrender in accordance with the Act shall be held as Treasury Shares and
not treated as cancelled if:

(a) the
directors so determine prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of those shares; and

(b) the
relevant provisions of the Memorandum and Articles and the Act are otherwise complied with.

Rights
attaching to Treasury Shares and related matters

2.17 No
dividend may be declared or paid, and no other distribution (whether in cash or otherwise) of the Companys assets (including
any distribution of assets to members on a winding up) may be made to the Company in respect of a Treasury Share.

16

2.18 The
Company shall be entered in the Register as the holder of the Treasury Shares. However:

(a) the
Company shall not be treated as a member for any purpose and shall not exercise any right in respect of the Treasury Shares, and
any purported exercise of such a right shall be void;

(b) a
Treasury Share shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting of the Company and shall not be counted in determining
the total number of issued shares at any given time, whether for the purposes of these Articles or the Act.

2.19 Nothing
in the preceding Article prevents an allotment of Shares as fully paid bonus shares in respect of a Treasury Share and Shares allotted
as fully paid bonus shares in respect of a Treasury Share shall be treated as Treasury Shares.

2.20 Treasury
Shares may be disposed of by the Company in accordance with the Act and otherwise on such terms and conditions as the directors determine.

3 Register
of Members

3.1 The
Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with the Act.

3.2 The
directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members in accordance with the Act. The directors
may also determine which Register of Members shall constitute the principal register and which shall constitute the branch register
or registers, and to vary such determination from time to time.

3.3 The
title to Public Shares may be evidenced and transferred in accordance with the laws applicable to the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange and, for these purposes, the Register of Members may be maintained in accordance with Article 40B of the
Act.

4 Share
certificates

Issue
of share certificates

4.1 A
Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the directors resolve that share certificates shall be issued. Share certificates
representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the directors may determine. If the directors resolve that share certificates
shall be issued, upon being entered in the register of Members as the holder of a Share, the directors may issue to any Member:

(a) without
payment, to one certificate for all the Shares of each class held by that Member (and, upon transferring a part of the Members
holding of Shares of any class, to a certificate for the balance of that holding); and

17

(b) upon
payment of such reasonable sum as the directors may determine for every certificate after the first, to several certificates each
for one or more of that Members Shares.

4.2 Every
certificate shall specify the number, class and distinguishing numbers (if any) of the Shares to which it relates and whether they
are Fully Paid or partly paid up. A certificate may be executed under seal or executed in such other manner as the directors determine.
All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall
be issued until the former certificate representing the same number of relevant Shares shall have been surrendered and cancelled.

4.3 Every
certificate shall bear legends required under the Applicable Laws.

4.4 The
Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by several persons and delivery of a certificate
for a Share to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them.

Renewal
of lost or damaged share certificates

4.5 If
a share certificate is defaced, worn-out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms (if any) as to:

(a) evidence;

(b) indemnity;

(c) payment
of the expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating the evidence; and

(d) payment
of a reasonable fee, if any, for issuing a replacement share certificate

as
the directors may determine, and (in the case of defacement or wearing-out) on delivery to the Company of the old certificate. The Company
will not be responsible for any share certificate lost or delayed in the course of delivery. Share certificates shall be issued within
the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Statute, if applicable, or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever
is shorter, after the allotment or, except in the case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled to refuse
to register and does not register, after lodgement of an instrument of transfer with the Company.

18

5 Lien
on Shares

Nature
and scope of lien

5.1 The
Company has a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether Fully Paid or not) registered in the name of a Member (whether solely
or jointly with others). The lien is for all moneys payable to the Company by the Member or the Members estate:

(a) either
alone or jointly with any other person, whether or not that other person is a Member; and

(b) whether
or not those moneys are presently payable.

5.2 At
any time the directors may declare any Share to be wholly or partly exempt from the provisions of this Article.

Company
may sell Shares to satisfy lien

5.3 The
Company may sell any Shares over which it has a lien if all of the following conditions are met:

(a) the
sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable;

(b) the
Company gives notice to the Member holding the Share (or to the person entitled to it in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of
that Member) demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with the Shares may be sold; and

(c) that
sum is not paid within 14 Clear Days after that notice is deemed to be given under these Articles.

5.4 The
Shares may be sold in such manner as the directors determine.

5.5 To
the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, the directors shall incur no personal liability to the Member concerned in respect
of the sale.

Authority
to execute instrument of transfer

5.6 To
give effect to a sale, the directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares sold to, or in accordance
with the directions of, the purchaser. The title of the transferee of the Shares shall not be affected by any irregularity or invalidity
in the proceedings in respect of the sale.

19

Consequences
of sale of Shares to satisfy lien

5.7 On
sale pursuant to the preceding Articles:

(a) the
name of the Member concerned shall be removed from the Register of Members as the holder of those Shares; and

(b) that
person shall deliver to the Company for cancellation the certificate for those Shares.

Despite
this, that person shall remain liable to the Company for all monies which, at the date of sale, were presently payable by him to the
Company in respect of those Shares. That person shall also be liable to pay interest on those monies from the date of sale until payment
at the rate at which interest was payable before that sale or, failing that, at the Default Rate. The directors may waive payment wholly
or in part or enforce payment without any allowance for the value of the Shares at the time of sale or for any consideration received
on their disposal.

Application
of proceeds of sale

5.8 The
net proceeds of the sale, after payment of the costs, shall be applied in payment of so much of the sum for which the lien exists
as is presently payable. Any residue shall be paid to the person whose Shares have been sold:

(a) if
no certificate for the Shares was issued, at the date of the sale; or

(b) if
a certificate for the Shares was issued, upon surrender to the Company of that certificate for cancellation

but,
in either case, subject to the Company retaining a like lien for all sums not presently payable as existed on the Shares before the sale.

6 Calls
on Shares and forfeiture

Power
to make calls and effect of calls

6.1 Subject
to the terms of allotment, the directors may make calls on the Members in respect of any moneys unpaid on their Shares including
any premium. The call may provide for payment to be by instalments. Subject to receiving at least 14 Clear Days notice specifying
when and where payment is to be made, each Member shall pay to the Company the amount called on his Shares as required by the notice.

6.2 Before
receipt by the Company of any sum due under a call, that call may be revoked in whole or in part and payment of a call may be postponed
in whole or in part. Where a call is to be paid in instalments, the Company may revoke the call in respect of all or any remaining
instalments in whole or in part and may postpone payment of all or any of the remaining instalments in whole or in part.

6.3 A
Member on whom a call is made shall remain liable for that call notwithstanding the subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect
of which the call was made. A person shall not be liable for calls made after such person is no longer registered as Member in respect
of those Shares.

20

Time
when call made

6.4 A
call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the directors authorising the call was passed.

Liability
of joint holders

6.5 Members
registered as the joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect of the Share.

Interest
on unpaid calls

6.6 If
a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the person from whom it is due and payable shall pay interest on the amount
unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid:

(a) at
the rate fixed by the terms of allotment of the Share or in the notice of the call; or

(b) if
no rate is fixed, at the Default Rate.

The
directors may waive payment of the interest wholly or in part.

Deemed
calls

6.7 Any
amount payable in respect of a Share, whether on allotment or on a fixed date or otherwise, shall be deemed to be payable as a call.
If the amount is not paid when due the provisions of these Articles shall apply as if the amount had become due and payable by virtue
of a call.

Power
to accept early payment

6.8 The
Company may accept from a Member the whole or a part of the amount remaining unpaid on Shares held by him although no part of that
amount has been called up.

Power
to make different arrangements at time of issue of Shares

6.9 Subject
to the terms of allotment, the directors may make arrangements on the issue of Shares to distinguish between Members in the amounts
and times of payment of calls on their Shares.

21

Notice
of default

6.10 If
a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the directors may give to the person from whom it is due not less than
14 Clear Days notice requiring payment of:

(a) the
amount unpaid;

(b) any
interest which may have accrued;

(c) any
expenses which have been incurred by the Company due to that persons default.

6.11 The
notice shall state the following:

(a) the
place where payment is to be made; and

(b) a
warning that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in respect of which the call is made will be liable to be forfeited.

Forfeiture
or surrender of Shares

6.12 If
the notice under the preceding Article is not complied with, the directors may, before the payment required by the notice has been
received, resolve that any Share the subject of that notice be forfeited. The forfeiture shall include all dividends or other moneys
payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture. Despite the foregoing, the directors may determine
that any Share the subject of that notice be accepted by the Company as surrendered by the Member holding that Share in lieu of forfeiture.

6.13 The
directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any Fully Paid Share.

Disposal
of forfeited or surrendered Share and power to cancel forfeiture or surrender

6.14 A
forfeited or surrendered Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as the directors
determine either to the former Member who held that Share or to any other person. The forfeiture or surrender may be cancelled on
such terms as the directors think fit at any time before a sale, re-allotment or other disposition. Where, for the purposes of its
disposal, a forfeited or surrendered Share is to be transferred to any person, the directors may authorise some person to execute
an instrument of transfer of the Share to the transferee.

Effect
of forfeiture or surrender on former Member

6.15 On
forfeiture or surrender:

(a) the
name of the Member concerned shall be removed from the Register of Members as the holder of those Shares and that person shall cease
to be a Member in respect of those Shares; and

(b) that
person shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate (if any) for the forfeited or surrendered Shares.

22

6.16 Despite
the forfeiture or surrender of his Shares, that person shall remain liable to the Company for all moneys which at the date of forfeiture
or surrender were presently payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares together with:

(a) all
expenses; and

(b) interest
from the date of forfeiture or surrender until payment:

(i) at
the rate of which interest was payable on those moneys before forfeiture; or

(ii) if
no interest was so payable, at the Default Rate.

The
directors, however, may waive payment wholly or in part.

Evidence
of forfeiture or surrender

6.17 A
declaration, whether statutory or under oath, made by a director or the Secretary shall be conclusive evidence of the following matters
stated in it as against all persons claiming to be entitled to forfeited Shares:

(a) that
the person making the declaration is a director or Secretary of the Company, and

(b) that
the particular Shares have been forfeited or surrendered on a particular date.

Subject
to the execution of an instrument of transfer, if necessary, the declaration shall constitute good title to the Shares.

Sale
of forfeited or surrendered Shares

6.18 Any
person to whom the forfeited or surrendered Shares are disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of the consideration,
if any, of those Shares nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity in, or invalidity of the proceedings in
respect of, the forfeiture, surrender or disposal of those Shares.

7 Transfer
of Shares

Form
of transfer

7.1 Subject
to the following Articles about the transfer of Shares, and provided that such transfer complies with applicable rules of the SEC,
the Designated Stock Exchange and federal and state securities laws of the United States, a Member may transfer Shares to another
person by completing an instrument of transfer in a common form or in a form prescribed by the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC
and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the directors,
executed:

(a) where
the Shares are Fully Paid, by or on behalf of that Member; and

(b) where
the Shares are partly paid, by or on behalf of that Member and the transferee.

23

7.2 The
transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee is entered into the Register of Members.

Power
to refuse registration

7.3 If
the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options or warrants issued pursuant to Article 2.4 on terms that one
cannot be transferred without the other, the directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory
to them of the like transfer of such option or warrant.

Power
to suspend registration

7.4 The
directors may suspend registration of the transfer of Shares at such times and for such periods, not exceeding 30 days in any calendar
year, as they determine.

Company
may retain instrument of transfer

7.5 The
Company shall be entitled to retain any instrument of transfer which is registered; but an instrument of transfer which the directors
refuse to register shall be returned to the person lodging it when notice of the refusal is given.

8 Transmission
of Shares

Persons
entitled on death of a Member

8.1 If
a Member dies, the only persons recognised by the Company as having any title to the deceased Members interest are the following:

(a) where
the deceased Member was a joint holder, the survivor or survivors; and

(b) where
the deceased Member was a sole holder, that Members personal representative or representatives.

8.2 Nothing
in these Articles shall release the deceased Members estate from any liability in respect of any Share, whether the deceased
was a sole holder or a joint holder.

Registration
of transfer of a Share following death or bankruptcy

8.3 A
person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member may elect to do either of the following:

(a) to
become the holder of the Share; or

(b) to
transfer the Share to another person.

24

8.4 That
person must produce such evidence of his entitlement as the directors may properly require.

8.5 If
the person elects to become the holder of the Share, he must give notice to the Company to that effect. For the purposes of these
Articles, that notice shall be treated as though it were an executed instrument of transfer.

8.6 If
the person elects to transfer the Share to another person then:

(a) if
the Share is Fully Paid, the transferor must execute an instrument of transfer; and

(b) if
the Share is partly paid, the transferor and the transferee must execute an instrument of transfer.

8.7 All
the Articles relating to the transfer of Shares shall apply to the notice or, as appropriate, the instrument of transfer.

Indemnity

8.8 A
person registered as a Member by reason of the death or bankruptcy of another Member shall indemnify the Company and the directors
against any loss or damage suffered by the Company or the directors as a result of that registration.

Rights
of person entitled to a Share following death or bankruptcy

8.9 A
person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy of a Member shall have the rights to which he would be entitled
if he were registered as the holder of the Share. However, until he is registered as Member in respect of the Share, he shall not
be entitled to attend or vote at any meeting of the Company or at any separate meeting of the holders of that class of Shares in
the Company.

9 Alteration
of capital

Increasing,
consolidating, converting, dividing and cancelling share capital

9.1 To
the fullest extent permitted by the Act, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution do any of the following and amend its Memorandum
for that purpose:

(a) increase
its share capital by new Shares of the amount fixed by that Ordinary Resolution and with the attached rights, priorities and privileges
set out in that Ordinary Resolution;

(b) consolidate
and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing Shares;

(c) convert
all or any of its Paid Up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into Paid Up Shares of any denomination;

25

(d) sub-divide
its Shares or any of them into Shares of an amount smaller than that fixed by the Memorandum, so, however, that in the sub-division,
the proportion between the amount paid and the amount, if any, unpaid on each reduced Share shall be the same as it was in case of
the Share from which the reduced Share is derived; and

(e) cancel
Shares which, at the date of the passing of that Ordinary Resolution, have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person, and
diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled or, in the case of Shares without nominal par value,
diminish the number of Shares into which its capital is divided.

Dealing
with fractions resulting from consolidation of Shares

9.2 Whenever,
as a result of a consolidation of Shares, any Members would become entitled to fractions of a Share the directors may on behalf of
those Members:

(a) sell
the Shares representing the fractions for the best price reasonably obtainable to any person (including, subject to the provisions
of the Act, the Company); and

(b) distribute
the net proceeds in due proportion among those Members.

For
that purpose, the directors may authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares to, or in accordance with the
directions of, the purchaser. The transferee shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money nor shall the transferees
title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity in, or invalidity of, the proceedings in respect of the sale.

Reducing
share capital

9.3 Subject
to the Act and to any rights for the time being conferred on the Members holding a particular class of Shares, the Company may, by
Special Resolution, reduce its share capital in any way.

10 Redemption
and purchase of own Shares

Power
to issue redeemable Shares and to purchase own Shares

10.1 Subject
to the Act and Article 37, and to any rights for the time being conferred on the Members holding a particular class of Shares, and,
where applicable, the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange and/or any competent regulatory authority, the Company may by its directors:

(a) issue
Shares that are to be redeemed or liable to be redeemed, at the option of the Company or the Member holding those redeemable Shares,
on the terms and in the manner its directors determine before the issue of those Shares;

(b) with
the consent by Special Resolution of the Members holding Shares of a particular class, vary the rights attaching to that class of
Shares so as to provide that those Shares are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Company on the terms
and in the manner which the directors determine at the time of such variation; and

26

(c) purchase
all or any of its own Shares of any class including any redeemable Shares on the terms and in the manner which the directors determine
at the time of such purchase.

The
Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner authorised by the Act, including
out of any combination of the following: capital, its profits and the proceeds of a fresh issue of Shares.

10.2 With
respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares:

(a) Members
who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances described in Article 37.5;

(b) Class
B Shares held by the Sponsor shall, following consummation of the IPO, be surrendered by the Sponsor on a pro rata basis for no consideration
to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that the Class B Shares will at all times represent 20%
of the Companys issued Shares after the IPO; and

(c) Public
Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in Article 37.5.

Power
to pay for redemption or purchase in cash or in specie

10.3 When
making a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of Shares, the directors may make the payment in cash or in specie (or
partly in one and partly in the other) if so authorised by the terms of the allotment of those Shares, or by the terms applying to
those Shares in accordance with Article 10.1, or otherwise by agreement with the Member holding those Shares.

Effect
of redemption or purchase of a Share

10.4 Upon
the date of redemption or purchase of a Share:

(a) the
Member holding that Share shall cease to be entitled to any rights in respect of the Share other than the right to receive:

(b) the
price for the Share; and

(c) any
dividend declared in respect of the Share prior to the date of redemption or purchase;

(d) the
Members name shall be removed from the Register of Members with respect to the Share; and

27

(e) the
Share shall be cancelled or held as a Treasury Shares, as the directors may determine.

For
the purpose of this Article, the date of redemption or purchase is the date when the redemption or purchase falls due.

10.5 For
the avoidance of doubt, redemptions and repurchases of Shares in the circumstances described in Articles 10.2(a), 10.2(b) and 10.2(c)
above shall not require further approval of the Members.

11 Meetings
of Members

Power
to call meetings

11.1 To
the extent required by the Designated Stock Exchange, an annual general meeting of the Company shall be held no later than one year
after the first financial year end occurring after the IPO, and shall be held in each year thereafter at such time as determined
by the directors and the Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Act or the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock
Exchange) be obliged to, in each year hold any other general meeting.

11.2 The
agenda of the annual general meeting shall be set by the directors and shall include the presentation of the Companys annual
accounts and the report of the directors (if any).

11.3 Annual
general meetings shall be held in New York, USA or in such other places as the directors may determine.

11.4 All
general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general meetings and the Company shall specify
the meeting as such in the notices calling it.

11.5 The
directors may call a general meeting at any time.

11.6 If
there are insufficient directors to constitute a quorum and the remaining directors are unable to agree on the appointment of additional
directors, the directors must call a general meeting for the purpose of appointing additional directors.

11.7 The
directors must also call a general meeting if requisitioned in the manner set out in the next two Articles.

11.8 The
requisition must be in writing and given by one or more Members who together hold at least 10% of the rights to vote at such general
meeting.

11.9 The
requisition must also:

(a) specify
the purpose of the meeting.

28

(b) be
signed by or on behalf of each requisitioner (and for this purpose each joint holder shall be obliged to sign). The requisition may
consist of several documents in like form signed by one or more of the requisitioners.

(c) be
delivered in accordance with the notice provisions.

11.10 Should
the directors fail to call a general meeting within 21 Clear Days from the date of receipt of a requisition, the requisitioners or
any of them may call a general meeting within three months after the end of that period.

11.11 Without
limitation to the foregoing, if there are insufficient directors to constitute a quorum and the remaining directors are unable to
agree on the appointment of additional directors, any one or more Members who together hold at least 10% of the rights to vote at
a general meeting may call a general meeting for the purpose of considering the business specified in the notice of meeting which
shall include as an item of business the appointment of additional directors.

11.12 Members
seeking to bring business before the annual general meeting or to nominate candidates for election as Directors at the annual general
meeting must deliver notice to the principal executive offices of the Company not later than the close of business on the 90th day
nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual general meeting.

Content
of notice

11.13 Notice
of a general meeting shall specify each of the following:

(a) the
place, the date and the hour of the meeting;

(b) if
the meeting is to be held in two or more places, the technology that will be used to facilitate the meeting;

(c) subject
to paragraph (d), the general nature of the business to be transacted; and

(d) if
a resolution is proposed as a Special Resolution, the text of that resolution.

11.14 In
each notice there shall appear with reasonable prominence the following statements:

(a) that
a Member who is entitled to attend and vote is entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend and vote instead of that Member;
and

(b) that
a proxyholder need not be a Member.

Period
of notice

11.15 At
least five Clear Days notice of a general meeting must be given to Members, provided that a general meeting of the Company
shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been given and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding
general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed:

(a) in
the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and

(b) in
the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having a right to attend and vote at the meeting,
together holding not less than 95% in par value of the Shares giving that right.

29

Persons
entitled to receive notice

11.16 Subject
to the provisions of these Articles and to any restrictions imposed on any Shares, the notice shall be given to the following people:

(a) the
Members;

(b) persons
entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member; and

(c) the
directors.

Publication
of notice on a website

11.17 Subject
to the Act or the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange, a notice of a general meeting may be published on a website providing the
recipient is given separate notice of:

(a) the
publication of the notice on the website;

(b) the
place on the website where the notice may be accessed;

(c) how
it may be accessed; and

(d) the
place, date and time of the general meeting.

11.18 If
a Member notifies the Company that he is unable for any reason to access the website, the Company must as soon as practicable give
notice of the meeting to that Member by any other means permitted by these Articles. This will not affect when that Member is deemed
to have received notice of the meeting.

Time
a website notice is deemed to be given

11.19 A
website notice is deemed to be given when the Member is given notice of its publication.

30

Required
duration of publication on a website

11.20 Where
the notice of meeting is published on a website, it shall continue to be published in the same place on that website from the date
of the notification until at least the conclusion of the meeting to which the notice relates.

Accidental
omission to give notice or non-receipt of notice

11.21 Proceedings
at a meeting shall not be invalidated by the following:

(a) an
accidental failure to give notice of the meeting to any person entitled to notice; or

(b) non-receipt
of notice of the meeting by any person entitled to notice.

11.22 In
addition, where a notice of meeting is published on a website, proceedings at the meeting shall not be invalidated merely because
it is accidentally published:

(a) in
a different place on the website; or

(b) for
part only of the period from the date of the notification until the conclusion of the meeting to which the notice relates.

12 Proceedings
at meetings of Members

Quorum

12.1 Save
as provided in the following Article, no business shall be transacted at any meeting unless a quorum is present in person or by proxy.
One or more Members who together hold not less than a majority of the issued and outstanding Shares entitled to attend and vote at
such meeting being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised
representative or proxy shall be a quorum.

Lack
of quorum

12.2 If
a quorum is not present within 15 minutes of the time appointed for the meeting, or if at any time during the meeting it becomes
inquorate, then the following provisions apply:

(a) If
the meeting was requisitioned by Members, it shall be cancelled.

(b) In
any other case, the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same time and place seven days hence, or to such other time or place as
is determined by the directors. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes of the time appointed for the adjourned meeting, then
the meeting shall be dissolved.

31

Use
of technology

12.3 A
person may participate in a general meeting through the medium of conference telephone, video or any other form of communications
equipment providing all persons participating in the meeting are able to hear and speak to each other throughout the meeting. A person
participating in this way is deemed to be present in person at the meeting.

Chairman

12.4 The
chairman of a general meeting shall be the chairman of the board or such other director as the directors have nominated to chair
board meetings in the absence of the chairman of the board. Absent any such person being present within 15 minutes of the time appointed
for the meeting, the directors present shall elect one of their number to chair the meeting.

12.5 If
no director is present within 15 minutes of the time appointed for the meeting, or if no director is willing to act as chairman,
the Members present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote shall choose one of their number to chair the meeting.

Right
of a director to attend and speak

12.6 Even
if a director is not a Member, he shall be entitled to attend and speak at any general meeting and at any separate meeting of Members
holding a particular class of Shares in the Company.

Adjournment

12.7 The
chairman may at any time adjourn a meeting with the consent of the Members constituting a quorum. The chairman must adjourn the meeting
if so directed by the meeting. No business, however, can be transacted at an adjourned meeting other than business which might properly
have been transacted at the original meeting.

12.8 Should
a meeting be adjourned for more than twenty Clear Days, whether because of a lack of quorum or otherwise, Members shall be given
at least five Clear Days notice of the date, time and place of the adjourned meeting and the general nature of the business
to be transacted. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any notice of the adjournment.

Method
of voting

12.9 A
resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll.

Taking
of a poll

12.10 A
poll demanded on the question of adjournment shall be taken immediately.

12.11 A
poll demanded on any other question shall be taken either immediately or at an adjourned meeting at such time and place as the chairman
directs, not being more than 30 Clear Days after the poll was demanded.

32

12.12 The
demand for a poll shall not prevent the meeting continuing to transact any business other than the question on which the poll was
demanded.

12.13 A
poll shall be taken in such manner as the chairman directs. He may appoint scrutineers (who need not be Members) and fix a place
and time for declaring the result of the poll. If, through the aid of technology, the meeting is held in more than place, the chairman
may appoint scrutineers in more than place; but if he considers that the poll cannot be effectively monitored at that meeting, the
chairman shall adjourn the holding of the poll to a date, place and time when that can occur.

Chairmans
casting vote

12.14 If
the votes on a resolution are equal, the chairman may if he wishes exercise a casting vote.

Amendments
to resolutions

12.15 An
Ordinary Resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by Ordinary Resolution if:

(a) not
less than 48 hours before the meeting is to take place (or such later time as the chairman of the meeting may determine), notice
of the proposed amendment is given to the Company in writing by a Member entitled to vote at that meeting; and

(b) the
proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the chairman of the meeting, materially alter the scope of the resolution.

12.16 A
Special Resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by Ordinary Resolution, if:

(a) the
chairman of the meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting at which the resolution is to be proposed, and

(b) the
amendment does not go beyond what the chairman considers is necessary to correct a grammatical or other non-substantive error in
the resolution.

12.17 If
the chairman of the meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an amendment to a resolution is out of order, the chairmans
error does not invalidate the vote on that resolution.

Written
resolutions

12.18 Members
may pass a resolution in writing without holding a meeting if the following conditions are met:

(a) all
Members entitled so to vote are given notice of the resolution as if the same were being proposed at a meeting of Members;

(b) all
Members entitled so to vote :

(i) sign
a document; or

(ii) sign
several documents in the like form each signed by one or more of those Members; and

33

(c) the
signed document or documents is or are delivered to the Company, including, if the Company so nominates, by delivery of an Electronic
Record by Electronic means to the address specified for that purpose.

Such
written resolution shall be as effective as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Members entitled to vote duly convened and held.

12.19 If
a written resolution is described as a Special Resolution or as an Ordinary Resolution, it has effect accordingly.

12.20 The
directors may determine the manner in which written resolutions shall be put to Members. In particular, they may provide, in the
form of any written resolution, for each Member to indicate, out of the number of votes the Member would have been entitled to cast
at a meeting to consider the resolution, how many votes he wishes to cast in favour of the resolution and how many against the resolution
or to be treated as abstentions. The result of any such written resolution shall be determined on the same basis as on a poll.

Sole-member
company

12.21 If
the Company has only one Member, and the Member records in writing his decision on a question, that record shall constitute both
the passing of a resolution and the minute of it.

13 Voting
rights of Members

Right
to vote

13.1 Unless
their Shares carry no right to vote, or unless a call or other amount presently payable has not been paid, all Members are entitled
to vote at a general meeting, and all Members holding Shares of a particular class of Shares are entitled to vote at a meeting of
the holders of that class of Shares.

13.2 Members
may vote in person or by proxy.

13.3 Every
Member shall have one vote for each Share he holds, unless any Share carries special voting rights.

13.4 A
fraction of a Share shall entitle its holder to an equivalent fraction of one vote.

13.5 No
Member is bound to vote on his Shares or any of them; nor is he bound to vote each of his Shares in the same way.

34

Rights
of joint holders

13.6 If
Shares are held jointly, only one of the joint holders may vote. If more than one of the joint holders tenders a vote, the vote of
the holder whose name in respect of those Shares appears first in the Register of Members shall be accepted to the exclusion of the
votes of the other joint holder.

Representation
of corporate Members

13.7 Save
where otherwise provided, a corporate Member must act by a duly authorised representative.

13.8 A
corporate Member wishing to act by a duly authorised representative must identify that person to the Company by notice in writing.

13.9 The
authorisation may be for any period of time, and must be delivered to the Company not less than two hours before the commencement
of the meeting at which it is first used.

13.10 The
directors of the Company may require the production of any evidence which they consider necessary to determine the validity of the
notice.

13.11 Where
a duly authorised representative is present at a meeting that Member is deemed to be present in person; and the acts of the duly
authorised representative are personal acts of that Member.

13.12 A
corporate Member may revoke the appointment of a duly authorised representative at any time by notice to the Company; but such revocation
will not affect the validity of any acts carried out by the duly authorised representative before the directors of the Company had
actual notice of the revocation.

13.13 If
a clearing house (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise such persons as it sees fit to act as its
representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the authorisation shall specify
the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised. Each person so authorised under the
provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without further evidence of the facts and be entitled to
exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the clearing house (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was the registered holder
of such Shares held by the clearing house (or its nominee(s)).

Member
with mental disorder

13.14 A
Member in respect of whom an order has been made by any court having jurisdiction (whether in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere) in
matters concerning mental disorder may vote, by that Members receiver, curator bonis or other person authorised in that behalf
appointed by that court.

35

13.15 For
the purpose of the preceding Article, evidence to the satisfaction of the directors of the authority of the person claiming to exercise
the right to vote must be received not less than 24 hours before holding the relevant meeting or the adjourned meeting in any manner
specified for the delivery of forms of appointment of a proxy, whether in writing or by Electronic means. In default, the right to
vote shall not be exercisable.

Objections
to admissibility of votes

13.16 An
objection to the validity of a persons vote may only be raised at the meeting or at the adjourned meeting at which the vote
is sought to be tendered. Any objection duly made shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be final and conclusive.

Form
of proxy

13.17 An
instrument appointing a proxy shall be in any common form or in any other form approved by the directors.

13.18 The
instrument must be in writing and signed in one of the following ways:

(a) by
the Member; or

(b) by
the Members authorised attorney; or

(c) if
the Member is a corporation or other body corporate, under seal or signed by an authorised officer, secretary or attorney.

If
the directors so resolve, the Company may accept an Electronic Record of that instrument delivered in the manner specified below and
otherwise satisfying the Articles about authentication of Electronic Records.

13.19 The
directors may require the production of any evidence which they consider necessary to determine the validity of any appointment of
a proxy.

13.20 A
Member may revoke the appointment of a proxy at any time by notice to the Company duly signed in accordance with the Article above
about signing proxies; but such revocation will not affect the validity of any acts carried out by the proxy before the directors
of the Company had actual notice of the revocation.

How
and when proxy is to be delivered

13.21 Subject
to the following Articles, the form of appointment of a proxy and any authority under which it is signed (or a copy of the authority
certified notarially or in any other way approved by the directors) must be delivered so that it is received by the Company not less
than 48 hours before the time for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the person named in the form of appointment of
proxy proposes to vote. They must be delivered in either of the following ways:

(a) In
the case of an instrument in writing, it must be left at or sent by post:

(i) to
the registered office of the Company; or

36

(ii) to
such other place specified in the notice convening the meeting or in any form of appointment of proxy sent out by the Company in
relation to the meeting.

(b) If,
pursuant to the notice provisions, a notice may be given to the Company in an Electronic Record, an Electronic Record of an appointment
of a proxy must be sent to the address specified pursuant to those provisions unless another address for that purpose is specified:

(i) in
the notice convening the meeting; or

(ii) in
any form of appointment of a proxy sent out by the Company in relation to the meeting; or

(iii) in
any invitation to appoint a proxy issued by the Company in relation to the meeting.

13.22 Where
a poll is taken:

(a) if
it is taken more than seven Clear Days after it is demanded, the form of appointment of a proxy and any accompanying authority (or
an Electronic Record of the same) must be delivered as required under the preceding Article not less than 24 hours before the time
appointed for the taking of the poll;

(b) but
if it to be taken within seven Clear Days after it was demanded, the form of appointment of a proxy and any accompanying authority
(or an Electronic Record of the same) must be e delivered as required under the preceding Article not less than two hours before
the time appointed for the taking of the poll.

13.23 If
the form of appointment of proxy is not delivered on time, it is invalid.

Voting
by proxy

13.24 A
proxy shall have the same voting rights at a meeting or adjourned meeting as the Member would have had except to the extent that
the instrument appointing him limits those rights. Notwithstanding the appointment of a proxy, a Member may attend and vote at a
meeting or adjourned meeting. If a Member votes on any resolution a vote by his proxy on the same resolution, unless in respect of
different Shares, shall be invalid.

14 Number
of directors

Unless
otherwise determined by Ordinary Resolution, the minimum number of directors shall be one and there shall be no maximum.

37

15 Appointment,
disqualification and removal of directors

No
age limit

15.1 There
is no age limit for directors save that they must be aged at least 18 years.

Corporate
directors

15.2 Unless
prohibited by law, a body corporate may be a director. If a body corporate is a director, the Articles about representation of corporate
Members at general meetings apply, mutatis mutandis, to the Articles about directors meetings.

No
shareholding qualification

15.3 Unless
a shareholding qualification for directors is fixed by Ordinary Resolution, no director shall be required to own Shares as a condition
of his appointment.

Appointment
and removal of directors

15.4 The
directors shall be divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III. The number of directors in each class shall be as
nearly equal as possible. Immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO, the existing directors shall by resolution classify themselves
as Class I, Class II or Class III directors. The Class I directors shall stand elected for a term expiring at the Companys
first annual general meeting, the Class II directors shall stand elected for a term expiring at the Companys second annual
general meeting and the Class III directors shall stand elected for a term expiring at the Companys third annual general meeting.
Commencing at the Companys first annual general meeting, and at each annual general meeting thereafter, directors elected
to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual general
meeting after their election. All directors shall hold office until the expiration of their respective terms of office and until
their successors shall have been elected and qualified.

15.5 Prior
to the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares appoint any
person to be a director or may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares remove any director. For the avoidance
of doubt, prior to the closing of a Business Combination holders of Class A Shares shall have no right to vote on the appointment
or removal of any director. Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, this Article may only be amended by a Special Resolution
passed by holders representing at least 90% of the outstanding Class B Shares.

15.6 Subject
to Article 15.4 and 15.5, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be a director.

15.7 Subject
to death, resignation or removal, and with the exception of those directors appointed prior to the first annual general meeting of
the Company, each director shall serve a term of office that will expire at the third succeeding annual general meeting after their
appointment or election.

38

15.8 A
director may be removed from office with or without cause by:

(a) (following
the consummation of the Business Combination but not at any time before) an Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Members called
for the purposes of removing the director or for purposes including the removal of the director; or

(b) subject
to Article 15.4 and 15.5, a resolution of directors passed at a meeting of directors.

15.9 The
directors shall have power at any time to appoint any person to be a director who:

(a) is
recommended as a director nominee by a majority of the Independent Directors; and

(b) is
willing to act as a director,

either
to fill a vacancy or as an additional director. A director elected to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal
of a director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the director whose death, resignation or removal shall have created such
vacancy and until his successor shall have been elected and qualified. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the closing of a Business
Combination, holders of Class A Shares shall have no right to vote on the appointment or removal of any director. After the closing of
a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be a director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove
any director.

15.10 Notwithstanding
the other provisions of these Articles, in any case where, as a result of death, the Company has no directors and no shareholders,
the personal representatives of the last shareholder to have died have the power, by notice in writing to the Company, to appoint
a person to be a director. For the purpose of this Article:

(a) where
two or more shareholders die in circumstances rendering it uncertain who was the last to die, a younger shareholder is deemed to
have survived an older shareholder;

(b) if
the last shareholder died leaving a will which disposes of that shareholders shares in the Company (whether by way of specific
gift, as part of the residuary estate, or otherwise):

(i) the
expression personal representatives of the last shareholder means:

(A) until
a grant of probate in respect of that will has been obtained from the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, all of the executors named
in that will who are living at the time the power of appointment under this Article is exercised; and

39

(B) after
such grant of probate has been obtained, only such of those executors who have proved that will;

(ii) without
derogating from section 3(1) of the Succession Act (Revised), the executors named in that will may exercise the power of appointment
under this Article without first obtaining a grant of probate.

15.11 A
remaining director may appoint a director even though there is not a quorum of directors.

15.12 No
appointment can cause the number of directors to exceed the maximum; and any such appointment shall be invalid.

15.13 For
so long as Shares are listed on a Designated Stock Exchange, the directors shall include at least such number of Independent Directors
as Applicable Law or the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange require, subject to applicable phase-in rules of
the Designated Stock Exchange.

Resignation
of directors

15.14 A
director may at any time resign office by giving to the Company notice in writing or, if permitted pursuant to the notice provisions,
in an Electronic Record delivered in either case in accordance with those provisions.

15.15 Unless
the notice specifies a different date, the director shall be deemed to have resigned on the date that the notice is delivered to
the Company.

Termination
of the office of director

15.16 A
directors office shall be terminated forthwith if:

(a) he
is prohibited by the law of the Cayman Islands from acting as a director; or

(b) he
is made bankrupt or makes an arrangement or composition with his creditors generally; or

(c) in
the opinion of a registered medical practitioner by whom he is being treated he becomes physically or mentally incapable of acting
as a director; or

(d) he
is made subject to any law relating to mental health or incompetence, whether by court order or otherwise;

(e) without
the consent of the other directors, he is absent from meetings of directors for a continuous period of six months; or

(f) all
of the other directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed as a director, either by a resolution
passed by all of the other directors at a meeting of the directors duly convened and held in accordance with the Articles or by a
resolution in writing signed by all of the other directors.

40

16 Alternate
directors

Appointment
and removal

Until
the consummation of a Business Combination, a director may not appoint an alternate. Following the consummation of a Business Combination,
Articles 16.2 to 16.5 inclusive shall apply.

Subject
to Article 16.1, any director may appoint any other person, including another director, to act in his place as an alternate director.
No appointment shall take effect until the director has given notice of the appointment to the other directors. Such notice must be given
to each other director by either of the following methods:

(a) by
notice in writing in accordance with the notice provisions;

(b) if
the other director has an email address, by emailing to that address a scanned copy of the notice as a PDF attachment (the PDF version
being deemed to be the notice unless Article 31.7 applies), in which event notice shall be taken to be given on the date of receipt
by the recipient in readable form. For the avoidance of doubt, the same email may be sent to the email address of more than one director
(and to the email address of the Company pursuant to Article 16.4(c)).

16.1 Without
limitation to the preceding Article, a director may appoint an alternate for a particular meeting by sending an email to his fellow
directors informing them that they are to take such email as notice of such appointment for such meeting. Such appointment shall
be effective without the need for a signed notice of appointment or the giving of notice to the Company in accordance with Article
16.4.

16.2 A
director may revoke his appointment of an alternate at any time. No revocation shall take effect until the director has given notice
of the revocation to the other directors. Such notice must be given by either of the methods specified in Article 16.2.

16.3 A
notice of appointment or removal of an alternate director must also be given to the Company by any of the following methods:

(a) by
notice in writing in accordance with the notice provisions;

(b) if
the Company has a facsimile address for the time being, by sending by facsimile transmission to that facsimile address a facsimile
copy or, otherwise, by sending by facsimile transmission to the facsimile address of the Companys registered office a facsimile
copy (in either case, the facsimile copy being deemed to be the notice unless Article 31.7 applies), in which event notice shall
be taken to be given on the date of an error-free transmission report from the senders fax machine;

41

(c) if
the Company has an email address for the time being, by emailing to that email address a scanned copy of the notice as a PDF attachment
or, otherwise, by emailing to the email address provided by the Companys registered office a scanned copy of the notice as
a PDF attachment (in either case, the PDF version being deemed to be the notice unless Article 31.7 applies), in which event notice
shall be taken to be given on the date of receipt by the Company or the Companys registered office (as appropriate) in readable
form; or

(d) if
permitted pursuant to the notice provisions, in some other form of approved Electronic Record delivered in accordance with those
provisions in writing.

Notices

16.4 All
notices of meetings of directors shall continue to be given to the appointing director and not to the alternate.

Rights
of alternate director

16.5 An
alternate director shall be entitled to attend and vote at any board meeting or meeting of a committee of the directors at which
the appointing director is not personally present, and generally to perform all the functions of the appointing director in his absence.

16.6 For
the avoidance of doubt:

(a) if
another director has been appointed an alternate director for one or more directors, he shall be entitled to a separate vote in his
own right as a director and in right of each other director for whom he has been appointed an alternate; and

(b) if
a person other than a director has been appointed an alternate director for more than one director, he shall be entitled to a separate
vote in right of each director for whom he has been appointed an alternate.

16.7 An
alternate director, however, is not entitled to receive any remuneration from the Company for services rendered as an alternate director.

Appointment
ceases when the appointer ceases to be a director

16.8 An
alternate director shall cease to be an alternate director if the director who appointed him ceases to be a director.

Status
of alternate director

16.9 An
alternate director shall carry out all functions of the director who made the appointment.

16.10 Save
where otherwise expressed, an alternate director shall be treated as a director under these Articles.

42

16.11 An
alternate director is not the agent of the director appointing him.

16.12 An
alternate director is not entitled to any remuneration for acting as alternate director.

Status
of the director making the appointment

16.13 A
director who has appointed an alternate is not thereby relieved from the duties which he owes the Company.

17 Powers
of directors

Powers
of directors

17.1 Subject
to the provisions of the Act, the Memorandum and these Articles, the business of the Company shall be managed by the directors who
may for that purpose exercise all the powers of the Company.

17.2 No
prior act of the directors shall be invalidated by any subsequent alteration of the Memorandum or these Articles. However, to the
extent allowed by the Act, following the consummation of the IPO Members may by Special Resolution validate any prior or future act
of the directors which would otherwise be in breach of their duties.

Appointments
to office

17.3 The
directors may appoint a director:

(a) as
chairman of the board of directors;

(b) as
vice-chairman of the board of directors;

(c) as
managing director;

(d) to
any other executive office

for
such period and on such terms, including as to remuneration, as they think fit.

17.4 The
appointee must consent in writing to holding that office.

17.5 Where
a chairman is appointed he shall, unless unable to do so, preside at every meeting of directors.

17.6 If
there is no chairman, or if the chairman is unable to preside at a meeting, that meeting may select its own chairman; or the directors
may nominate one of their number to act in place of the chairman should he ever not be available.

43

17.7 Subject
to the provisions of the Act, the directors may also appoint any person, who need not be a director:

(a) as
Secretary; and

(b) to
any office that may be required (including, for the avoidance of doubt, one or more chief executive officers, presidents, a chief
financial officer, a treasurer, vice-presidents, one or more assistant vice-presidents, one or more assistant treasurers and one
or more assistant secretaries),

for
such period and on such terms, including as to remuneration, as they think fit. In the case of an Officer, that Officer may be given
any title the directors decide.

17.8 The
Secretary or Officer must consent in writing to holding that office.

17.9 A
director, Secretary or other Officer of the Company may not hold the office, or perform the services, of Auditor.

Remuneration

17.10 The
remuneration to be paid to the directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the directors shall determine, provided that no cash
remuneration shall be paid to any director prior to the consummation of a Business Combination. The directors shall also, whether
prior to or after the consummation of a Business Combination, be entitled to be paid all out of pocket expenses properly incurred
by them in connection with activities on behalf of the Company, including identifying and consummating a Business Combination.

17.11 Remuneration
may take any form and may include arrangements to pay pensions, health insurance, death or sickness benefits, whether to the director
or to any other person connected to or related to him.

17.12 Unless
his fellow directors determine otherwise, a director is not accountable to the Company for remuneration or other benefits received
from any other company which is in the same group as the Company or which has common shareholdings.

Disclosure
of information

17.13 The
directors may release or disclose to a third party any information regarding the affairs of the Company, including any information
contained in the Register of Members relating to a Member, (and they may authorise any director, Officer or other authorised agent
of the Company to release or disclose to a third party any such information in his possession) if:

(a) the
Company or that person, as the case may be, is lawfully required to do so under the laws of any jurisdiction to which the Company
is subject; or

(b) such
disclosure is in compliance with the rules of any stock exchange upon which the Companys shares are listed; or

(c) such
disclosure is in accordance with any contract entered into by the Company; or

(d) the
directors are of the opinion such disclosure would assist or facilitate the Companys operations.

44

18 Delegation
of powers

Power
to delegate any of the directors powers to a committee

18.1 The
directors may delegate any of their powers to any committee consisting of one or more persons who need not be Members. Persons on
the committee may include non-directors so long as the majority of those persons are directors.

18.2 The
delegation may be collateral with, or to the exclusion of, the directors own powers.

18.3 The
delegation may be on such terms as the directors think fit, including provision for the committee itself to delegate to a sub-committee;
save that any delegation must be capable of being revoked or altered by the directors at will.

18.4 Unless
otherwise permitted by the directors, a committee must follow the procedures prescribed for the taking of decisions by directors.

Power
to appoint an agent of the Company

18.5 The
directors may appoint any person, either generally or in respect of any specific matter, to be the agent of the Company with or without
authority for that person to delegate all or any of that persons powers. The directors may make that appointment:

(a) by
causing the Company to enter into a power of attorney or agreement; or

(b) in
any other manner they determine.

Power
to appoint an attorney or authorised signatory of the Company

18.6 The
directors may appoint any person, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the directors, to be the attorney or the authorised
signatory of the Company. The appointment may be:

(a) for
any purpose;

(b) with
the powers, authorities and discretions;

(c) for
the period; and

(d) subject
to such conditions

as
they think fit. The powers, authorities and discretions, however, must not exceed those vested in, or exercisable, by the directors under
these Articles. The directors may do so by power of attorney or any other manner they think fit.

45

18.7 Any
power of attorney or other appointment may contain such provision for the protection and convenience for persons dealing with the
attorney or authorised signatory as the directors think fit. Any power of attorney or other appointment may also authorise the attorney
or authorised signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in that person.

Power
to appoint a proxy

18.8 Any
director may appoint any other person, including another director, to represent him at any meeting of the directors. If a director
appoints a proxy, then for all purposes the presence or vote of the proxy shall be deemed to be that of the appointing director.

18.9 Articles
16.1 to 16.5 inclusive (relating to the appointment by directors of alternate directors) apply, mutatis mutandis, to the appointment
of proxies by directors.

18.10 A
proxy is an agent of the director appointing him and is not an officer of the Company.

19 Meetings
of directors

Regulation
of directors meetings

19.1 Subject
to the provisions of these Articles, the directors may regulate their proceedings as they think fit.

Calling
meetings

19.2 Any
director may call a meeting of directors at any time. The Secretary, if any, must call a meeting of the directors if requested to
do so by a director.

Notice
of meetings

19.3 Every
director shall be given notice of a meeting, although a director may waive retrospectively the requirement to be given notice. Notice
may be oral. Attendance at a meeting without written objection shall be deemed to be a waiver of such notice requirement.

Period
of notice

19.4 At
least five Clear Days notice of a meeting of directors must be given to directors. A meeting may be convened on shorter notice
with the consent of all directors.

Use
of technology

19.5 A
director may participate in a meeting of directors through the medium of conference telephone, video or any other form of communications
equipment providing all persons participating in the meeting are able to hear and speak to each other throughout the meeting.

19.6 A
director participating in this way is deemed to be present in person at the meeting.

46

Place
of meetings

19.7 If
all the directors participating in a meeting are not in the same place, they may decide that the meeting is to be treated as taking
place wherever any of them is.

Quorum

19.8 The
quorum for the transaction of business at a meeting of directors shall be two unless the directors fix some other number or unless
the Company has only one director.

Voting

19.9 A
question which arises at a board meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. If votes are equal the chairman may, if he wishes,
exercise a casting vote.

Validity

19.10 Anything
done at a meeting of directors is unaffected by the fact that it is later discovered that any person was not properly appointed,
or had ceased to be a director, or was otherwise not entitled to vote.

Recording
of dissent

19.11 A
director present at a meeting of directors shall be presumed to have assented to any action taken at that meeting unless:

(a) his
dissent is entered in the minutes of the meeting; or

(b) he
has filed with the meeting before it is concluded signed dissent from that action; or

(c) he
has forwarded to the Company as soon as practical following the conclusion of that meeting signed dissent.

A
director who votes in favour of an action is not entitled to record his dissent to it.

Written
resolutions

19.12 The
directors may pass a resolution in writing without holding a meeting if all directors sign a document or sign several documents in
the like form each signed by one or more of those directors.

19.13 Despite
the foregoing, a resolution in writing signed by a validly appointed alternate director or by a validly appointed proxy need not
also be signed by the appointing director. If a written resolution is signed personally by the appointing director, it need not also
be signed by his alternate or proxy.

47

19.14 Such
written resolution shall be as effective as if it had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly convened and held; and it shall
be treated as having been passed on the day and at the time that the last director signs.

Sole
directors minute

19.15 Where
a sole director signs a minute recording his decision on a question, that record shall constitute the passing of a resolution in
those terms.

20 Permissible
directors interests and disclosure

Permissible
interests subject to disclosure

20.1 Save
as expressly permitted by these Articles or as set out below, a director may not have a direct or indirect interest or duty which
conflicts or may possibly conflict with the interests of the Company.

20.2 If,
notwithstanding the prohibition in the preceding Article, a director discloses to his fellow directors the nature and extent of any
material interest or duty in accordance with the next Article, he may:

(a) be
a party to, or otherwise interested in, any transaction or arrangement with the Company or in which the Company is or may otherwise
be interested; or

(b) be
interested in another body corporate promoted by the Company or in which the Company is otherwise interested. In particular, the
director may be a director, secretary or officer of, or employed by, or be a party to any transaction or arrangement with, or otherwise
interested in, that other body corporate.

20.3 Such
disclosure may be made at a meeting of the board or otherwise (and, if otherwise, it must be made in writing). The director must
disclose the nature and extent of his direct or indirect interest in or duty in relation to a transaction or arrangement or series
of transactions or arrangements with the Company or in which the Company has any material interest.

20.4 If
a director has made disclosure in accordance with the preceding Article, then he shall not, by reason only of his office, be accountable
to the Company for any benefit that he derives from any such transaction or arrangement or from any such office or employment or
from any interest in any such body corporate, and no such transaction or arrangement shall be liable to be avoided on the ground
of any such interest or benefit.

Notification
of interests

20.5 For
the purposes of the preceding Articles:

(a) a
general notice that a director gives to the other directors that he is to be regarded as having an interest of the nature and extent
specified in the notice in any transaction or arrangement in which a specified person or class of persons is interested shall be
deemed to be a disclosure that he has an interest in or duty in relation to any such transaction of the nature and extent so specified;
and

48

(b) an
interest of which a director has no knowledge and of which it is unreasonable to expect him to have knowledge shall not be treated
as an interest of his.

Voting
where a director is interested in a matter

20.6 A
director may vote at a meeting of directors on any resolution concerning a matter in which that director has an interest or duty,
whether directly or indirectly, so long as that director discloses any material interest pursuant to these Articles. The director
shall be counted towards a quorum of those present at the meeting. If the director votes on the resolution, his vote shall be counted.

20.7 Where
proposals are under consideration concerning the appointment of two or more directors to offices or employment with the Company or
any body corporate in which the Company is interested, the proposals may be divided and considered in relation to each director separately
and each of the directors concerned shall be entitled to vote and be counted in the quorum in respect of each resolution except that
concerning his or her own appointment.

21 Minutes

The
Company shall cause minutes to be made in books kept for the purpose in accordance with the Act.

22 Accounts
and audit

Accounting
and other records

22.1 The
directors must ensure that proper accounting and other records are kept, and that accounts and associated reports are distributed
in accordance with the requirements of the Act.

No
automatic right of inspection

22.2 Members
are only entitled to inspect the Companys records if they are expressly entitled to do so by law, or by resolution made by
the directors or passed by Ordinary Resolution.

Sending
of accounts and reports

22.3 The
Companys accounts and associated directors report or auditors report that are required or permitted to be sent
to any person pursuant to any law shall be treated as properly sent to that person if:

(a) they
are sent to that person in accordance with the notice provisions: or

(b) they
are published on a website providing that person is given separate notice of:

(i) the
fact that publication of the documents has been published on the website;

49

(ii) the
address of the website; and

(iii) the
place on the website where the documents may be accessed; and

(iv) how
they may be accessed.

22.4 If,
for any reason, a person notifies the Company that he is unable to access the website, the Company must, as soon as practicable,
send the documents to that person by any other means permitted by these Articles. This, however, will not affect when that person
is taken to have received the documents under the next Article.

Time
of receipt if documents are published on a website

22.5 Documents
sent by being published on a website in accordance with the preceding two Articles are only treated as sent at least five Clear Days
before the date of the meeting at which they are to be laid if:

(a) the
documents are published on the website throughout a period beginning at least five Clear Days before the date of the meeting and
ending with the conclusion of the meeting; and

(b) the
person is given at least five Clear Days notice of the hearing.

Validity
despite accidental error in publication on website

22.6 If,
for the purpose of a meeting, documents are sent by being published on a website in accordance with the preceding Articles, the proceedings
at that meeting are not invalidated merely because:

(a) those
documents are, by accident, published in a different place on the website to the place notified; or

(b) they
are published for part only of the period from the date of notification until the conclusion of that meeting.

Audit

22.7 The
directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the directors determine.

22.8 The
directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions, including the power to sub-delegate, to any committee consisting
of one or more Directors (including, without limitation, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee). Any such delegation may be made subject to any conditions the directors may impose and either collaterally
with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such delegation may be revoked or altered by the directors. Subject to any such
conditions, the proceedings of a committee of directors shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of directors,
so far as they are capable of applying. The composition and responsibilities of each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee
and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC and the Designated Stock
Exchange and the directors may adopt formal written charters for such committees. Each of these committees shall be empowered to
do all things necessary to exercise the rights of such committee set forth in the Articles and shall have such powers as the directors
may delegate pursuant to the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or
any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The Audit Committee shall meet at least once every financial
quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate.

50

22.9 The
Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms of the IPO and, if any non-compliance is identified, the Audit Committee
shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action necessary to rectify such non-compliance or otherwise cause compliance
with the terms of the IPO.

22.10 At
least one member of the Audit Committee shall be an audit committee financial expert as determined by the rules and
regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
Law. The audit committee financial expert shall have such past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite
professional certification in accounting, or any other comparable experience or background which results in the individuals
financial sophistication.

22.11 If
the Shares are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related
party transactions on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review and approval of potential conflicts of
interest.

22.12 The
remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists).

22.13 If
the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming incapable of acting by reason of
illness or other disability at a time when his services are required, the directors shall fill the vacancy and determine the remuneration
of such Auditor.

22.14 Every
Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts and vouchers of the Company and shall
be entitled to require from the directors and officers of the Company such information and explanation as may be necessary for the
performance of the duties of the Auditor.

22.15 Auditors
shall, if so required by the directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during their tenure of office at the next annual
general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an ordinary
company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with
the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and at any other time during their term of office, upon request of the directors
or any general meeting of the Members.

51

23 Financial
year

Unless
the directors otherwise specify, the financial year of the Company:

(a) shall
end on 31st December in the year of its incorporation and each following year; and

(b) shall
begin when it was incorporated and on 1st January each following year.

24 Record
dates

Except
to the extent of any conflicting rights attached to Shares, the directors may fix any time and date as the record date for:

(a) calling
a general meeting;

(b) declaring
or paying a dividend;

(c) making
or issuing an allotment of Shares; or

(d) conducting
any other business required pursuant to these Articles.

(e) The
record date may be before or after the date on which a dividend, allotment or issue is declared, paid or made.

25 Dividends

Declaration
of dividends by Members

25.1 Subject
to the provisions of the Act, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution declare dividends in accordance with the respective rights of
the Members but no dividend shall exceed the amount recommended by the directors.

Payment
of interim dividends and declaration of final dividends by directors

25.2 The
directors may pay interim dividends or declare final dividends in accordance with the respective rights of the Members if it appears
to them that they are justified by the financial position of the Company and that such dividends may lawfully be paid.

25.3 Subject
to the provisions of the Act, in relation to the distinction between interim dividends and final dividends, the following applies:

(a) Upon
determination to pay a dividend or dividends described as interim by the directors in the dividend resolution, no debt shall be created
by the declaration until such time as payment is made.

52

(b) Upon
declaration of a dividend or dividends described as final by the directors in the dividend resolution, a debt shall be created immediately
following the declaration, the due date to be the date the dividend is stated to be payable in the resolution.

If
the resolution fails to specify whether a dividend is final or interim, it shall be assumed to be interim.

25.4 In
relation to Shares carrying differing rights to dividends or rights to dividends at a fixed rate, the following applies:

(a) If
the share capital is divided into different classes, the directors may pay dividends on Shares which confer deferred or non-preferred
rights with regard to dividends as well as on Shares which confer preferential rights with regard to dividends but no dividend shall
be paid on Shares carrying deferred or non-preferred rights if, at the time of payment, any preferential dividend is in arrears.

(b) The
directors may also pay, at intervals settled by them, any dividend payable at a fixed rate if it appears to them that there are sufficient
funds of the Company lawfully available for distribution to justify the payment.

(c) If
the directors act in good faith, they shall not incur any liability to the Members holding Shares conferring preferred rights for
any loss those Members may suffer by the lawful payment of the dividend on any Shares having deferred or non-preferred rights.

Apportionment
of dividends

25.5 Except
as otherwise provided by the rights attached to Shares, all dividends shall be declared and paid according to the amounts paid up
on the Shares on which the dividend is paid. All dividends shall be apportioned and paid proportionately to the amount paid up on
the Shares during the time or part of the time in respect of which the dividend is paid. If a Share is issued on terms providing
that it shall rank for dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for dividend accordingly.

Right
of set off

25.6 The
directors may deduct from a dividend or any other amount payable to a person in respect of a Share any amount due by that person
to the Company on a call or otherwise in relation to a Share.

53

Power
to pay other than in cash

25.7 If
the directors so determine, any resolution declaring a dividend may direct that it shall be satisfied wholly or partly by the distribution
of assets. If a difficulty arises in relation to the distribution, the directors may settle that difficulty in any way they consider
appropriate. For example, they may do any one or more of the following:

(a) issue
fractional Shares;

(b) fix
the value of assets for distribution and make cash payments to some Members on the footing of the value so fixed in order to adjust
the rights of Members; and

(c) vest
some assets in trustees.

How
payments may be made

25.8 A
dividend or other monies payable on or in respect of a Share may be paid in any of the following ways:

(a) if
the Member holding that Share or other person entitled to that Share nominates a bank account for that purpose - by wire transfer
to that bank account; or

(b) by
cheque or warrant sent by post to the registered address of the Member holding that Share or other person entitled to that Share.

25.9 For
the purpose of paragraph (a) of the preceding Article, the nomination may be in writing or in an Electronic Record and the bank account
nominated may be the bank account of another person. For the purpose of paragraph (b) of the preceding Article, subject to any applicable
law or regulation, the cheque or warrant shall be made to the order of the Member holding that Share or other person entitled to
the Share or to his nominee, whether nominated in writing or in an Electronic Record, and payment of the cheque or warrant shall
be a good discharge to the Company.

25.10 If
two or more persons are registered as the holders of the Share or are jointly entitled to it by reason of the death or bankruptcy
of the registered holder (Joint Holders), a dividend (or other amount) payable on or in respect of that Share may be paid as follows:

(a) to
the registered address of the Joint Holder of the Share who is named first on the Register of Members or to the registered address
of the deceased or bankrupt holder, as the case may be; or

(b) to
the address or bank account of another person nominated by the Joint Holders, whether that nomination is in writing or in an Electronic
Record.

25.11 Any
Joint Holder of a Share may give a valid receipt for a dividend (or other amount) payable in respect of that Share.

54

Dividends
or other moneys not to bear interest in absence of special rights

25.12 Unless
provided for by the rights attached to a Share, no dividend or other monies payable by the Company in respect of a Share shall bear
interest.

Dividends
unable to be paid or unclaimed

25.13 If
a dividend cannot be paid to a Member or remains unclaimed within six weeks after it was declared or both, the directors may pay
it into a separate account in the Companys name. If a dividend is paid into a separate account, the Company shall not be constituted
trustee in respect of that account and the dividend shall remain a debt due to the Member.

25.14 A
dividend that remains unclaimed for a period of six years after it became due for payment shall be forfeited to, and shall cease
to remain owing by, the Company.

26 Capitalisation
of profits

Capitalisation
of profits or of any share premium account or capital redemption reserve

26.1 The
directors may resolve to capitalise:

(a) any
part of the Companys profits not required for paying any preferential dividend (whether or not those profits are available
for distribution); or

(b) any
sum standing to the credit of the Companys share premium account or capital redemption reserve, if any.

The
amount resolved to be capitalised must be appropriated to the Members who would have been entitled to it had it been distributed by way
of dividend and in the same proportions. The benefit to each Member so entitled must be given in either or both of the following ways:

(a) by
paying up the amounts unpaid on that Members Shares;

(b) by
issuing Fully Paid Shares, debentures or other securities of the Company to that Member or as that Member directs. The directors
may resolve that any Shares issued to the Member in respect of partly paid Shares (Original Shares) rank for dividend only to the
extent that the Original Shares rank for dividend while those Original Shares remain partly paid.

Applying
an amount for the benefit of members

26.2 The
amount capitalised must be applied to the benefit of Members in the proportions to which the Members would have been entitled to
dividends if the amount capitalised had been distributed as a dividend.

55

26.3 Subject
to the Act, if a fraction of a Share, a debenture, or other security is allocated to a Member, the directors may issue a fractional
certificate to that Member or pay him the cash equivalent of the fraction.

27 Share
premium account

Directors
to maintain share premium account

27.1 The
directors shall establish a share premium account in accordance with the Act. They shall carry to the credit of that account from
time to time an amount equal to the amount or value of the premium paid on the issue of any Share or capital contributed or such
other amounts required by the Act.

Debits
to share premium account

27.2 The
following amounts shall be debited to any share premium account:

(a) on
the redemption or purchase of a Share, the difference between the nominal value of that Share and the redemption or purchase price;
and

(b) any
other amount paid out of a share premium account as permitted by the Act.

27.3 Notwithstanding
the preceding Article, on the redemption or purchase of a Share, the directors may pay the difference between the nominal value of
that Share and the redemption purchase price out of the profits of the Company or, as permitted by the Act, out of capital.

28 Seal

Company
seal

28.1 The
Company may have a seal if the directors so determine.

Duplicate
seal

28.2 Subject
to the provisions of the Act, the Company may also have a duplicate seal or seals for use in any place or places outside the Cayman
Islands. Each duplicate seal shall be a facsimile of the original seal of the Company. However, if the directors so determine, a
duplicate seal shall have added on its face the name of the place where it is to be used.

When
and how seal is to be used

28.3 A
seal may only be used by the authority of the directors. Unless the directors otherwise determine, a document to which a seal is
affixed must be signed in one of the following ways:

(a) by
a director (or his alternate) and the Secretary; or

(b) by
a single director (or his alternate).

56

If
no seal is adopted or used

28.4 If
the directors do not adopt a seal, or a seal is not used, a document may be executed in the following manner:

(a) by
a director (or his alternate) or any Officer to which authority has been delegated by resolution duly adopted by the directors; or

(b) by
a single director (or his alternate); or

(c) in
any other manner permitted by the Act.

Power
to allow non-manual signatures and facsimile printing of seal

28.5 The
directors may determine that either or both of the following applies:

(a) that
the seal or a duplicate seal need not be affixed manually but may be affixed by some other method or system of reproduction;

(b) that
a signature required by these Articles need not be manual but may be a mechanical or Electronic Signature.

Validity
of execution

28.6 If
a document is duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of the Company, it shall not be regarded as invalid merely because, at
the date of the delivery, the Secretary, or the director, or other Officer or person who signed the document or affixed the seal
for and on behalf of the Company ceased to be the Secretary or hold that office and authority on behalf of the Company.

29 Indemnity

Indemnity

29.1 To
the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company shall indemnify each existing or former Secretary, director (including
alternate director), and other Officer of the Company (including an investment adviser or an administrator or liquidator) and their
personal representatives against:

(a) all
actions, proceedings, costs, charges, expenses, losses, damages or liabilities incurred or sustained by the existing or former Secretary
or Officer in or about the conduct of the Companys business or affairs or in the execution or discharge of the existing or
former Secretarys or Officers duties, powers, authorities or discretions; and

(b) without
limitation to paragraph (a), all costs, expenses, losses or liabilities incurred by the existing or former Secretary or Officer in
defending (whether successfully or otherwise) any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative proceedings (whether threatened,
pending or completed) concerning the Company or its affairs in any court or tribunal, whether in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere.

57

No
such existing or former Secretary or Officer, however, shall be indemnified in respect of any matter arising out of his own actual fraud,
wilful default or wilful neglect.

29.2 To
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company may make a payment, or agree to make a payment, whether by way of advance, loan
or otherwise, for any legal costs incurred by an existing or former Secretary or Officer of the Company in respect of any matter
identified in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of the preceding Article on condition that the Secretary or Officer must repay the amount
paid by the Company to the extent that it is ultimately found not liable to indemnify the Secretary or that Officer for those legal
costs.

Release

29.3 To
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company may by Special Resolution release any existing or former director (including
alternate director), Secretary or other Officer of the Company from liability for any loss or damage or right to compensation which
may arise out of or in connection with the execution or discharge of the duties, powers, authorities or discretions of his office;
but there may be no release from liability arising out of or in connection with that persons own actual fraud, wilful default
or wilful neglect.

Insurance

29.4 To
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company may pay, or agree to pay, a premium in respect of a contract insuring each of
the following persons against risks determined by the directors, other than liability arising out of that persons own dishonesty:

(a) an
existing or former director (including alternate director), Secretary or Officer or auditor of:

(i) the
Company;

(ii) a
company which is or was a subsidiary of the Company;

(iii) a
company in which the Company has or had an interest (whether direct or indirect); and

29.5 a
trustee of an employee or retirement benefits scheme or other trust in which any of the persons referred to in paragraph (a) is or
was interested.

58

30 Notices

Form
of notices

30.1 Save
where these Articles provide otherwise, any notice to be given to or by any person pursuant to these Articles shall be:

(a) in
writing signed by or on behalf of the giver in the manner set out below for written notices; or

(b) subject
to the next Article, in an Electronic Record signed by or on behalf of the giver by Electronic Signature and authenticated in accordance
with Articles about authentication of Electronic Records; or

(c) where
these Articles expressly permit, by the Company by means of a website.

Electronic
communications

30.2 Without
limitation to Articles 16.2 to 16.5 inclusive (relating to the appointment and removal by directors of alternate directors) and to
Articles 18.8 to 18.10 inclusive (relating to the appointment by directors of proxies), a notice may only be given to the Company
in an Electronic Record if:

(a) the
directors so resolve;

(b) the
resolution states how an Electronic Record may be given and, if applicable, specifies an email address for the Company; and

(c) the
terms of that resolution are notified to the Members for the time being and, if applicable, to those directors who were absent from
the meeting at which the resolution was passed.

If
the resolution is revoked or varied, the revocation or variation shall only become effective when its terms have been similarly notified.

30.3 A
notice may not be given by Electronic Record to a person other than the Company unless the recipient has notified the giver of an
Electronic address to which notice may be sent.

Persons
authorised to give notices

30.4 A
notice by either the Company or a Member pursuant to these Articles may be given on behalf of the Company or a Member by a director
or company secretary of the Company or a Member.

Delivery
of written notices

30.5 Save
where these Articles provide otherwise, a notice in writing may be given personally to the recipient, or left at (as appropriate)
the Members or directors registered address or the Companys registered office, or posted to that registered
address or registered office.

Joint
holders

30.6 Where
Members are joint holders of a Share, all notices shall be given to the Member whose name first appears in the Register of Members.

59

Signatures

30.7 A
written notice shall be signed when it is autographed by or on behalf of the giver, or is marked in such a way as to indicate its
execution or adoption by the giver.

30.8 An
Electronic Record may be signed by an Electronic Signature.

Evidence
of transmission

30.9 A
notice given by Electronic Record shall be deemed sent if an Electronic Record is kept demonstrating the time, date and content of
the transmission, and if no notification of failure to transmit is received by the giver.

30.10 A
notice given in writing shall be deemed sent if the giver can provide proof that the envelope containing the notice was properly
addressed, pre-paid and posted, or that the written notice was otherwise properly transmitted to the recipient.

Giving
notice to a deceased or bankrupt Member

30.11 A
notice may be given by the Company to the persons entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member by sending
or delivering it, in any manner authorised by these Articles for the giving of notice to a Member, addressed to them by name, or
by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the bankrupt or by any like description, at the address, if any, supplied
for that purpose by the persons claiming to be so entitled.

30.12 Until
such an address has been supplied, a notice may be given in any manner in which it might have been given if the death or bankruptcy
had not occurred.

Date
of giving notices

30.13 A
notice is given on the date identified in the following table.

Method
for giving notices When
taken to be given

Personally At
the time and date of delivery

By
leaving it at the members registered address At
the time and date it was left

If
the recipient has an address within the Cayman Islands, by posting it by prepaid post to the street or postal address of that recipient 48
hours after it was posted

If
the recipient has an address outside the Cayman Islands, by posting it by prepaid airmail to the street or postal address of that
recipient 3
Clear Days after posting

By
Electronic Record (other than publication on a website), to recipients Electronic address Within
24 hours after it was sent

By
publication on a website See
the Articles about the time when notice of a meeting of Members or accounts and reports, as the case may be, are published on a website

60

Saving
provision

30.14 None
of the preceding notice provisions shall derogate from the Articles about the delivery of written resolutions of directors and written
resolutions of Members.

31 Authentication
of Electronic Records

Application
of Articles

31.1 Without
limitation to any other provision of these Articles, any notice, written resolution or other document under these Articles that is
sent by Electronic means by a Member, or by the Secretary, or by a director or other Officer of the Company, shall be deemed to be
authentic if either Article 31.2 or Article 31.4 applies.

Authentication
of documents sent by Members by Electronic means

31.2 An
Electronic Record of a notice, written resolution or other document sent by Electronic means by or on behalf of one or more Members
shall be deemed to be authentic if the following conditions are satisfied:

(a) the
Member or each Member, as the case may be, signed the original document, and for this purpose Original Document includes several
documents in like form signed by one or more of those Members; and

(b) the
Electronic Record of the Original Document was sent by Electronic means by, or at the direction of, that Member to an address specified
in accordance with these Articles for the purpose for which it was sent; and

(c) Article
31.7 does not apply.

31.3 For
example, where a sole Member signs a resolution and sends the Electronic Record of the original resolution, or causes it to be sent,
by facsimile transmission to the address in these Articles specified for that purpose, the facsimile copy shall be deemed to be the
written resolution of that Member unless Article 31.7 applies.

61

Authentication
of document sent by the Secretary or Officers of the Company by Electronic means

31.4 An
Electronic Record of a notice, written resolution or other document sent by or on behalf of the Secretary or an Officer or Officers
of the Company shall be deemed to be authentic if the following conditions are satisfied:

(a) the
Secretary or the Officer or each Officer, as the case may be, signed the original document, and for this purpose Original Document
includes several documents in like form signed by the Secretary or one or more of those Officers; and

(b) the
Electronic Record of the Original Document was sent by Electronic means by, or at the direction of, the Secretary or that Officer
to an address specified in accordance with these Articles for the purpose for which it was sent; and

(c) Article
31.7 does not apply.

This
Article applies whether the document is sent by or on behalf of the Secretary or Officer in his own right or as a representative of the
Company.

31.5 For
example, where a sole director signs a resolution and scans the resolution, or causes it to be scanned, as a PDF version which is
attached to an email sent to the address in these Articles specified for that purpose, the PDF version shall be deemed to be the
written resolution of that director unless Article 31.7 applies.

Manner
of signing

31.6 For
the purposes of these Articles about the authentication of Electronic Records, a document will be taken to be signed if it is signed
manually or in any other manner permitted by these Articles.

Saving
provision

31.7 A
notice, written resolution or other document under these Articles will not be deemed to be authentic if the recipient, acting reasonably:

(a) believes
that the signature of the signatory has been altered after the signatory had signed the original document; or

(b) believes
that the original document, or the Electronic Record of it, was altered, without the approval of the signatory, after the signatory
signed the original document; or

(c) otherwise
doubts the authenticity of the Electronic Record of the document

and
the recipient promptly gives notice to the sender setting the grounds of its objection. If the recipient invokes this Article, the sender
may seek to establish the authenticity of the Electronic Record in any way the sender thinks fit.

32 Transfer
by way of continuation

32.1 The
Company may, by Special Resolution, resolve to be registered by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside:

(a) the
Cayman Islands; or

(b) such
other jurisdiction in which it is, for the time being, incorporated, registered or existing.

62

32.2 To
give effect to any resolution made pursuant to the preceding Article, the directors may cause the following:

(a) an
application be made to the Registrar of Companies to deregister the Company in the Cayman Islands or in the other jurisdiction in
which it is for the time being incorporated, registered or existing; and

(b) all
such further steps as they consider appropriate to be taken to effect the transfer by way of continuation of the Company.

33 Winding
up

Distribution
of assets in specie

33.1 If
the Company is wound up, the Members may, subject to these Articles and any other sanction required by the Act, pass a Special Resolution
allowing the liquidator to do either or both of the following:

(a) to
divide in specie among the Members the whole or any part of the assets of the Company and, for that purpose, to value any assets
and to determine how the division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes of Members;

(b) to
vest the whole or any part of the assets in trustees for the benefit of Members and those liable to contribute to the winding up.

No
obligation to accept liability

33.2 No
Member shall be compelled to accept any assets if an obligation attaches to them.

The
directors are authorised to present a winding up petition

33.3 The
directors have the authority to present a petition for the winding up of the Company to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands on
behalf of the Company without the sanction of a resolution passed at a general meeting.

34 Amendment
of Memorandum and Articles

Power
to change name or amend Memorandum

34.1 Subject
to the Act and Article 34.2, the Company may, by Special Resolution:

(a) change
its name; or

(b) change
the provisions of its Memorandum with respect to its objects, powers or any other matter specified in the Memorandum.

63

Power
to amend these Articles

34.2 Subject
to the Act and as provided in these Articles, the Company may, by Special Resolution, amend these Articles in whole or in part save
that no amendment may be made to the Memorandum or Articles to amend:

(a) Article
37 prior to the Business Combination unless the holders of the Public Shares are provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public
Shares upon the approval of any such amendment in the manner and for the price as set out in Article 37.11; or

(b) this
Article 34.2 during the Target Business Acquisition Period; and

(c) Article
15.5 unless in accordance with the terms thereof.

35 Mergers
and Consolidations

The
Company shall have the power to merge or consolidate with one or more constituent companies (as defined in the Act) upon such terms as
the directors may determine and (to the extent required by the Act) with the approval of a Special Resolution.

36 Class
B Share Conversion

36.1 Save
and except for the conversion rights referred to in this Article 36 and as otherwise set out in these Articles, subject to Article
2.10, the rights attaching to all Shares shall rank pari passu in all respects, and the Class A Shares and Class B Shares
shall vote together as a single class on all matters.

36.2 Class
B Shares shall automatically convert into Class A Shares on a one for one basis (the Conversion Ratio): (a) at any time and
from time to time at the option of the holders thereof; and (b) automatically on the day of the closing of a Business Combination.

36.3 In
order to give effect to the Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional Class A Shares or any other Equity-linked Securities, are
issued, or deemed issued, by the Company in excess of the amounts offered in the IPO and related to the closing of a Business Combination,
all Class B Shares in issue shall automatically convert into Class A Shares at the time of the closing of a Business Combination
at the Conversion Ratio (unless the holders of a majority of the Class B Shares in issue agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment
with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class
B Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, in the aggregate, 20 per cent of the sum of all Class A Shares and Class B Shares
in issue upon completion of the IPO plus all Class A Shares and Equity-linked Securities issued or deemed issued in connection with
a Business Combination, excluding any Shares or Equity-linked Securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination
and any private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor or its Affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans made to the Company.

64

36.4 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of
additional Class A Shares or Equity-linked Securities by the written consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the Class B
Shares then in issue consenting or agreeing separately as a separate class in the manner provided in Article 2.10 hereof.

36.5 The
Conversion Ratio shall also take into account any subdivision (by share split, subdivision, exchange, capitalisation, rights issue,
reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or combination (by reverse share split, share consolidation, exchange, reclassification,
recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class A Shares in issue into a greater or lesser
number of shares occurring after the original filing of the Articles without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination
or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class B Shares in issue.

36.6 Each
Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class A Shares pursuant to this Article. The pro rata share
for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each Class B Share shall convert into such number of Class A Shares
as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the total number of Class A Shares into
which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant to this Article and the denominator of which shall be the total
number of Class B Shares in issue at the time of conversion.

36.7 References
in this Article to converted, conversion or exchange shall mean the compulsory redemption
without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and, on behalf of such Members, automatic application of such redemption proceeds
in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at a price per Class B Share
necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued as part of the
conversion or exchange will be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered in
the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may direct.

36.8 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Article, in no event may any Class B Share convert into Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than
the Conversion Ratio.

37 Business
Combination

37.1 Articles
37.1 to 37.11 shall terminate upon consummation of any Business Combination.

65

37.2 The
Company has until 36 months from the closing of the IPO to consummate a Business Combination, provided however that if the board
of directors anticipates that the Company may not be able to consummate a Business Combination within 36 months of the closing of
the IPO, the Company may, by resolution of directors, if requested by the Sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a Business
Combination up to six (6) times, each by an additional one month (for a total of up to 42 months to complete a Business Combination),
subject to the Sponsor depositing additional funds into the Trust Account in accordance with the terms as set out in the trust agreement
governing the Trust Account and referred to in the Registration Statement. In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business
Combination within 36 months from the closing of the IPO or within up to 42 months from the closing of the IPO (subject in the latter
case to valid one month extensions having been made in each case (such date falling 36 months or up to 42 months, as applicable,
after the closing of the IPO being referred to as the Termination Date)), such failure shall trigger an automatic redemption
of the Public Shares (an Automatic Redemption Event) and the directors of the Company shall take all such action necessary
to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten (10)
Business Days thereafter to redeem the Public Shares to the holders of Public Shares, on a pro rata basis, in cash at a per-share
amount equal to the applicable Per-Share Redemption Price; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such Automatic
Redemption Event, subject to the approval of our remaining Members and our directors, liquidate and dissolve the Company, subject
to the Companys obligations under the Act to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
In the event of an Automatic Redemption Event, only the holders of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive pro rata redeeming
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Public Shares.

37.3 Unless
a shareholder vote is required by law or the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange, or, at the sole discretion of the directors,
the directors determine to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company may enter into a Business Combination
without submitting such Business Combination to its Members for approval.

37.4 Although
not required, in the event that a shareholder vote is held, and a majority of the votes of the Shares entitled to vote thereon which
were present at the meeting to approve the Business Combination are voted for the approval of such Business Combination, the Company
shall be authorised to consummate the Business Combination.

37.5 

(a) In
the event that a Business Combination is consummated by the Company other than in connection with a shareholder vote under Article
37.4, the Company will, subject to as provided below, offer to redeem the Public Shares for cash in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and
Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act and subject to any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) set forth in the
definitive transaction agreements related to the initial Business Combination (the Tender Redemption Offer), provided however
that the Company shall not redeem those Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or their Affiliates or the directors or officers
of the Company pursuant to such Tender Redemption Offer, whether or not such holders accept such Tender Redemption Offer. The Company
will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to consummating the Business Combination which contain substantially the same
financial and other information about the Business Combination and the redemption rights as would be required in a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. In accordance with the Exchange Act, the Tender Redemption Offer will remain open
for a minimum of 20 Business Days and the Company will not be permitted to consummate its Business Combination until the expiry of
such period. If in the event a Member holding Public Shares accepts the Tender Redemption Offer and the Company has not otherwise
withdrawn the tender offer, the Company shall, promptly after the consummation of the Business Combination, pay such redeeming Member,
on a pro rata basis, cash equal to the applicable Per-Share Redemption Price.

66

(b) In
the event that a Business Combination is consummated by the Company in connection with a shareholder vote held pursuant to Article
37.4 in accordance with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act (the Redemption Offer), the Company
will, subject as provided below, offer to redeem the Public Shares, other than those Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or their
Affiliates or the directors or officers of the Company, regardless of whether such shares are voted for or against the Business Combination,
for cash, on a pro rata basis, at a per-share amount equal to the applicable Per-Share Redemption Price, provided however
that: (i) the Company shall not redeem those Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates or the directors or officers
of the Company pursuant to such Redemption Offer, whether or not such holders accept such Redemption Offer; and (ii) any other redeeming
Member who either individually or together with any Affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as
a group (as such term is defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act) shall not be permitted to redeem, without the
consent of the directors, more than fifteen percent (15%) of the total Public Shares sold in the IPO.

(c) The
Company will not consummate any Business Combination unless it (or any successor) (i) has net tangible assets of at least US$5,000,001
upon consummation of such Business Combination, or (ii) is otherwise exempt from the provisions of Rule 419 promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

37.6 A
holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account only in the event of an Automatic Redemption
Event, an Amendment Redemption Event or in the event he accepts a Tender Redemption Offer or a Redemption Offer where the Business
Combination is consummated. In no other circumstances shall a holder of Public Shares have any right or interest of any kind in or
to the Trust Account.

37.7 Except
in connection with the conversion of Class B Shares into Class A Shares pursuant to Article 36 where the holders of such Shares have
waived any right to receive funds from the Trust Account, prior to a Business Combination, the Company will not issue any securities
(other than Public Shares) that would entitle the holder thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account; or (ii) vote on any
Business Combination.

37.8 In
the event the Company enters into a Business Combination with a company that is Affiliated with the Sponsor or any of the directors
or officers of the Company, the Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or independent accounting
firm that such a Business Combination is fair to the holders of the Public Shares from a financial point of view.

67

37.9 The
Company will not effectuate a Business Combination with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal
operations.

37.10 Immediately
after the Companys IPO, that amount of the proceeds received by the Company in or in connection with the IPO (including proceeds
of any exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option and any proceeds from the simultaneous private placement of like
units comprising like securities to those included in the IPO by the Company) as is described in the Companys registration
statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC (the Registration Statement) at the time it goes effective as shall be deposited
in the Trust Account shall be so deposited and thereafter held in the Trust Account until released in the event of a Business Combination
or otherwise in accordance with this Article 37. Neither the Company nor any officer, director or employee of the Company will disburse
any of the proceeds held in the Trust Account until the earlier of (i) a Business Combination, or (ii) an Automatic Redemption Event
or in payment of the acquisition price for any shares which the Company elects to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire in accordance
with this Article 37, in each case in accordance with the trust agreement governing the Trust Account; provided that interest earned
on the Trust Account (as described in the Registration Statement) may be released from time to time to the Company to pay the Companys
tax obligations.

37.11 In
the event the directors of the Company propose any amendment to Article 37 or to any of the other rights of the Shares as set out
at Article 2.5 prior to, but not for the purposes of approving or in conjunction with the consummation of, a Business Combination
that would affect the substance or timing of the Companys obligations as described in this Article 37 to pay or to offer to
pay the Per-Share Redemption Price to any holder of the Public Shares (an Amendment) and such Amendment is duly approved by
a Special Resolution of the Members (an Approved Amendment), the Company will offer to redeem the Public Shares of any Member
for cash, on a pro rata basis, at a per-share amount equal to the applicable Per-Share Redemption Price (an Amendment Redemption
Event), provided however that the Company shall not redeem those Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or their Affiliates
or the directors or officers of the Company pursuant to such offer, whether or not such holders accept such offer.

38 Certain
Tax Filings

38.1 Each
Tax Filing Authorised Person and any such other person, acting alone, as any director shall designate from time to time, are authorised
to file tax forms SS-4, W-8 BEN, W-8 IMY, W-9, 8832 and 2553 and such other similar tax forms as are customary to file with any US
state or federal governmental authorities or foreign governmental authorities in connection with the formation, activities and/or
elections of the Company and such other tax forms as may be approved from time to time by any director or officer of the Company.
The Company further ratifies and approves any such filing made by any Tax Filing Authorised Person or such other person prior to
the date of the Articles.

39 Business
Opportunities

39.1 In
recognition and anticipation of the facts that: (a) directors and Officers of the Company may serve as directors and/or officers
of other entities which engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which the Company engages;
(b) directors, managers, officers, members, partners, managing members, employees and/or agents of one or more members of the Sponsor
Group (each of the foregoing, a Sponsor Group Related Person) may serve as directors and/or officers of the Company; and (c)
the Sponsor Group engages, and may continue to engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in
which the Company, directly or indirectly, may engage and/or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in
which the Company, directly or indirectly, may engage, the provisions under this heading Business Opportunities are
set forth to regulate and define the conduct of certain affairs of the Company as they may involve the Sponsor Group and the Sponsor
Group Related Persons, and the powers, rights, duties and liabilities of the Company and its directors, Officers and Members in connection
therewith.

68

39.2 To
the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the directors and Officers of the Company, the Sponsor Group and the Sponsor Group
Related Persons (each of the foregoing, a Relevant Person) shall have no duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed
by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the
Company. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or
in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for either
a Relevant Person, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest
extent permitted by Applicable Law, a Relevant Person shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity to
the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, director and/or Officer
of the Company solely by reason of the fact that such Relevant Person pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself,
himself or herself, directs such corporate opportunity to another person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate
opportunity to the Company, unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such Relevant Person solely in their capacity as a director
or Officer of the Company and the opportunity is one the Company is permitted to complete on a reasonable basis.

39.3 Except
as provided elsewhere in the Articles, the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered
an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and
a Relevant Person, about which a director and/or officer of the Company who is also a Relevant Person acquires knowledge unless such
opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company and such opportunity
is one that the Company are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for the Company to
pursue.

39.4 To
the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity that is renounced in this Article
to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law,
any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable
Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted in the future and that have been conducted in the past.

69
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

AMENDMENT

TO
THE

INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This
Amendment No. 2 (this Amendment), dated as of January 28, 2025, to the Investment Management Trust Agreement (as
defined below) is made by and between Evergreen Corporation (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company, as trustee (Trustee). All terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in
the Trust Agreement.

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Trustee entered into an Investment Management Trust Agreement dated as of February 8, 2022 (as amended, the Trust
Agreement);

WHEREAS,
Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement sets forth the terms that govern the liquidation of the Trust Account under the circumstances described
therein;

WHEREAS,
at an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company held on January 28, 2025 (the Extraordinary General Meeting),
the Companys shareholders approved (i) a proposal to amend the Companys amended and restated articles of association (the
A&R COI) giving the Company the right to extend the date by which it has to consummate a business combination
on a month-to-month basis (each a Monthly Extension) beginning on February 11, 2025 until August 11, 2025 (i.e.,
for up to a period of time ending forty-two (42) months after the consummation of its initial public offering); and (ii) a proposal to
amend the Trust Agreement requiring the Company to deposit into the Trust Account, for each Monthly Extension that is exercised, $0.05
for each Class A ordinary share that remains issued and outstanding after taking into account any redemptions in connection with the
solicitation of such shareholder approval at the Extraordinary General Meeting (such amount, the Monthly Extension Amount);
and

NOW
THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1.
Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

(i)
Commence liquidation of the Trust Account only after and promptly after receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter
(Termination Letter), in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B,
signed on behalf of the Company by its President, Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the board of directors (the Board)
or other authorized officer of the Company, and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust
Account, including interest not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, only as directed in the Termination Letter and the
other documents referred to therein; provided, however, that in the event that a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee
by (1) (A) the date that is 36 months after the closing of the IPO (Closing), or (B) if the President, Chief Executive
Officer or Chairman of the Board extends the time to complete a Business Combination by one (1) month, the date that is 37 months after
the Closing, provided that the Company deposits the Monthly Extension Amount into the Trust Account on or prior to the date that is 36
months after the Closing, or (C) if the President, Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board further extends the time to complete
a Business Combination by an additional 1-month period, the date that is 38 months after the Closing, provided that the Company deposits
the Monthly Extension Amount into the Trust Account on or prior to the date that is 37 months after the Closing, or (D) if the President,
Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board further extends the time to complete a Business Combination by an additional 1-month
period, the date that is 39 months after the Closing, provided that the Company deposits the Monthly Extension Amount into the Trust
Account on or prior to the date that is 38 months after the Closing; or (E) if the President, Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of
the Board further extends the time to complete a Business Combination by an additional 1-month period, the date that is 40 months after
the Closing, provided that the Company deposits the Monthly Extension Amount into the Trust Account on or prior to the date that is 39
months after the Closing; or (F) if the President, Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board further extends the time to complete
a Business Combination by an additional 1-month period, the date that is 41 months after the Closing, provided that the Company deposits
the Monthly Extension Amount into the Trust Account on or prior to the date that is 40 months after the Closing; or (G) if the President,
Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board further extends the time to complete a Business Combination by an additional 1-month
period, the date that is 42 months after the Closing, provided that the Company deposits the Monthly Extension Amount into the Trust
Account on or prior to the date that is 41 months after the Closing; but if the Company has not completed a Business Combination within
the applicable monthly anniversary of the Closing (Last Date), or (2) upon the end of a 30-day cure period after the date
any Monthly Extension Amount was required to be deposited in the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Trust
Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B hereto and the
Property in the Trust Account, including interest not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes shall be distributed to the
Public Shareholders of record as of the Last Date; provided, however, that in the event the Trustee receives a Termination Letter in
a form substantially similar to Exhibit B hereto, or if the Trustee begins to liquidate the Property because it has received no such
Termination Letter by the date specified in clause (y) of this Section 1(i) the Trustee shall keep the Trust Account open until twelve
(12) months following the date the Property has been distributed to the Public Shareholders. As an example, if during the 40th month
after the Closing, the Company does not deposit the Monthly Extension Amount into the Trust Account by the last day of the 40th
month, then the Last Date shall be the last day of the 40th month.

3.
Amendments to Definitions. (i) Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them
in the Trust Agreement. The following defined term in the Trust Agreement shall be amended and restated in their entirety:

Trust
Agreement shall mean that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 8, 2022, by and between Evergreen
Corporation and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as amended from time to time.; and

(ii)
The term Property shall be deemed to include any Monthly Extension Amount paid to the Trust Account in accordance
with the terms of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Trust Agreement.

4.
All other provisions of the Trust Agreement shall remain unaffected by the terms hereof.

5.
This Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which shall be deemed to be
one and the same instrument, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. A facsimile
signature or electronic signature shall be deemed to be an original signature for purposes of this Amendment.

6.
This Amendment is intended to be in full compliance with the requirements for an Amendment to the Trust Agreement as required by Section
6(c) of the Trust Agreement, and every defect in fulfilling such requirements for an effective amendment to the Trust Agreement is hereby
ratified, intentionally waived and relinquished by all parties hereto.

7.
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.

[signature
page follows]

2

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written
above.

CONTINENTAL
STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee

By: /s/
Francis Wolf 

Name: Francis
Wolf 

Title: Vice
President 

EVERGREEN
CORPORATION

By: /s/
Liew Choon Lian 

Name: Liew
Choon Lian 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>evgr-20250128.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>evgr-20250128_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>evgr-20250128_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Ordinary Shares 

Warrants 

Units 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>evgr-20250128_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Jan. 28, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 28, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --11-30

Entity File Number 001-41271

Entity Registrant Name Evergreen
Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0001900402

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One Lot
1.02, Level 1,

Entity Address, Address Line Two Glo
Damansara, 699

Entity Address, Address Line Three Jalan
Damansara, Taman Tun Dr Ismail,

Entity Address, City or Town Kuala Lumpur

Entity Address, Country MY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60000

City Area Code +1

Local Phone Number 786
406 6082

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Ordinary Shares 

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary
Shares

Trading Symbol EVGR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants

Trading Symbol EVGRW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Units 

Title of 12(b) Security Units

Trading Symbol EVGRU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=EVGR_OrdinarySharesMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=EVGR_WarrantsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=EVGR_UnitsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
25 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://evergreencorp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

evgr-20250128.xsd 
evgr-20250128_def.xml 
evgr-20250128_lab.xml 
evgr-20250128_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-004674-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001900402 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

0001900402 

EVGR:OrdinarySharesMember 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

0001900402 

EVGR:WarrantsMember 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

0001900402 

EVGR:UnitsMember 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--11-30 
0001900402 
8-K 
2025-01-28 
Evergreen Corporation 
E9 
001-41271 
Lot 1.02, Level 1, 
Glo Damansara, 699 
Jalan Damansara, Taman Tun Dr Ismail, 
60000 
Kuala Lumpur 
MY 
+1 
786 406 6082 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Ordinary Shares 
EVGR 
NASDAQ 
Warrants 
EVGRW 
NASDAQ 
Units 
EVGRU 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>