<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-021728.txt : 20250307
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-021728.hdr.sgml : 20250307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250307160531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-021728
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250303
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Entero Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001604191
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				464993860
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37853
		FILM NUMBER:		25720011

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 YAMATO ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 502
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-589-7020

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 YAMATO ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 502
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	First Wave BioPharma, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210921

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AzurRx BioPharma, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BioPharma d'Azur, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140331
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm258554d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000160419100016041912025-03-032025-03-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 3, 2025

Entero Therapeutics, Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 001-37853 46-4993860

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

777 Yamato Road, Suite 502

Boca Raton, Florida 33431

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (561) 589-7020

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share ENTO NasdaqCapital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry Into a Material Definitive
Agreement

The information set forth in Item 5.02 below regarding
the CEO Agreement, the CFO Agreement and the Director Agreements (as defined below) is incorporated by reference in this Item 1.01.

Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to
Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

Compliance with Nasdaq Minimum Bid Price Requirement

As previously disclosed on the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 11, 2024, Entero Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company)
received a letter on September 6, 2024 (the Notice) from the Listing Qualifications Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
(Nasdaq) indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share
(Common Stock), for the last 30 consecutive business days, the Company is not currently in compliance with the requirement
to maintain a minimum bid price of $1.00 per share for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company was
provided 180 days, or until March 5, 2025, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement.

On March 6, 2025, the Company received a letter
from Nasdaq (the Extension Notice) advising that the Company has been granted a 180-day extension, or until September 1,
2025, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A). If at any time
prior to September 1, 2025, the bid price of the Companys common stock closes at $1.00 per share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive
trading days, the Company will regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement.

The Extension Notice has no immediate effect on
the listing of the Companys common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market and does not affect the Companys reporting requirements
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. If the Company does not regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement during the
additional 180-day extension, Nasdaq will provide written notification to the Company that its common stock will be delisted. At that
time, the Company may appeal the delisting determination to a hearings panel pursuant to the procedures set forth in the applicable Nasdaq
Listing Rules. However, there can be no assurance that, if the Company does appeal the delisting determination by Nasdaq to the hearings
panel, that such appeal would be successful. There can be no assurance that the Company will regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price
Requirement during the additional 180-day compliance period ending September 1, 2025 or maintain compliance with any other Nasdaq listing
requirement.

The Company intends to monitor the closing bid
price of its common stock and may, if appropriate, consider implementing available options to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price
Requirement.

Compliance with Nasdaq Annual Meeting Rule

As previously disclosed on the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2025, the Company had received on January 7, 2025, a formal
letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that it did not comply with Nsadaq Listing Rule 5620(a) (the Annual Meeting Rule),
which requires that it hold an annual meeting of shareholders within twelve months of the end of the Companys fiscal year end.

On February 21, 2025, the Company submitted to
the Staff a plan of compliance which described the circumstances under which it became noncompliant with the Annual Meeting Rule and the
Companys plan with which it will regain compliance. The Staff in its letter dated March 3, 2025 determined to grant the Company
an extension until June 30, 2025, to regain compliance with the Annual Meeting Rule by holding an annual meeting of shareholders.

The letter will have no immediate effect on the
Companys continued listing on Nasdaq, subject to its compliance with the other continued listing requirements.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Resignation of Sarah Romano as Chief Financial
Officer

On March 3, 2025, Ms. Sarah Romano informed the
Company of her resignation as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective as of March 7, 2025. Ms. Romanos decision to resign
was not because of any disagreement relating to the Companys operations, policies, practices, financial reporting or controls.

Appointment of Anna Skowron as Chief Financial
Officer 

In connection with the resignation of Ms. Romano,
on March 3, 2025, the Company appointed Ms. Anna Skowron as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective as of March 7, 2025 (the
Effective Date).

Ms. Anna Skowron, CPA, CA, is a Principal at Skowron
Accounting Professional Corporation, which was founded in 2015. With over 14 years of accounting related experience, Ms. Skowron specializes
in financial reporting, compliance, corporate governance, and business strategy. Previously Ms. Skowron served as Global Financial Controller
at a multi-national North American domiciled technology provider. She also managed consolidated reporting across North America for a global
steel corporation. Ms. Skowron has played a key role in various business acquisitions and capital raising initiatives across multiple
industries. Ms. Skowron holds a Bachelor of Commerce and Finance with specialization in Accounting and Economics from the University of
Toronto and became a member of the Institute of Chartered Accounts of Ontario in 2014.

In connection with Ms. Skowrons appointment,
the Company entered into a consulting agreement (the CFO Agreement), pursuant to which she will receive compensation of
$8,333 per month, effective as of the Effective Date. The Company will also defend and indemnify Ms. Skowron in her capacity as Chief
Financial Officer of the Company to the fullest extent permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL) and shall
also maintain a policy for indemnifying its officers and directors, including Ms. Skowron, for all actions permitted under the DGCL taken
in good faith pursuit of their duties for the Company. The foregoing description of the CFO Agreement does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the CFO Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein
by reference.

There are no arrangements or understandings between
Ms. Skowron and any other persons pursuant to which she was selected as an officer of the Company. There are also no family relationships
between Ms. Skowron and any director or executive officer of the Company, and Ms. Skowron does not have any direct or indirect material
interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Entry into Consulting Agreement for appointment
of Richard Paolone as CEO

As previously disclosed on the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2025, the Company had appointed Mr. Richard Paolone as Interim
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors of the Company. Subsequently, on March 6, 2025, the Company entered into
a consulting agreement in connection with Mr. Paolones role as CEO (the CEO Agreement), effective as of February
12, 2025, pursuant to which he will receive compensation of $12,500 per month. The Company will also defend and indemnify Mr. Paolone
in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer of the Company to the fullest extent permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL)
and shall also maintain a policy for indemnifying its officers and directors, including Mr. Paolone, for all actions permitted under the
DGCL taken in good faith pursuit of their duties for the Company. The foregoing description of the CEO Agreement does not purport to be
complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the CEO Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2 and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Entry into Agreements with Directors of the
Company

As previously disclosed on the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 6, 2025 and February 12, 2025, the Company had appointed certain
directors (Mr. Manpreet Uppal, Mr. Richard Paolone and Mr. Eric Corbett) to its board of directors. On March 6, 2025, the Company entered
into agreements with each of its five directors (the Director Agreements), namely Mr. Manpreet Uppal, Mr. Richard Paolone,
Mr. Eric Corbett, Mr. Ed Borkowski and Mr. Jack Syage, effective as of February 12, 2025 with regard to their services as directors of
the Company. Pursuant to the Director Agreements, each director is entitled to a cash compensation of $2,500 per month to be paid monthly
at the beginning of each month. Under the Director Agreements, the Company will also reimburse each director for reasonable business related
expenses approved by the Company in advance, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. The foregoing description of the Director
Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Director Agreement, a form of which is
attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 Consulting Agreement dated March 6, 2025 between Company and Skowron Accounting Professional Corporation for appointment of Anna Skowron as Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

10.2 Consulting Agreement dated March 6, 2025 between Company and 2818390 Ontario Corp. for appointment of Richard Paolone as Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

10.3 Form of Director Agreement dated March 6, 2025 between Company and directors of the Company.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Entero Therapeutics, Inc.

March 7, 2025 By: /s/ Richard Joel Paolone

Name: Richard Joel Paolone

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm258554d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

CFO CONSULTING AGREEMENT

This
CFO CONSULTING AGREEMENT dated as of March 6, 2025 (this Agreement), is made and entered into between Entero
Therapeutics, Inc. (a Delaware Corporation) (the Company), and Skowron Accounting Professional Corporation,
an Ontario, Canada corporation (the Consultant).

WHEREAS, the Company desires to engage the Consultant
to provide certain consulting services described on Exhibit A (the Services) to the Company pursuant to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Consultant has designated Anna Skowron,
President of the Consultant (the Designee), to perform the Services as non-employee Chief Financial Officer;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company
(the Board) has appointed the Designee, to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions hereinafter set forth; and

WHEREAS, the Designee has the necessary skills
and qualifications to serve as the Chief Financial Officer and has agreed to serve as such, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
hereinafter set forth.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above
premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby are acknowledged, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

1. Independent Consultant.

During the term of this Agreement,
Consultant will perform the Services in a diligent and professional matter, and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
The Company, through the action of its Board, hereby engages the Consultant, and the Consultant will serve the Company, as a consultant.
During the term of this Agreement, the Designee will serve as the non-employee chief financial officer (CFO) of the Company.
The Company confirms that the Designee has been duly appointed as the CFO and will remain as an executive officer of the Company during
the term of this Agreement.

2. Duties, Term, and Compensation. The Consultants term of engagement, compensation and
provisions for payment thereof are detailed in the attached Exhibit B, which may be amended in writing from time to time by the
Consultant and agreed to by the Company, and which collectively are hereby incorporated by reference.

3. Expenses. The Company will reimburse the Consultant for all reasonable business expenses Consultant
incurs in conducting her duties hereunder, pursuant to the Companys usual expense reimbursement policies, but in no event later
than ninety (90) days after the end of the calendar month following the month in which such expenses were incurred by the Consultant;
provided that the Consultant supplies the appropriate substantiation for such expenses no later than the end of the calendar month following
the month in which such expenses were incurred by the Consultant.

4. Confidentiality. The Consultant acknowledges that during the engagement it will have access
to and become acquainted with various trade secrets, inventions, innovations, processes, information, records and specifications owned
or licensed by the Company and/or used by the Company in connection with the operation of its business including, without limitation,
the Companys business and product processes, methods, customer lists, accounts and procedures. The Consultant agrees that it will
not disclose any of the aforesaid, directly or indirectly, or use any of them in any manner, either during the term of this Agreement
or at any time thereafter, except as required in the course of this engagement with the Company. All files, records, documents, blueprints,
specifications, information, letters, notes, media lists, original artwork/creative, notebooks, and similar items relating to the business
of the Company, whether prepared by the Consultant or otherwise coming into the Consultants possession, shall remain the exclusive
property of the Company. The Consultant shall not retain any copies of the foregoing without the Companys prior written permission.
Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, or whenever requested by the Company, the Consultant shall immediately deliver
to the Company all such files, records, documents, specifications, information, and other items in her possession or under her control.
The Consultant confirms that all restrictions in Section 4 are reasonable and valid, and any defenses to the strict enforcement thereof
by the Company are waived by the Consultant. The provisions of this Section shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

5. Conflicts of Interest; Performance of Duties. The Consultant represents that it is free to
enter into this Agreement, and that this engagement does not violate the terms of any agreement between the Consultant, any of its personnel
or owners and any third party. Further, the Consultant, in rendering the Services, shall not utilize any invention, discovery, development,
improvement, innovation, or trade secret in which it does not have a proprietary interest.

6. Other Business Activities: The Consultant agrees that she is not, and during the Term of this Agreement
shall not be, engaged or employed in any business, trade, profession, or other activity that would create a conflict of interest with
the Company. If any such actual or potential conflict arises during the Term of this Agreement, the Consultant shall immediately notify
the Company in writing. If the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the conflict is material, the Company may terminate the
Agreement immediately upon written notice in accordance with provisions under Term under Exhibit B.

7. Indemnification and D&O Insurance: Consultant shall have full responsibility for applicable
withholding taxes or other taxes, U.S., Canadian or otherwise, for all compensation paid to Consultant under this Agreement, and for compliance
with all applicable labor and employment requirements with respect to Consultants self-employment, franchise tax, workers
compensation insurance coverage requirements and U.S. immigration visa requirements. Consultant shall indemnify, defend and hold Company
harmless from any liability for, or assessment of, any claims or penalties with respect to such withholding taxes, labor or employment
requirements including, without limitation, any liability for, or assessment of, withholding taxes imposed on Company by any relevant
taxing authorities with respect to any compensation paid to Consultant.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Company shall defend and indemnify the Designee in his capacity as Chief Financial Officer of the Company to the fullest extent permitted
under the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL). The Company shall also maintain a policy for indemnifying its officers
and directors, including but not limited to the Designee, for all actions permitted under the DGCL taken in good faith pursuit of their
duties for the Company, including but not limited to maintaining an appropriate level of Directors and Officers Liability coverage and
maintaining the inclusion of such provisions in the Companys by-laws or certificate of incorporation, as applicable and customary. The
rights to indemnification shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

8. Independent Contractor. This Agreement shall not render the Consultant or the Designee an
employee, partner, agent of, or joint venturer with the Company for any purpose. The Consultant is and will remain an independent Consultant
in her relationship with the Company. The Consultant will receive an IRS Form 1099 from the Company, and the Consultant shall be solely
responsible for all federal, state, and local taxes. The Consultant or Designee shall have no claim against the Company hereunder or otherwise
for vacation pay, sick leave, retirement benefits, social security, workers compensation, health or disability benefits, unemployment
insurance benefits, or employee benefits of any kind. The Consultant agrees to indemnify and save the Company harmless from and against
any and all assessments, losses or penalties actually incurred by the Company in respect of any unpaid taxes or other fees and charges
by the Consultant which are charged back to the Company, including, without limitation, contributions to any pension/retirement plans,
employment insurance or workers compensation premiums.

9. Successors and Assigns. All of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, if any, successors, and assigns.

10. Choice of Law. The laws of the state of New York shall govern the validity of this Agreement,
the construction of its terms and the interpretation of the rights and duties of the parties hereto.

11. Arbitration. Any controversies arising out of the terms of this Agreement or its interpretation
shall be settled in New York in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association, and the judgment upon award may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.

12. Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the parties irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the
courts of the State of New York.

13. Headings. Section headings are not to be considered a part of this Agreement and are not intended
to be a full and accurate description of the contents hereof.

14. Waiver. Waiver by one party hereto of breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other
shall not operate or be construed as a continuing waiver.

15. Assignment. The Consultant shall not assign any of her rights under this Agreement, or delegate
the performance of any of its duties hereunder, except as set forth herein, without the prior written consent of the Company.

16. Notices. All notices required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given and received (a) when personally delivered, or delivered by same-day courier; or
(b) on the third business day after mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested; or (c) upon delivery
when sent by prepaid overnight express delivery service (e.g., FedEx, UPS); or (d) when sent by email and upon the receipt by the sending
party of written confirmation by the receiving party; provided, however, that an automated email confirmation of delivery or read receipt
shall not constitute such confirmation; and, in any case addressed to either party, and in the case of the Company, at its normal business
address, and in the case of Consultant, at her residential address or other address provided, which address may be updated by either party
in writing from time to time.

17. Modification or Amendment. No amendment, change or modification of this Agreement shall be
valid unless in writing signed by the parties hereto.

18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed originally or electronically, and any number of counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, and together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures provided electronically
shall be deemed original signatures.

19. Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties hereto with
respect to its subject matter and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, statements, representations, negotiations, and understandings,
written or oral, with respect to matters covered hereby. The Consultant and Designee each hereby agrees to waive all present and future
claims under any prior agreements with the Company (collectively, the Prior Agreement). The Consultant acknowledges that
the Prior Agreement is cancelled in all respects and that no amounts are due and owed to Consultant or Designee under the Prior Agreement
and that each of the Consultant and Designee is not entitled to any other benefits under the Prior Agreement.

20. Unenforceability of Provisions. If any provision of this Agreement, or any portion thereof,
is held to be invalid and unenforceable, then the remainder of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned have executed
this Agreement as of the day and year first written above.

Entero Therapeutics, Inc. Skowron Accounting Professional Corporation

By: /s/ Richard Paolone By: /s/ Anna Skowron

Name: Richard Paolone Name: Anna Skowron

Title: Interim Chief Executive
Officer 

Designee 

By: /s/ Anna Skowron 

Name: Anna Skowron 

EXHIBIT A

DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES

Consultant agrees to provide the below Services
to the Company:

Skowron Accounting Professional Corporation (the
Consultant) will perform all duties typically required of a Chief Financial Officer, including, but not limited to accounting
oversight for the preparation of quarterly and annual financial statements to be filed with the SEC, filings required on Forms 8-K, 10-Q
and 10-K and such other filings as may be required.

The Consultant will provide oversight, assist
the Company with best accounting practices as well as other services such as preparing or reviewing financial information for management
and investors, as well as provide the necessary reports for the preparation of income tax returns. The Consultants duties shall
include, but shall not be limited to:

Cause Designee to sign SEC regulatory filings as CFO;

Release cash payments and payroll based on Company and Audit Committee approval and Companys internal
control procedures;

Oversee existing accounting department processes and operations;

Monitor the accuracy financial records and accounts in accordance with US GAAP;

Monitor and analyze financial performance, develop reports, and provide recommendations to improve performance;

Oversee monthly and quarterly closing procedures and reporting;

Review schedules utilized in the quarterly and annual filings;

Resolve day-to-day transactional issues;

Oversee auditor requests of transactions and support documentation;

Assist with cash flow management/ projections and strategic planning;

Respond in a timely manner to all requests for financial information by management, regulatory bodies
or stock exchange;

Review third party payroll provider payroll reports and tax filings;

Assist managements review, efforts,
and control over its accounting activities;

Make recommendations to improve organizational efficiency and cost-effectiveness; and

Assist in the preparation of data needed in the preparation of budgets.

Consultant will report directly to the CEO and
Audit Committee Chairman of the Company and to any other party designated by the Audit Committee Chairman in connection with the performance
of the duties under this Agreement and shall fulfill any other duties reasonably requested by the Company and agreed to by the Consultant.

EXHIBIT B

TERM AND TERMINATION:

This
engagement shall commence effective March 7, 2025 and shall be renewable on a month-to-month basis at the discretion of the Company unless
earlier terminated by the Consultant for any reason upon not less than ten business days notice given to the Company. The Company
may terminate this Agreement upon ten business days notice for any reason. In the event of termination prior to the end of a month,
the Company shall pay the Consultant on a pro-rata basis any compensation then due and payable for any services completed up to and including
the date of such termination.

COMPENSATION:

The Company will pay the Consultant compensation
at the rate of $8,333.33 per month. This compensation will be subject to periodic review and adjustments at the Companys discretion.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm258554d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

CONSULTING AGREEMENT FOR NON-EMPLOYEE CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER

This
CONSULTING AGREEMENT (this Agreement) dated March 6, 2025 and effective as of February 12, 2025 (Effective Date),
is made and entered into between Entero Therapeutics, Inc. (a Delaware Corporation) (the Company), and 2818390
Ontario Corp., an Ontario, Canada corporation (the Consultant).

WHEREAS, the Company desires to engage the Consultant
to provide certain consulting services described on Exhibit A (the Services) to the Company pursuant to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Consultant has designated Richard
Paolone, President of the Consultant (the Designee), to perform the Services as non-employee Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Board;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company
(the Board) has appointed the Designee, to serve as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth; and

WHEREAS, the Designee has the necessary skills
and qualifications to serve as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and has agreed to serve as such, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above
premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby are acknowledged, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

1. Independent Consultant.

During the term of this Agreement,
Consultant will perform the Services in a diligent and professional matter, and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
The Company, through the action of its Board, hereby engages the Consultant, and the Consultant will serve the Company, as a consultant.
During the term of this Agreement, the Designee will serve as the non-employee chief executive officer (CEO) of the Company
and the chairman of the board of directors of the Company (Chairman). The Company confirms that the Designee has been duly
appointed as the CEO and Chairman and will remain as an executive officer of the Company and Chairman during the term of this Agreement.

2. Duties, Term, and Compensation. The Consultants term of engagement, compensation and
provisions for payment thereof are detailed in the attached Exhibit B, which may be amended in writing from time to time by the
Consultant and agreed to by the Company, and which collectively are hereby incorporated by reference.

3. Expenses. The Company will reimburse the Consultant for all reasonable business expenses Consultant
incurs in conducting her duties hereunder, pursuant to the Companys usual expense reimbursement policies, but in no event later
than ninety (90) days after the end of the calendar month following the month in which such expenses were incurred by the Consultant;
provided that the Consultant supplies the appropriate substantiation for such expenses no later than the end of the calendar month following
the month in which such expenses were incurred by the Consultant.

4. Confidentiality. The Consultant acknowledges that during the engagement it will have access
to and become acquainted with various trade secrets, inventions, innovations, processes, information, records and specifications owned
or licensed by the Company and/or used by the Company in connection with the operation of its business including, without limitation,
the Companys business and product processes, methods, customer lists, accounts and procedures. The Consultant agrees that it will
not disclose any of the aforesaid, directly or indirectly, or use any of them in any manner, either during the term of this Agreement
or at any time thereafter, except as required in the course of this engagement with the Company. All files, records, documents, blueprints,
specifications, information, letters, notes, media lists, original artwork/creative, notebooks, and similar items relating to the business
of the Company, whether prepared by the Consultant or otherwise coming into the Consultants possession, shall remain the exclusive
property of the Company. The Consultant shall not retain any copies of the foregoing without the Companys prior written permission.
Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, or whenever requested by the Company, the Consultant shall immediately deliver
to the Company all such files, records, documents, specifications, information, and other items in her possession or under her control.
The Consultant confirms that all restrictions in Section 4 are reasonable and valid, and any defenses to the strict enforcement thereof
by the Company are waived by the Consultant. The provisions of this Section shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

5. Conflicts of Interest; Performance of Duties. The Consultant represents that it is free to
enter into this Agreement, and that this engagement does not violate the terms of any agreement between the Consultant, any of its personnel
or owners and any third party. Further, the Consultant, in rendering the Services, shall not utilize any invention, discovery, development,
improvement, innovation, or trade secret in which it does not have a proprietary interest.

6. Other Business Activities: The Consultant agrees that it or any of its personnel or owners are
not, and during the Term of this Agreement shall not be, engaged or employed in any business, trade, profession, or other activity that
would create a conflict of interest with the Company. If any such actual or potential conflict arises during the Term of this Agreement,
the Consultant shall immediately notify the Company in writing. If the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the conflict is
material, the Company may terminate the Agreement immediately upon written notice in accordance with provisions under Term
under Exhibit B.

7. Indemnification and D&O Insurance: Consultant shall have full responsibility for applicable
withholding taxes for all compensation paid to Consultant under this Agreement, and for compliance with all applicable labor and employment
requirements with respect to Consultants self-employment, franchise tax, workers compensation insurance coverage requirements
and U.S. immigration visa requirements. Consultant shall indemnify, defend and hold Company harmless from any liability for, or assessment
of, any claims or penalties with respect to such withholding taxes, labor or employment requirements including, without limitation, any
liability for, or assessment of, withholding taxes imposed on Company by the relevant taxing authorities with respect to any compensation
paid to Consultant.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Company shall defend and indemnify the Designee in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer of the Company to the fullest extent permitted
under the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL). The Company shall also maintain a policy for indemnifying its officers
and directors, including but not limited to the Designee, for all actions permitted under the DGCL taken in good faith pursuit of their
duties for the Company, including but not limited to maintaining an appropriate level of Directors and Officers Liability coverage and
maintaining the inclusion of such provisions in the Companys by-laws or certificate of incorporation, as applicable and customary. The
rights to indemnification shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

8. Independent Contractor. This Agreement shall not render the Consultant or the Designee an
employee, partner, agent of, or joint venturer with the Company for any purpose. The Consultant is and will remain an independent Consultant
in her relationship with the Company. The Consultant will receive an IRS Form 1099 from the Company, and the Consultant shall be solely
responsible for all federal, state, and local taxes. The Consultant shall have no claim against the Company hereunder or otherwise for
vacation pay, sick leave, retirement benefits, social security, workers compensation, health or disability benefits, unemployment
insurance benefits, or employee benefits of any kind. The Consultant agrees to indemnify and save the Company harmless from and against
any and all assessments, losses or penalties actually incurred by the Company in respect of any unpaid taxes or other fees and charges
by the Consultant which are charged back to the Company, including, without limitation, contributions to any pension/retirement plans,
employment insurance or workers compensation premiums.

9. Successors and Assigns. All of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, if any, successors, and assigns.

10. Choice of Law. The laws of the state of New York shall govern the validity of this Agreement,
the construction of its terms and the interpretation of the rights and duties of the parties hereto.

11. Arbitration. Any controversies arising out of the terms of this Agreement or its interpretation
shall be settled in New York in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association, and the judgment upon award may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.

12. Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the Parties irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the
courts of the State of New York.

13. Headings. Section headings are not to be considered a part of this Agreement and are not intended
to be a full and accurate description of the contents hereof.

14. Waiver. Waiver by one party hereto of breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other
shall not operate or be construed as a continuing waiver.

15. Assignment. The Consultant shall not assign any of her rights under this Agreement, or delegate
the performance of any of her duties hereunder, except as set forth herein, without the prior written consent of the Company.

16. Notices. All notices required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given and received (a) when personally delivered, or delivered by same-day courier; or
(b) on the third business day after mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested; or (c) upon delivery
when sent by prepaid overnight express delivery service (e.g., FedEx, UPS); or (d) when sent by email and upon the receipt by the sending
party of written confirmation by the receiving party; provided, however, that an automated email confirmation of delivery or read receipt
shall not constitute such confirmation; and, in any case addressed to either party, and in the case of the Company, at its normal business
address, and in the case of Consultant, at her residential address or other address provided, which address may be updated by either party
in writing from time to time.

17. Modification or Amendment. No amendment, change or modification of this Agreement shall be
valid unless in writing signed by the parties hereto.

18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed originally or electronically, and any number of counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, and together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures provided electronically
shall be deemed original signatures.

19. Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the Parties hereto with
respect to its subject matter and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, statements, representations, negotiations, and understandings,
written or oral, with respect to matters covered hereby.

20. Unenforceability of Provisions. If any provision of this Agreement, or any portion thereof,
is held to be invalid and unenforceable, then the remainder of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned have executed
this Agreement as of the day and year first written above.

Entero Therapeutics, Inc. 2818390 Ontario Corp.

By: /s/ Anna Skowron By: /s/ Richard Paolone

Name: Anna Skowron Name: Richard Paolone

Title: Chief Financial Officer Title: President

Designee 

By: /s/ Richard Paolone 

Name: Richard Paolone 

EXHIBIT A

DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES

Consultant agrees to provide the below Services
to the Company:

(a) Managing the operations of the Company;

(b) Working with the Board of Directors of the Company to develop and implement the Companys strategic
plan; and

(c) Performing such other duties of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company customarily related to this
function in an organization of the size and nature of the Company, and performing such other duties as may be determined and assigned
by the Board from time to time and required by the Companys governing instruments.

EXHIBIT B

TERM AND TERMINATION:

This
engagement shall commence effective February 12, 2025, and shall be renewable on a month-to-month basis at the discretion of the Company
unless earlier terminated by the Consultant for any reason upon not less than ten (10) business days notice given to the Company.
The Company may terminate this Agreement upon ten (10) business days notice for any reason. In the event of termination prior to
the end of a month, the Company shall pay the Consultant on a pro-rata basis any compensation then due and payable for any services completed
up to and including the date of such termination.

COMPENSATION:

The Company will pay the Consultant compensation
at the rate of $12,500 per month. This salary will be subject to periodic review and adjustments at the Companys discretion.

TITLE:

The Designees titles shall be (i) Chief
Executive Officer of the Company; and (ii) Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm258554d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

ENTERO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AGREEMENT

This
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AGREEMENT (the Agreement) dated March 6, 2025 and effective as of February 12, 2025 (the Effective
Date), by and between Entero Therapeutics, Inc. a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the undersigned
signatory (the Director), provides for director services, according to the following terms and conditions:

I. Services Provided

The Director agrees, subject to the
Director's continued status as a director, to serve on the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) and to
provide those services required of a director under the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, as both may be amended
from time to time (Charter Documents) and under the Delaware General Corporation Law, the federal securities laws
and other state and federal laws and regulations, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC) and any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Companys securities may be traded from time
to time. Director will also serve on such one or more committees of the Board as he or she and the Board shall mutually agree.

II. Nature of Relationship

A. The Director is an independent contractor and will not be
deemed as an employee of the Company for any purposes by virtue of this Agreement. The Director shall be solely responsible for the
payment or withholding of all federal, state, or local income taxes, social security taxes, unemployment taxes, and any and all
other taxes relating to the compensation he or she earns under this Agreement. The Director shall not, in his or her capacity as a
director of the Company, enter into any agreement or incur any obligations on the Companys behalf, without appropriate Board
action.

B. The Company will supply, at no cost to the Director: periodic briefings on the business, director packages for each board and committee
meeting, copies of minutes of meetings and any other materials that are required under the Companys Charter Documents or the charter
of any committee of the Board on which the Director serves and any other materials which may, by mutual agreement, be necessary for performing
the services requested under this Agreement.

III. Directors Representations and Warranties

A. The Director represents and warrants that no other party has
exclusive rights to his services in the specific areas in which the Company is conducting business and that the Director is in no
way compromising any rights or trust between any other party and the Director or creating a conflict of interest as a result of his
or her participation on the Board. The Director also represents, warrants and covenants that so long as the Director serves on the
Board, the Director will not enter into another agreement that will create a conflict of interest with this Agreement or the
Company. The Director further represents, warrants and covenants that he or she will comply with the Companys Articles,
Bylaws, policies and guidelines, all applicable laws and regulations, including Sections 10 and 16 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC or any other stock exchanges on which the Companys
securities may be traded; that if he or she is designated by the Board as an independent director, he or she shall promptly notify
the Board of any circumstances that may potentially impair his or her independence as a director of the Company; and that he or she
shall promptly notify the Board of any arrangements or agreements relating to compensation provided by a third party to him or her
in connection with his or her status as a director or director nominee of the Company or the services requested under this
Agreement.

1

B. Throughout the term of this Agreement, the Director agrees he or she will not, without obtaining the Companys prior written consent,
directly or indirectly engage or prepare to engage in any activity in competition with the Companys business, products or services,
including without limitation, products or services in the development stage, accept employment or provide services to (including but
not limited to service as a member of a board of directors), or establish a business in competition with the Company; provided, however,
that the Director may serve or continue to serve as an officer or director of one or more entities that are affiliated with the Company,
including without limitation, entities in which the Company does not have a majority holding.

IV. Compensation

A. Cash Fee. Subject to Section VI and during the term of this Agreement, the Company shall pay
the Director, if the Company does not otherwise compensate the Director as an officer or employee, a non-refundable base fee of $2,500
per month (Base Fee). The Base Fee is in consideration for the Director providing the services described in
Section I which shall compensate him or her for all time spent preparing for, travelling to (if applicable) and attending Board
or committee meetings. This cash fee may be revised by action of the Board from time to time. Such revision shall be effective as of
the date specified in the resolution for payments not yet earned and need not be documented by an amendment to this Agreement to be
effective. In addition, if the non-employee Director serves as the chairperson of any standing committee of the Board, he or she may
be entitled to additional cash compensation as decided by the Board (or the compensation committee thereof) in its sole discretion.

B. Payment. The Base Fee shall be paid monthly at the beginning
of each calendar month, with the Company paying the Director on the date hereof on a pro-rata basis for his services for the month of
February, 2025. No invoices need be submitted by the Director for payment of the Base Fee.

C. Expenses.
During the term of this Agreement, the Company will reimburse the Director for reasonable business related expenses approved by the Company
in advance, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. Invoices for expenses, with receipts attached, shall be submitted. Such invoices
must be approved by the Companys Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer as to form and completeness.

D. Equity Compensation. The Director shall be eligible to be granted equity awards in accordance with the Companys policies
as in effect from time to time, as approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors.

V. Indemnification and Insurance

The
Company will execute an indemnification agreement in favor of the Director substantially in the form of the agreement attached hereto
as Exhibit B (the Indemnification Agreement). In addition, so
long as the Companys indemnification obligations exist under the Indemnification Agreement, the Company shall provide the Director
with directors and officers liability insurance coverage in the amounts specified in the Indemnification Agreement.

VI. Term of Agreement and Amendments

This
Agreement shall be in effect from the Effective Date through the last date of the Directors term as a member of the Board. This
Agreement shall be automatically renewed on the date of the Directors reelection as a member of the Board for the period of such
new term unless the Board determines not to renew this Agreement. Any amendment to this Agreement must be approved by the Board. Amendments
to Section IV Compensation hereof do not require the Directors consent to be effective. Notice
of such amendment shall be provided to the Director within a reasonable time thereafter.

2

VII. Termination

A. This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the death
of the Director or upon his resignation or removal from, or failure to win election or reelection to, the Board. In the event of expiration
or termination of this Agreement, the Director agrees to return or destroy any materials transferred to the Director under this Agreement
except as may be necessary to fulfill any outstanding obligations hereunder. The Director agrees that the Company has the right of injunctive
relief to enforce this provision.

B. The Companys and the Directors continuing obligations
hereunder in the event of expiration or termination of this Agreement shall be subject to the terms of Section XIV hereof.

VIII. Limitation of Liability and Force Majeure

A. Under no circumstances shall the Company be liable to the Director
for any consequential damages claimed by any other party as a result of representations made by the Director with respect to the Company
which are materially different from any to those made in writing by the Company.

B. Furthermore, except for the maintenance of confidentiality, neither party shall be liable to the other for delay in any performance,
or for failure to render any performance under this Agreement when such delay or failure is caused by Government regulations (whether
or not valid), fire, strike, differences with workmen, illness of employees, flood, accident, or any other cause or causes beyond reasonable
control of such delinquent party.

IX. Confidentiality and Use of Director Information

A. The Director agrees to sign and abide by the Companys Director Proprietary Information Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit
A (the Proprietary Information Agreement).

B. The Director explicitly consents to the Company holding and processing both electronically and manually the information that he or she
provides to the Company or the data that the Company collects which relates to the Director for the purpose of the administration, management
and compliance purposes, including but not limited to the Companys disclosure of any and all information provided by the Director
in the Companys proxy statements, annual reports or other securities filings or reports pursuant to federal or state securities
laws or regulations, and the Director agrees to promptly notify the Company of any misstatement of a material fact regarding the Director,
and of the omission of any material fact necessary to make the statements contained in such documents regarding the Director not misleading.

X. Resolution of Dispute

Any dispute regarding this Agreement
(including without limitation its validity, interpretation, performance, enforcement, termination and damages) shall be determined in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, the United States of America. Any action under this paragraph shall not preclude
any party hereto from seeking injunctive or other legal relief to which each party may be entitled.

XI. Entire Agreement

This Agreement (including agreements
executed in substantially the form of the exhibits attached hereto) supersedes all prior or contemporaneous written or oral understandings
or agreements with respect to the Directors services as a member of the Board, and, except as otherwise set forth herein, may not
be added to, modified, or waived, in whole or in part, except by a writing signed by the party against whom such addition, modification
or waiver is sought to be asserted.

XII. Assignment

This Agreement and all of the provisions
hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and,
except as otherwise expressly provided herein, neither this Agreement, nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall
be assigned by either of the parties hereto without the prior written consent of the other party.

3

XIII. Notices

Any and all notices, requests and other
communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing, registered mail or by email, to each of the parties at the addresses
provided. Any such notice shall be deemed given when received and notice given by registered mail shall be considered to have been given
on the tenth (10th) day after having been sent in the manner provided for above.

XIV. Survival of Obligations

Notwithstanding
the expiration or termination of this Agreement, neither party hereto shall be released hereunder from any liability or obligation to
the other which has already accrued as of the time of such expiration or termination (including, without limitation, the Directors
obligations under the Proprietary Information Agreement, the Companys obligation to make any fees and expense payments required
pursuant to Section IV due up to the date of the expiration or termination, and the Companys indemnification and insurance
obligations set forth in Section V hereof) or which thereafter might accrue in respect of any act or omission of such party
prior to such expiration or termination.

XV. Attorneys Fees

If any legal action or other proceeding
is brought for the enforcement of this Agreement, or because of a dispute, breach or default in connection with any of the provisions
hereof, the successful or substantially prevailing party (including a party successful or substantially prevailing in defense) shall be
entitled to recover its actual attorneys fees and other costs incurred in that action or proceeding, in addition to any other relief
to which it may be entitled.

XVI. Severability

Any provision of this Agreement which
is determined to be invalid or unenforceable shall not affect the remainder of this Agreement, which shall remain in effect as though
the invalid or unenforceable provision had not been included herein, unless the removal of the invalid or unenforceable provision would
substantially defeat the intent, purpose or spirit of this Agreement.

XVII. Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one instrument. Execution and delivery of this Agreement by electronic
signature is legal, valid and binding for all purposes.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

4

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Board of Directors Agreement to be executed as of March 6, 2025.

ENTERO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Richard Paolone

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer

DIRECTOR:

Name: 

5

EXHIBIT A

ENTERO
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

DIRECTOR PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AGREEMENT

THIS DIRECTOR PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AGREEMENT
(the Agreement) is made effective as of the date of that certain Director Agreement (as defined herein), by and between
ENTERO THERAPEUTICS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the undersigned signatory (the Director).

WHEREAS,
the Director has agreed to serve on the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) pursuant to that certain Board
of Directors Agreement between the Company and Director (the Director Agreement);

WHEREAS,
the parties desire to assure the confidential status of the information which may be disclosed by the Company to the Director in connection
with the Director serving on the Board; and

NOW
THEREFORE, in reliance upon and in consideration of the following undertaking, the parties agree as follows:

1. Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 2, all information disclosed by the Company to the
Director shall be deemed to be Proprietary Information. In particular, Proprietary Information shall be deemed to
include any information, process, technique, algorithm, program, design, drawing, formula or test data relating to any research project,
work in process, future development, engineering, manufacturing, marketing, servicing, financing or personnel matter relating to the Company,
any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, present or future products, sales, suppliers, customers, employees, investors, or business of the
Company or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, whether or oral, written, graphic or electronic form.

2. The term Proprietary Information shall not be deemed to include the following information:
(i) information which is now, or hereafter becomes, through no breach of this Agreement on the part of the Director, generally known
or available to the public; (ii) is known by the Director at the time of receiving such information; (iii) is hereafter furnished
to the Director by a third party, as a matter of right and without restriction on disclosure; or (iv) is the subject of a written
permission to disclose provided by the Company.

3. The Director shall maintain in trust and confidence and not disclose to any third party or use for any
unauthorized purpose any Proprietary Information received from the Company. The Director may use such Proprietary Information only to
the extent required to accomplish the purposes of his position at the Company. The Director shall not use Proprietary Information for
any purpose or in any manner which would constitute a violation of any laws or regulations, including without limitation the export control
laws of the United States. No other rights of licenses to trademarks, inventions, copyrights, or patents are implied or granted under
this Agreement.

4. Proprietary Information supplied shall not be reproduced in any form except as required to accomplish
the intent of this Agreement.

5. The Director represents, warrants and covenants that he shall protect the Proprietary Information received
with at least the same degree of care used to protect his or her own Proprietary Information from unauthorized use or disclosure.

6. All Proprietary Information (including all copies thereof) shall remain in the property of the Company,
and shall be returned to the Company (or destroyed) after the Director's need for it has expired, or upon request of the Company, and
in any event, upon the expiration or termination of Director Agreement.

A-1

7. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, disclosure of Proprietary Information shall not
be precluded if such disclosure:

a. is in response to a valid order, including a subpoena, of a court or other governmental body of the United
States or any political subdivision thereof; provided, however, that to the extent reasonably feasible, the Director shall first have
given the Company notice of the Directors receipt of such order and the Company shall have had an opportunity to obtain a protective
order requiring that the Proprietary Information so disclosed be used only for the purpose for which the order was issued;

b. is otherwise required by law; or

c. is otherwise necessary to establish rights or enforce obligations under this Agreement, but only to the
extent that any such disclosure is necessary.

8. This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect during the term of the Director Agreement. This
Agreement may be terminated at any time thereafter upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other party. The termination of this Agreement
shall not relieve the Director of the obligations imposed by Paragraphs 3, 4, 5 and 11 of this Agreement with respect to Proprietary
information disclosed prior to the effective date of such termination and the provisions of these Paragraphs shall survive the termination
of this Agreement indefinitely with respect to Proprietary Information that constitutes trade secrets and for a period
of eighteen (18) months from the date of such termination with respect to other Proprietary Information.

9. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware as those laws are applied to contracts
entered into and to be performed entirely in Delaware.

10. This Agreement contains the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties relative to the subject
matter hereof and may not be changed, modified, amended or supplemented except by a written instrument signed by both parties.

11. Each party hereby acknowledges and agrees that in the event of any breach of this Agreement by the Director,
including, without limitation, an actual or threatened disclosure of Proprietary Information without the prior express written consent
of the Company, the Company will suffer an irreparable injury, such that no remedy at law will afford it adequate protection against,
or appropriate compensation for, such injury. Accordingly, each party hereby agrees that the Company shall be entitled to specific performance
of the Director's obligations under this Agreement, as well as such further injunctive relief as may be granted by a court of competent
jurisdiction.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

A-2

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Director Proprietary Information Agreement on and as of the day and
year first above written.

ENTERO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Richard Paolone

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer

DIRECTOR:

Name: 

A-3

EXHIBIT B

ENTERO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

THIS
INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT dated March __, 2025 and effective as of February 12, 2025 (this Agreement),
by and between ENTERO THERAPEUTICS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and the undersigned signatory
(Indemnitee).

RECITALS

A. The Company and Indemnitee recognize the continued difficulty in obtaining liability insurance for its
directors, officers, employees, stockholders, controlling persons, agents and fiduciaries, the significant increases in the cost of such
insurance and the general reductions in the coverage of such insurance.

B. the Company and Indemnitee further recognize the substantial increase in corporate litigation in general,
which subjects directors, officers, employees, controlling persons, stockholders, agents and fiduciaries to expensive litigation risks
at the same time as the availability and coverage of liability insurance has been severely limited.

C. Indemnitee does not regard the current protection available as adequate under the present circumstances,
and Indemnitee and other directors, officers, employees, stockholders, controlling persons, agents and fiduciaries of the Company may
not be willing to serve in such capacities without additional protection.

D. The Company (i) desires to attract and retain highly qualified individuals and entities, such as
Indemnitee, to serve the Company and, in part, in order to induce Indemnitee to be involved with the Company and (ii) wishes to provide
for the indemnification and advancing of expenses to Indemnitee to the maximum extent permitted by law.

E. This Agreement forms part of the consideration for Indemnitee to serve, or to continue to serve, as an
officer or director of the Company, and allows Indemnitee to fulfill his or her fiduciary duties under law and take on actions for or
on behalf of the Company.

F. In view of the considerations set forth above, the Company desires that Indemnitee be indemnified by the
Company as set forth herein.

B-1

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee hereby agree as
follows:

1. Indemnification.

a. Indemnification of Expenses. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee (including
its respective directors, officers, partners, former partners, members, former members, employees, agents and spouse, as applicable) and
each person who controls any of them or who may be liable within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), or Section 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), to the fullest extent permitted by law if Indemnitee was or is or becomes a party to or witness or other participant
in, or is threatened to be made a party to or witness or other participant in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, proceeding
or alternative dispute resolution mechanism, or any hearing, inquiry or investigation that Indemnitee believes might lead to the institution
of any such action, suit, proceeding or alternative dispute resolution mechanism, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative
or other (hereinafter a Claim) by reason of (or arising in part or in whole out of) any event or occurrence related
to the fact that Indemnitee is or was or may be deemed a director, officer, stockholder, employee, controlling person, agent or fiduciary
of the Company, or any subsidiary of the Company, or is or was or may be deemed to be serving at the request of the Company as a director,
officer, stockholder, employee, controlling person, agent or fiduciary of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or by reason of any action or inaction on the part of Indemnitee while serving in such capacity
including, without limitation, any and all losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities, joint or several (including any investigation,
legal and other expenses incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit, proceeding or any claim
asserted) under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise
or which relate directly or indirectly to the registration, purchase, sale or ownership of any securities of the Company or to any fiduciary
obligation owed with respect thereto or as a direct or indirect result of any Claim made by any stockholder of the Company against Indemnitee
and arising out of or related to any round of financing of the Company (including but not limited to Claims regarding non-participation,
or non-pro rata participation, in such round by such stockholder), or made by a third party against Indemnitee based on any misstatement
or omission of a material fact by the Company in violation of any duty of disclosure imposed on the Company by federal or state securities
or common laws (hereinafter an Indemnification Event) against any and all expenses (including attorneys fees
and all other costs, expenses and obligations incurred in connection with investigating, defending a witness in or participating in (including
on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness in or participate in, any such action, suit, proceeding, alternative dispute resolution
mechanism, hearing, inquiry or investigation), judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if, and only if, such settlement
is approved in advance by the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) of such Claim and any federal, state, local
or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement (collectively,
hereinafter Expenses), including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or
in respect of such Expenses. Such payment of Expenses shall be made by the Company as soon as practicable but in any event no later than
ten (10) days after written demand by Indemnitee therefor is presented to the Company.

b. Reviewing Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the obligations of the Company under Section 1(a) shall
be subject to the condition that the Reviewing Party (as described in Section 6(e) hereof) shall not have determined (in a written
opinion, in any case in which the Independent Legal Counsel referred to in Section 1(e) hereof is involved) that Indemnitee
would not be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law, and (ii) Indemnitee acknowledges and agrees that the obligation of
the Company to make an advance payment of Expenses to Indemnitee pursuant to Section 2(a) (an Expense Advance)
shall be subject to the condition that, if, when and to the extent that the Reviewing Party determines that Indemnitee would not be permitted
to be so indemnified under applicable law, the Company shall be entitled to be reimbursed by Indemnitee (who hereby agrees to reimburse
the Company) for all such amounts theretofore paid; provided, however, that if Indemnitee has commenced or thereafter commences legal
proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction to secure a determination that Indemnitee should be indemnified under applicable law,
any determination made by the Reviewing Party that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law shall not
be binding and Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any Expense Advance until a final judicial determination
is made with respect thereto (as to which all rights of appeal therefrom have been exhausted or lapsed). Indemnitees obligation
to reimburse the Company for any Expense Advance shall be unsecured and no interest shall be charged thereon. If there has not been a
Change in Control (as defined in Section 6(c) hereof), the Reviewing Party shall be selected by the Companys Board of
Directors (the Board), and if there has been such a Change in Control (other than a Change in Control which has been
approved by a majority of the Board who were directors immediately prior to such Change in Control), the Reviewing Party shall be the
Independent Legal Counsel referred to in Section 1(e) hereof. If there has been no determination by the Reviewing Party or if
the Reviewing Party determines that Indemnitee substantively would not be permitted to be indemnified in whole or in part under applicable
law, Indemnitee shall have the right to commence litigation seeking an initial determination by the court or challenging any such
determination by the Reviewing Party or any aspect thereof, including the legal or factual bases therefor, and the Company hereby consents
to service of process and to appear in any such proceeding. Any determination by the Reviewing Party otherwise shall be conclusive and
binding on the Company and Indemnitee.

B-2

c. Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Section 1(a) above for any reason
is determined by the Reviewing Party or held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to Indemnitee in respect of any losses,
claims, damages, expenses or liabilities referred to therein, then the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee thereunder, shall,
to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, contribute to the amount paid or payable by Indemnitee as a result of such losses,
claims, damages, expenses or liabilities in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company
and Indemnitee and the relative fault of the Company and Indemnitee in connection with the action or inaction which resulted in such losses,
claims, damages, expenses or liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. In connection with losses, claims, damages,
expenses or liabilities resulting from the registration of the Companys securities, the relative benefits received by the Company
and Indemnitee shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions that the net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses)
received by them, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover page of the applicable prospectus, bear to the aggregate public
offering price of the securities so offered. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnitee shall be determined by reference to, among
other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material
fact relates to information supplied by the Company or Indemnitee and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information
and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.

The Company and Indemnitee agree that
it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1(c) were determined by pro rata or per capita allocation
or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding
paragraph. In connection with losses, claims, damages, expenses or liabilities resulting from the registration of the Companys
securities, in no event shall Indemnitee be required to contribute any amount under this Section 1(c) in excess of the lesser
of (i) that proportion of the total of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities indemnified against equal to Indemnitees
proportion of the total securities being offered under such registration statement or (ii) the proceeds received by Indemnitee from
its securities sold under the registration statement. Notwithstanding this Section 1(c), no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not found
guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

d. Survival Regardless of Investigation. The indemnification and contribution provided for in this
Section 1 will remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of Indemnitee or any officer,
director, employee, agent or controlling person of Indemnitee.

e. Change in Control. The Company agrees that if there is a Change in Control of the Company (other
than a Change in Control which has been approved by a majority of the Board who were directors immediately prior to such Change in Control)
then, with respect to all matters thereafter arising concerning the rights of Indemnitee to payments of Expenses under this Agreement
or any other agreement or under the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate) or
Bylaws as now or hereafter in effect, Independent Legal Counsel (as defined in Section 6(d) hereof) shall be selected by
Indemnitee and approved by the Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). Such counsel, among other things, shall render
its written opinion to the Company and Indemnitee as to whether and to what extent Indemnitee would be permitted to be indemnified under
applicable law. The Company agrees to abide by such opinion and to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent Legal Counsel referred to
above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all expenses (including attorneys fees), claims, liabilities and damages
arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

B-3

f. Mandatory Payment of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent
that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise, including, without limitation, the dismissal of an action without prejudice,
in the defense of any action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation referred to in Section 1(a) hereof or in the defense
of any claim, issue or matter therein, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection
herewith.

2. Expenses; Indemnification Procedure.

a. Advancement of Expenses. Subject to Section 1(b) hereof, the Company shall advance all
Expenses incurred by Indemnitee. The advances to be made hereunder shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee as soon as practicable but
in any event no later than fifteen (15) days after written demand by Indemnitee therefor to the Company.

b. Notice/Cooperation by Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall give the Company written notice as soon as practicable
of any Claim made against Indemnitee for which indemnification will or could be sought under this Agreement; provided, however, that any
failure or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Company of its obligations under this Agreement unless and to the extent
that (i) the Company is not aware of such Claim and (ii) the Company is materially prejudiced by such failure or delay. The
written notice to the Company shall include a description of the nature of and the facts underlying the Claim and be directed to the Chief
Executive Officer of the Company at the address shown on the signature page of this Agreement (or such other address as the Company
shall designate in writing to Indemnitee).

c. No Presumptions; Burden of Proof. For purposes of this Agreement, the termination of any Claim
by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere, or its equivalent,
shall not create a presumption that Indemnitee did not meet any particular standard of conduct or have any particular belief or that a
court has determined that indemnification is not permitted by applicable law. In addition, neither the failure of the Reviewing Party
to have made a determination as to whether Indemnitee has met any particular standard of conduct or had any particular belief, nor an
actual determination by the Reviewing Party that Indemnitee has not met such standard of conduct or did not have such belief, prior to
the commencement of legal proceedings by Indemnitee to secure a judicial determination that Indemnitee should be indemnified under applicable
law, shall be a defense to Indemnitees claim or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met any particular standard of conduct
or did not have any particular belief. In connection with any determination by the Reviewing Party or otherwise as to whether Indemnitee
is entitled to be indemnified hereunder, the burden of proof shall be on the Company to establish that Indemnitee is not so entitled.

d. Notice to Insurers. If, at the time of the receipt by the Company of a notice of a Claim pursuant
to Section 2(b) hereof, the Company has liability insurance in effect which may cover such Claim, the Company shall give prompt
written notice of the commencement of such Claim to the applicable insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in each of the
policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee,
all amounts payable as a result of such action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation in accordance with the terms of such policies.

e. Selection of Counsel. In the event the Company is obligated hereunder to pay the Expenses of any
Claim, the Company shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and assume the control of the defense of such Claim, with counsel
reasonably approved by Indemnitee (such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), upon the delivery to Indemnitee
of written notice of its election to do so. After delivery of such notice, approval of such counsel by Indemnitee and the retention of
such counsel by the Company, the Company will not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any fees of counsel subsequently incurred
by Indemnitee with respect to the same Claim; provided that, (i) Indemnitee shall have the right to employ Indemnitees counsel
in any such Claim at Indemnitees sole expense; (ii) Indemnitee shall have the right to employ Indemnitees own counsel
in connection with such proceeding, at the expense of the Company, if such counsel serves in a review, observer, advice and counseling
capacity and does not otherwise materially control or participate in the defense of such Claim; and (iii) if the Company and Indemnitee
have mutually concluded that there is a conflict of interest between them in the conduct of the defense of such Claim, then Indemnitee
is entitled to retain its own counsel and the reasonable fees and expenses of Indemnitees counsel reasonably approved by the Company
(such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) shall be at the expense of the Company.

B-4

3. Additional Indemnification Rights; Non-Exclusivity.

a. Scope. The Company hereby agrees to indemnify Indemnitee for the Expenses of any Claim to the fullest
extent permitted by law, even if indemnification is not specifically authorized by the other provisions of this Agreement or any other
agreement, the Companys Certificate and Bylaws or by statute. In the event of any change after the date of this Agreement in any
applicable law, statute or rule which expands the right of a Delaware corporation to indemnify a member of its board of directors
or an officer, employee, agent or fiduciary, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the
greater benefits afforded by such change. In the event of any change in any applicable law, statute or rule which narrows the right
of a Delaware corporation to indemnify a member of its board of directors or an officer, employee, agent or fiduciary, such change, to
the extent not otherwise required by such law, statute or rule to be applied to this Agreement, shall have no effect on this Agreement
or the parties rights and obligations hereunder except as set forth in Section 8(a) hereof.

b. Non-Exclusivity. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, the indemnification provided by this
Agreement shall be in addition to any rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled under the Companys Certificate or Bylaws, any
agreement, any vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, the laws of the State of Delaware, or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement, the indemnification provided under this Agreement shall continue as to Indemnitee for any action Indemnitee took or
did not take while serving in an indemnified capacity even though Indemnitee may have ceased to serve in such capacity and indemnification
shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee from and after Indemnitees first day of service as a director with the Company or affiliation
with a director from and after the date such director commences services as a director with the Company.

c. No Duplication of Payments. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall
not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment in connection with any Claim made against Indemnitee to the extent Indemnitee has
otherwise actually received payment (under any insurance policy, any other agreement, the Companys Certificate and Bylaws or otherwise)
of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder.

d. Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification
by the Company for any portion of Expenses incurred in connection with any Claim, but not, however, for all of the total amount thereof,
the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion of such Expenses to which Indemnitee is entitled thereunder.

e. Mutual Acknowledgement. The Company and Indemnitee acknowledge that in certain instances, applicable
law or public policy may prohibit the Company from indemnifying its directors, officers, employees, controlling persons, agents or fiduciaries
under this Agreement or otherwise.

B-5

f. Liability Insurance. During any period of time Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification rights
under this Agreement, the Company shall maintain liability insurance applicable to directors, officers, employees, control persons, agents
or fiduciaries, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policies in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights and benefits
as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors, if Indemnitee is a director, or of the Companys
officers, if Indemnitee is not a director of the Company but is an officer; or of the Companys key employees, controlling persons,
agents or fiduciaries, if Indemnitee is not an officer or director but is a key employee, agent, control person, or fiduciary. Said liability
insurance shall provide coverage amounts of no less than $2.0 million and shall be held with an insurance carrier which the Board believes
is of financially sound condition.

4. Exceptions.
Any other provision herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company shall not be obligated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement:

a. Claims Under Section 16(b). To indemnify Indemnitee for Expenses arising from or in connection
with any Claims for which a final decision by a court having jurisdiction in the matter determines that Indemnitee sold or purchased the
Companys securities in violation of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or any similar successor statute;

b. Compensation Recovery Claims. To indemnify Indemnitee for Expenses arising from or in connection
with any Claims for any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation
or of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, as required under the Exchange Act (including any
such reimbursements that rise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), or the payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and
sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act);

c. Indemnitee Claims. To indemnify Indemnitee for Expenses arising from or in connection with any
Claims initiated or brought voluntarily by Indemnitee not by way of defense, except with respect to Claims brought to establish or enforce
a right to indemnification under this Agreement, the Companys Certificate and Bylaws or any applicable law;

d. Unlawful Indemnification. To indemnify Indemnitee for Expenses arising from or in connection with
any Claims for which a final decision by a court having jurisdiction in the matter determines that such indemnification is not lawful;

e. Fraud. To indemnify Indemnitee for Expenses arising from or in connection with any Claims for which
a final decision by a court having jurisdiction in the matter determines that Indemnitee has committed fraud on the Company; and

f. Insurance. To indemnify Indemnitee for which payment is actually and fully made to Indemnitee under
a valid and collectible insurance policy.

5. Period of Limitations.
No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee or Indemnitees
estate, spouse, heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of five (5) years from the date of accrual
of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by
the timely filing of a legal action within such five (5) year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations
is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action, such shorter period shall govern.

6. Construction of Certain Phrases.

a. For purposes of this Agreement, references to the Company shall include, in addition
to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or
merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, employees,
agents or fiduciaries, so that if Indemnitee is or was or may be deemed a director, officer, employee, agent, control person, or fiduciary
of such constituent corporation, or is or was or may be deemed to be serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director,
officer, employee, control person, agent or fiduciary of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, employee benefit plan, trust
or other enterprise, Indemnitee shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Agreement with respect to the resulting
or surviving corporation as Indemnitee would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.

B-6

b. For purposes of this Agreement, references to other enterprise shall include any
employee benefit plan of the Company; references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on Indemnitee with
respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service
as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer,
employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan of the Company, its participants or its beneficiaries.

c. For purposes of this Agreement a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred
if (i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act),
other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned directly
or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, (A) who
is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 20% or more of the combined voting
power of the Companys then outstanding Voting Securities, increases beneficial ownership of such securities by 5% or more, or (B) becomes
the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities
of the Company representing more than 30% of the total voting power represented by the Companys then outstanding Voting Securities,
(ii) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new
director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least
two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination
for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof, or (iii) the stockholders of the
Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation other than a merger or consolidation which would result
in the Voting Securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding
or by being converted into Voting Securities of the surviving entity) at least two-thirds (2/3) of the total voting power represented
by the Voting Securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or the stockholders
of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of (in
one transaction or a series of transactions) all or substantially all of the Companys assets. Voting Securities
shall mean any securities of the Company that vote generally in the election of directors.

d. For purposes of this Agreement, Independent Legal Counsel shall mean an attorney
or firm of attorneys, selected in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(e) hereof, who shall not have otherwise performed
services for the Company or Indemnitee within the last three (3) years (other than with respect to matters concerning the right of
Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnity agreements).

e. For purposes of this Agreement, a Reviewing Party shall mean any appropriate person
or body consisting of a member or members of the Board or any other person or body appointed by the Board, who is not a party to the particular
Claim for which Indemnitee is seeking indemnification, such as a committee of the Board or Independent Legal Counsel.

7. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original.

8. Binding Effect; Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto
and their respective successors, assigns, including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to
all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company, spouses, heirs, and personal and legal representatives. The Company
shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially
all, or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee,
expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to
perform if no such succession had taken place. This Agreement shall continue in effect with respect to Claims relating to Indemnifiable
Events regardless of whether Indemnitee continues to serve as a director, officer, employee, agent, controlling person, or fiduciary of
the Company or of any other enterprise, including subsidiaries of the Company, at the Companys request.

B-7

9. Attorneys Fees.
In the event that any action is instituted by Indemnitee under this Agreement or under any liability insurance policies maintained by
the Company to enforce or interpret any of the terms hereof or thereof, Indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid all Expenses incurred
by Indemnitee with respect to such action if Indemnitee is ultimately successful in such action. In the event of an action instituted
by or in the name of the Company under this Agreement to enforce or interpret any of the terms of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall
be entitled to be paid Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in the defense of such action (including costs and expenses incurred with respect
to Indemnitee counterclaims and cross-claims made in such action), and shall be entitled to the advancement of Expenses with respect to
such action, in each case only to the extent that Indemnitee is ultimately successful in such action.

10. Notice.
All notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing, shall be effective when given, and shall in
any event be deemed to be given (a) five (5) days after deposit with the U.S. Postal Service or other applicable postal service,
if delivered by first class mail, postage prepaid, (b) upon delivery, if delivered by hand, (c) one business day after the business
day of deposit with Federal Express or similar overnight courier, freight prepaid, or (d) upon delivery by email, with copy by first
class mail, postage prepaid, and shall be addressed if to Indemnitee, at Indemnitees address as set forth beneath the Indemnitees
signature to this Agreement and if to the Company at the address of its principal corporate offices (attention: Secretary) or at such
other address as such party may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the other party hereto.

11. Severability.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable in the event that any of the provisions hereof (including any provision within a single
section, paragraph or sentence) are held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable, and
the remaining provisions hereof shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. Furthermore, to the fullest extent possible,
this Agreement (including, without limitations, each portion of this Agreement containing any provision held to be invalid, void or otherwise
unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, void or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by
the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

12. Resolution of Dispute.
This Agreement shall be governed by and its provisions construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without
regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. To the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless the Company consents in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, the Courts of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for all purposes in
connection with any dispute regarding, arising out of or relating to this Agreement (including without limitation its validity, interpretation,
performance, enforcement, termination and damages).

13. Subrogation.
In the event of payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery
of Indemnitee who shall execute all documents required and shall do all acts that may be necessary to secure such rights and to enable
the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.

14. Amendment and Termination.
No amendment, modification, termination or cancellation of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing signed by the parties
to be bound thereby. Notice of same shall be provided to all parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall
be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing
waiver.

15. Corporate Authority.
The Board has approved the terms of this Agreement.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

B-8

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Indemnification Agreement on March 6, 2025.

ENTERO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Richard Paolone

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer

DIRECTOR:

Name: 

B-9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fwbi-20250303.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fwbi-20250303_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>fwbi-20250303_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 001-37853

Entity Registrant Name Entero Therapeutics, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001604191

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-4993860

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 777 Yamato Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 502

Entity Address, City or Town Boca Raton

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33431

City Area Code 561

Local Phone Number 589-7020

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ENTO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://firstwavebio.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

fwbi-20250303.xsd 
fwbi-20250303_lab.xml 
fwbi-20250303_pre.xml 
tm258554d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-021728-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm258554d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001604191 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001604191 
8-K 
2025-03-03 
Entero Therapeutics, Inc. 
DE 
001-37853 
46-4993860 
777 Yamato Road 
Suite 502 
Boca Raton 
FL 
33431 
561 
589-7020 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ENTO 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>