<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-067227.txt : 20250328
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-067227.hdr.sgml : 20250328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250328170838
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-067227
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250328
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WELLTOWER INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000766704
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				341096634
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08923
		FILM NUMBER:		25787532

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 DORR STREET
		CITY:			TOLEDO
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43615
		BUSINESS PHONE:		419-247-2800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 DORR STREET
		CITY:			TOLEDO
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43615

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTH CARE REIT INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d926833d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000076670400007667042025-03-282025-03-280000766704us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-03-282025-03-280000766704well:NotesDue20284.800Member2025-03-282025-03-280000766704well:NotesDue20344.500Member2025-03-282025-03-28

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 28, 2025

Welltower Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-8923 34-1096634

(State or other jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

4500 Dorr Street, Toledo, Ohio 43615

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (419)247-2800

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e 4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, $1.00 par value per share WELL New York Stock Exchange

Guarantee of 4.800% Notes due 2028 issued by Welltower OP LLC WELL/28 New York Stock Exchange

Guarantee of 4.500% Notes due 2034 issued by Welltower OP LLC WELL/34 New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events.

At-the-Market Offering 

On March 28, 2025, Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into an equity distribution agreement (the Equity Distribution Agreement) with Welltower OP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Welltower OP), and (i) BofA Securities, Inc., BBVA Securities Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., Capital One Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citizens JMP Securities, LLC, Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Huntington Securities, Inc., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Loop Capital Markets LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Regions Securities LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., Synovus Securities, Inc., TD Securities (USA) LLC, Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC as sales agents (when acting in this capacity, individually, a Sales Agent and, collectively, the Sales Agents) and, in certain cases, forward sellers (when a sales agent is acting in this capacity, individually, a Forward Seller and, collectively, the Forward Sellers) and (ii) the Forward Purchasers (as defined below) relating to issuances, offers and sales of shares of the Companys common stock (the Common Stock), par value $1.00 per share, and in connection therewith, on March 28, 2025, terminated its prior equity distribution agreement dated October 29, 2024. In accordance with the terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement, shares of Common Stock having an aggregate sales price of up to $7,500,000,000 (the ATM Shares) may be offered and sold from time to time through any of the Sales Agents (acting in their capacity as sales agents or as Forward Sellers, as described below). 

The Equity Distribution Agreement provides that, in addition to the issuance and sale of the ATM Shares by the Company through the Sales Agents, the Company may enter into forward sale agreements under separate master forward sale confirmations with the Forward Sellers (or affiliates thereof) (the Forward Purchasers). In connection with each particular forward sale agreement, the relevant Forward Purchaser or its affiliates will, at the Companys request, borrow from third parties and, through the relevant Forward Seller, sell a number of the ATM Shares equal to the number of ATM Shares underlying the particular forward sale agreement. In no event will the aggregate number of ATM Shares sold through the Sales Agents, whether as agents for the Company or as Forward Sellers, under the Equity Distribution Agreement, have an aggregate sales price in excess of $7,500,000,000. 

The Company will not receive any proceeds from the sale of borrowed shares of Common Stock by a Forward Seller. The Company expects to physically settle each particular forward sale agreement with the relevant Forward Purchaser on one or more dates specified by the Company on or prior to the maturity date of that particular forward sale agreement, in which case the Company would expect to receive per share cash proceeds at settlement equal to the forward sale price under the relevant forward sale agreement. However, the Company may also elect to cash settle or net share settle a particular forward sale agreement, in which case the Company may not receive any proceeds (in the case of cash settlement) or will not receive any proceeds (in the case of net share settlement), and the Company may owe cash (in the case of cash settlement) or shares of Common Stock (in the case of net share settlement) to the relevant Forward Purchaser. 

Sales of the ATM Shares, if any, will be made by any method permitted by law, including by means of ordinary brokers transactions on the New York Stock Exchange at market prices, in block transactions, or as otherwise agreed with the applicable Sales Agent, or by means of any other existing trading market for the Common Stock or to or through a market maker other than on an exchange. The offer and sale of the ATM Shares has been registered on the Companys automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286204) (the New Registration Statement), pursuant to a prospectus supplement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on March 28, 2025. 

The foregoing description of certain terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement and the forward sale agreements (the form of which is attached as Schedule C to the Equity Distribution Agreement) and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms and conditions of the Equity Distribution Agreement and the form of forward sale agreement, which are filed herewith as Exhibit 1.1 and are incorporated by reference herein. 

Exchangeable Notes Resale Prospectus Supplement 

On March 28, 2025, the Company filed with the SEC the New Registration Statement to replace the Companys existing automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-264093) filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022 (the Prior Registration Statement). In connection with the filing of the New Registration Statement, on March 28, 2025, the Company filed with the SEC another prospectus supplement (the Exchangeable Prospectus Supplement) to the Base Prospectus. The Exchangeable Prospectus Supplement continues the offering previously covered by a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus to the Prior Registration Statement relating to the registration of up to 23,471,419 shares of Common Stock (the Exchangeable Shares) that may, under certain circumstances, be issuable upon exchange of the 2.750% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2028 or 3.125% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2029 of Welltower OP, and the resale from time to time by the recipients of such Exchangeable Shares. 

DownREIT Prospectus Supplement 

In connection with the filing of the New Registration Statement, on March 28, 2025, the Company filed with the SEC another prospectus supplement (the DownREIT Prospectus Supplement) to the Base Prospectus. The DownREIT Prospectus Supplement continues the offering previously covered by a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus to the Prior Registration Statement relating to the registration and possible issuance of up to 390,590 shares of Common Stock (the DownREIT Shares) that may be issued from time to time if, and to the extent that, certain holders of Class A units (the DownREIT Units) of HCN G&L DownREIT II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the DownREIT), tender such DownREIT Units for redemption by the DownREIT, and HCN DownREIT Member, LLC, a majority-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company (including its permitted successors and assigns, the Managing Member), or a designated affiliate of the Managing Member, elects to assume the redemption obligations of the DownREIT and to satisfy all or a portion of the redemption consideration by issuing DownREIT Shares to the holders instead of or in addition to paying a cash amount. 

Registration of the DownREIT Shares as provided in the DownREIT Prospectus Supplement does not necessarily mean that any of the holders of DownREIT Units will exercise their redemption rights with respect to the DownREIT Units or that the Managing Member will elect to assume the redemption obligations of the DownREIT and to satisfy all or a portion of the redemption consideration by issuing DownREIT Shares to the holders instead of or in addition to paying a cash amount. 

Welltower OP Unit Prospectus Supplement 

In connection with the filing of the New Registration Statement, on March 28, 2025, the Company filed with the SEC another prospectus supplement (the OP Prospectus Supplement) to the Base Prospectus. The OP Prospectus Supplement continues the offering previously covered by a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus to the Prior Registration Statement relating to the registration and possible issuance of up to 238,868 shares Common Stock (the OP Shares) that may be issued from time to time if, and to the extent that, certain holders of Class A common units (the OP Units) of Welltower OP tender such OP Units for redemption by Welltower OP, and the Company elects to assume the redemption obligations of Welltower OP and to satisfy all or a portion of the redemption consideration by issuing OP Shares to the holders instead of or in addition to paying a cash amount. 

Registration of the OP Shares as provided in the OP Prospectus Supplement does not necessarily mean that any of the holders of OP Units will exercise their redemption rights with respect to the OP Units or that the Company will elect to assume the redemption obligations of Welltower OP and to satisfy all or a portion of the redemption consideration by issuing OP Shares to the holders instead of or in addition to paying a cash amount. 

Resale Prospectus Supplement 

On March 28, 2025, the Company filed with the SEC a prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus to register the offer and resale by the selling stockholder identified therein of up to 1,563,904 shares of Common Stock (the Resale Shares), which the Company issued as consideration for its recent acquisition of certain properties. 

The Company is filing this Current Report on Form 8-K, in part, to provide legal and tax opinions of its counsel, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, which opinions are attached hereto as Exhibits 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 5.5, 8.1, 8.2, 8.3, 8.4 and 8.5 and are incorporated by reference herein and in the New Registration Statement. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

1.1 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, among Welltower Inc., Welltower OP LLC, the sales agents named therein and the related forward purchasers. 

5.1 Opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP regarding the ATM Shares. 

5.2 Opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP regarding the Exchangeable Shares. 

5.3 Opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP regarding the DownREIT Shares. 

5.4 Opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP regarding the OP Shares. 

5.5 Opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP regarding the Resale Shares. 

8.1 Tax Opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP regarding the ATM Shares. 

8.2 Tax Opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP regarding the Exchangeable Shares. 

8.3 Tax Opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP regarding the DownREIT Shares. 

8.4 Tax Opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP regarding the OP Shares. 

8.5 Tax Opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP regarding the Resale Shares. 

23.1 Consent of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP (included in Exhibits 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 5.5, 8.1, 8.2, 8.3, 8.4 and 8.5 hereto).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

WELLTOWER INC.

By: 

/s/ MATTHEW MCQUEEN

Name: Matthew McQueen

Title: Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel

Date: March 28, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d926833dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

WELLTOWER INC. 

$7,500,000,000 

Shares of Common
Stock 

(par value $1.00 per share) 

EQUITY DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 

March 28, 2025 

To the Forward Purchasers,
Forward Sellers and Sales Agents listed on Annex I

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This Equity Distribution Agreement (this Agreement), dated March 28, 2025, is by and among Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and Welltower OP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Operating Company), on the one hand, and Bank of America, N.A., Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Bank of Montreal, The Bank of New
York Mellon, Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, Citibank, N.A., Citizens JMP Securities, LLC, Crdit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Huntington Securities, Inc.,
Jefferies LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Mizuho Markets Americas LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, MUFG Securities EMEA plc, Regions Securities LLC, Royal Bank of Canada, The Bank of Nova Scotia,
The Toronto-Dominion Bank, Truist Bank, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, each in its capacity as purchaser under any Forward Contract (as defined herein) (each, a Forward Purchaser and collectively, the Forward
Purchasers), and BofA Securities, Inc., BBVA Securities Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., Capital One Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc.,
Citizens JMP Securities, LLC, Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Huntington Securities, Inc., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Loop Capital
Markets LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Regions Securities LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., Synovus Securities, Inc., TD Securities (USA) LLC, Truist
Securities, Inc., and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,each in its capacity as agent for the Company in connection with the offer and sale of any Issuance Shares (as defined herein) hereunder (each, a Sales Agent and
collectively, the Sales Agents) and (except in the case of Capital One Securities, Inc., Loop Capital Markets LLC and Synovus Securities, Inc.) each in its capacity as agent for the related Forward Purchaser in connection with the
offer and sale of any Forward Hedge Shares (as defined herein) hereunder (each, a Forward Seller and collectively, the Forward Sellers). 

SECTION 1. Description of Securities

(a) Each of the Company and the Operating Company agrees that shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the Company
(the Common Stock) with an aggregate Sales Price (as defined herein) of up to $7,500,000,000 (the Maximum Amount) may be offered and sold in the manner contemplated by this Agreement and upon the terms and
subject to the conditions contained herein. 

(b) Each Sales Agent has been appointed by the Company as its agent to sell
the Issuance Shares and agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell the Issuance Shares offered by the Company upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein. 

(c) Each Forward Seller has been appointed by the Company and the related Forward Purchaser as its agent to sell the Forward
Hedge Shares and agrees with the Company and such Forward Purchaser to use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell the Forward Hedge Shares to be borrowed by such Forward Purchaser (or its
affiliate) upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein and in the related Master Forward Confirmation (as defined herein). For the avoidance of doubt, unless the context requires otherwise, references herein to the
relevant, applicable or related Forward Purchaser mean, with respect to any Forward Seller the affiliate of such Forward Seller that is acting as a Forward Purchaser or, if applicable, such Forward Seller acting
as a Forward Purchaser. 

(d) The Shares shall have an aggregate Sales Price of up to the Maximum Amount. 

For purposes of this Agreement, capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the following respective meanings: 

Actual Sold Forward Amount means, for any Forward Hedge Selling Period for any Forward, the specified, fixed number of Forward Hedge Shares
instructed to be sold by the applicable Forward Seller during such Forward Hedge Selling Period in connection with establishing its commercially reasonable hedge position in a commercially reasonable manner; provided, however, that if
(x) such Forward Seller, in its commercially reasonable judgment, is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow and deliver for sale the full number of Forward Hedge Shares to be borrowed and sold pursuant to this Agreement
for a Forward Hedge Selling Period, or (y) in Forward Sellers commercially reasonable judgment, it would incur a stock loan cost of more than a rate equal to the Maximum Stock Loan Rate for such Transaction (as such terms are defined in
the related Master Forward Confirmation) with respect to all or any portion of such full number of Shares, the relevant Actual Sold Forward Amount shall be reduced to the number of Shares such Forward Seller is so able to borrow in connection with
establishing its commercially reasonable hedge position of such Transaction at a cost of not more than a rate equal to the Maximum Stock Loan Rate for such Transaction. 

Actual Sold Issuance Amount means, for any Issuance Selling Period for any Issuance, the number of Issuance Shares that a Sales Agent has
sold during such Issuance Selling Period. 

Affiliate of a person means another person that directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such first-mentioned person. The term control (including the terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with)
means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 

Basic Prospectus has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a). 

Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions, the NYSE or
trust companies are authorized or obligated by law to close in New York City. 

Capped Number with respect to any Forward Contract has
the meaning set forth in such Forward Contract. 

2 

Certificate Date has the meaning set forth in Section 6(e).

Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 18. 

Closing has the meaning set forth in Section 3(b). 

Closing Date means the date on which the Closing occurs. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Commitment Period means the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the earlier to occur of (x) the date on
which the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers in the aggregate shall have sold the Maximum Amount pursuant to this Agreement or (y) the date this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 9. 

Common Stock has the meaning set forth in Section 1(a). 

Company has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 

Company Counsel has the meaning set forth in set forth in Section 3(b)(iii). 

Confirmation Shares means any shares of Common Stock to be issued, sold and/or delivered by the Company to a Forward Purchaser in
settlement of all or any portion of the Companys obligations under any Forward Contract. 

DGCL means the Delaware General
Corporations Law. 

DLLCA means the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. 

DWAC has the meaning set forth in Section 3(d)(i). 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder collectively. 

FCPA has the meaning set forth in Section 2(jj). 

FINRA has the meaning set forth in Section 2(u). 

Floor Price means the minimum price per share set by the Company in the Transaction Notice below which a Sales Agent (in the case of an
Issuance) or a Forward Seller (in the case of a Forward) shall not sell Issuance Shares or Forward Hedge Shares, as the case may be, during the relevant Selling Period, which may be adjusted by the Company at any time during the Selling Period and
which in no event shall be less than $1.00. 

Forward means the transaction resulting from each occasion on which the Company elects to
exercise its right to deliver a Transaction Notice specifying that it relates to a Forward and requiring a Forward Seller to use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell the Forward
Hedge Shares as specified in such Transaction Notice, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

3 

Forward Contract means, for each Forward, the contract evidencing such Forward between
the Company and the relevant Forward Purchaser, which shall be comprised of the relevant Master Forward Confirmation and the related Supplemental Confirmation. 

Forward Date means any Trading Day during the Commitment Period that a Transaction Notice specifying that it relates to a
Forward is deemed delivered pursuant to Section 3(c)(2). 

Forward Hedge Amount means the
aggregate Sales Price of the Forward Hedge Shares to be sold by a Forward Seller with respect to any Forward as specified in the Transaction Notice for such Forward, which may not exceed $100,000,000 without the prior written consent of the relevant
Forward Seller, which consent may be withheld in the Forward Sellers sole discretion. 

Forward Hedge Price means, for any Forward
Contract, the product of (x) an amount equal to one minus the Forward Hedge Selling Commission Rate for such Forward Contract; and (y) the Volume-Weighted Hedge Price for such Forward Contract. 

Forward Hedge Selling Commission means, for any Forward Contract, the product of (x) the Forward Hedge Selling Commission Rate for
such Forward Contract and (y) the Volume-Weighted Hedge Price for such Forward Contract. 

Forward Hedge Selling Commission Rate
means, for any Forward Contract, a rate mutually agreed to between the Company and a Forward Seller, as provided for in Schedule D. 

Forward Hedge Selling Period means the period of consecutive Trading Days (as determined by the Company in the Companys sole
discretion and specified in the applicable Transaction Notice specifying that it relates to a Forward) following the Trading Day on which such Transaction Notice is delivered or deemed to be delivered pursuant to
Section 3(c)(2); provided that if, prior to the scheduled end of any Forward Hedge Selling Period, (a) any event occurs that would permit the applicable Forward Purchaser to designate a Scheduled
Trading Day as an Early Valuation Date (as each such term is defined in the related Master Forward Confirmation) under the applicable Master Forward Confirmation or (b) a Bankruptcy Termination Event (as such term
is defined in the related Master Forward Confirmation) occurs, then the Forward Hedge Selling Period shall immediately terminate as of the first such occurrence. 

Forward Hedge Settlement Date means the first Trading Day (or any such earlier day as is industry practice) immediately following the sale
of any Forward Hedge Shares pursuant to this Agreement. 

Forward Hedge Shares means all Common Stock borrowed by a Forward Purchaser
(or its affiliate) and offered and sold by a Forward Seller in connection with any Forward that has occurred or may occur in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the relevant Master Forward Confirmation. 

Forward Purchaser has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 

Forward Seller has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 

Incorporated Documents has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a). 

Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

4 

Issuance means each occasion the Company elects to exercise its right to deliver a
Transaction Notice that does not involve a Forward and that specifies that it relates to an Issuance and requires a Sales Agent to use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell the
Issuance Shares as specified in such Transaction Notice, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

Issuance Amount means
the aggregate Sales Price of the Issuance Shares to be sold by a Sales Agent with respect to any Issuance as specified in the Transaction Notice for such Issuance, which may not exceed in the aggregate the lesser of the Maximum Amount and the
aggregate dollar value of shares of Common Stock that may be offered and sold under the currently effective Registration Statement. 

Issuance
Date means any Trading Day during the Commitment Period that a Transaction Notice specifying that it relates to an Issuance is delivered or deemed delivered pursuant to Section 3(c)(2). 

Issuance Price means the Sales Price less the Issuance Selling Commission. 

Issuance Selling Commission means a mutually agreed rate, as provided for in Schedule B. 

Issuance Selling Period means the period of one to 20 consecutive Trading Days (as determined by the Company in the Companys sole
discretion and specified in the applicable Transaction Notice specifying that it relates to an Issuance) following the Trading Day on which a Transaction Notice specifying that it relates to an Issuance is delivered or deemed
to be delivered pursuant to Section 3(c)(2). 

Issuance Settlement Date means, unless the Company and a Sales
Agent shall otherwise agree, the first Business Day (or any such earlier day as is industry practice for regular-way trading) following each Trading Day during the applicable Issuance Selling Period, when the
Company shall deliver to such Sales Agent the amount of Issuance Shares sold on such Trading Day and such Sales Agent shall deliver to the Company the Issuance Price received on such sales. 

Issuance Shares means all shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to an Issuance that has occurred or may occur in accordance
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

LLC Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 2(j).

LLC Interest has the meaning set forth in Section 2(j). 

Master Forward Confirmation means each master forward confirmation for issuer share forward sale transactions by and between the Company
and a Forward Purchaser, substantially in the form attached hereto as Schedule C. 

Material Adverse Effect has the meaning set
forth in Section 2(e). 

Maximum Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 1(a).

Money Laundering Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 2(kk). 

New Forward Purchaser has the meaning set forth in Section 21(b). 

NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange. 

OFAC has the meaning set forth in Section 2(ll). 

Operating Company has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 

5 

PCAOB has the meaning set forth in Section 2(x). 

Permitted Free Writing Prospectus has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a). 

Previous Forward Purchaser has the meaning set forth in Section 21(b). 

Proceeding has the meaning set forth in Section 7(a). 

Prospectus has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a). 

Prospectus Supplement has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a). 

Registration Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a). 

Remaining Number of Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 6(e). 

Renewal Deadline has the meaning set forth in Section 4(h). 

Representation Date has the meaning set forth in Section 4(r). 

Rules and Regulations has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a). 

Sales Agent has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 

Sales Price means the actual sale execution price of each Forward Hedge Share or Issuance Share, as the case may be, sold by a Forward
Seller or a Sales Agent on the NYSE hereunder in the case of ordinary brokers transactions at the market prices, in block transactions, or as otherwise agreed to among the relevant parties, or by means of any other existing trading market for
the Common Stock or to or through a market marker other than on an exchange. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder collectively. 

Selling Period means any Forward Hedge Selling Period or any Issuance
Selling Period. 

Settlement Date means, unless the Company, a Sales Agent, a Forward Purchaser and/or a Forward Seller, as applicable,
shall otherwise agree, any Forward Hedge Settlement Date or any Issuance Settlement Date, as applicable. 

Shares means Issuance Shares
and Forward Hedge Shares, as applicable. 

Significant Subsidiary has the meaning set forth in Section 2(f).

Supplemental Confirmation means the Supplemental Confirmation (as defined in the related Master Forward Confirmation), which together
with the related Master Forward Confirmation constitute a Forward Contract. 

Suspension Period has the meaning set forth in
Section 4(r). 

Time of Sale has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b). 

6 

Trading Day means any day which is a trading day on the NYSE, other than a day on which
trading is scheduled to close prior to its regular weekday closing time. 

Transaction means any Issuance or any Forward. 

Transaction Date means any Issuance Date or any Forward Date. 

Transaction Notice means a written notice to a Sales Agent or a Forward Seller delivered in accordance with this Agreement in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

SECTION 2. Representations and Warranties of the Company and the
Operating Company. Each of the Company and the Operating Company, jointly and severally, represents and warrants to and agrees with each Sales Agent, each Forward Seller and each Forward Purchaser that: 

(a) An automatic shelf registration statement (the registration statement) as defined in Rule 405
under the Securities Act on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286204) in respect of the Shares, including a form of prospectus, has been prepared and filed by the Company
not earlier than three years prior to the date hereof, in conformity with the requirements under the Securities Act. The registration statement contains certain information concerning the offer and sale of the Common Stock, including the Shares, and
contains additional information concerning the Company and its business; the Commission has not issued an order preventing or suspending the use of any Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing
Prospectus, or the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and no proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act has been instituted or, to the Companys and the Operating Companys knowledge,
threatened by the Commission. Except where the context otherwise requires, Registration Statement, as used herein, means the registration statement, as amended at the time of such registration statements effectiveness for
purposes of Section 11 of the Securities Act, as such section applies to the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers, as well as any new registration statement, post-effective amendment or new automatic shelf registration statement as may have
been filed pursuant to Sections 4(g) and (h), including (1) all documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein, (2) any information contained or
incorporated by reference in a prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, to the extent such information is deemed, pursuant to Rule 430B or Rule 430C under the Securities Act, to be part of
the registration statement at the time of such registration statements effectiveness for purposes of Section 11 of the Securities Act, as such section applies to the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers and (3) any registration
statement filed to register the offer and sale of Shares pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act. Except where the context otherwise requires, Basic Prospectus, as used herein, means the prospectus filed as part of each
Registration Statement, together with any amendments or supplements thereto as of the date of this Agreement, as well as any new prospectus as may be filed by the Company as part of a new registration statement filed pursuant to
Section 4(g) or (h). Except where the context otherwise requires, Prospectus Supplement, as used herein, means the final prospectus supplement, relating to the Shares, filed by the Company with the
Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act on or before the second Business Day after the date of this Agreement (or such earlier time as may be required under the Securities Act), in the form furnished by the Company to the
Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers in connection with the offering of the Shares, as well as any new prospectus supplement or amendment thereto as may have been filed by the Company to supplement a new registration statement filed pursuant to
Sections 4(g) or (h), in the form furnished by the Company to the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers in connection with the offering of the Shares (as provided in Section 4(d)), and such
other prospectus supplements or amendments thereto relating to the Shares as may have been filed with the Commission by the 

7 

Company with the consent of such Sales Agents and such Forward Sellers. Except where the context otherwise requires, Prospectus, as used herein, means the Prospectus Supplement
together with the Basic Prospectus attached to or used with the Prospectus Supplement. Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, as used herein, means the documents listed on Schedule A attached hereto. Any
reference herein to the registration statement, the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents, if any,
incorporated by reference, or deemed to be incorporated by reference, therein (the Incorporated Documents), including, unless the context otherwise requires, the documents, if any, filed as exhibits to such Incorporated Documents.
Any reference herein to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus
shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act on or after the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, or the date of such Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus or such
Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, as the case may be, and deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. 

(b) The
Registration Statement complied when it became effective, complies as of the date hereof and, as amended or supplemented, at each deemed effective date with respect to the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers pursuant to Rule 430(B)(f)(2) under
the Securities Act, at each Settlement Date, and at all times during which a prospectus is required by the Securities Act to be delivered (whether physically, deemed to be delivered pursuant to Rule 153 or through compliance with Rule 172
under the Securities Act or any similar rule) in connection with any sale of Shares, will comply, in all material respects, with the requirements under the Securities Act, and the Registration Statement did not and will not, at or during such
periods, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The conditions to the use of
Form S-3 in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares as contemplated hereby have been satisfied. The Registration Statement meets, and the offer and sale of the Shares as contemplated hereby
complies with, the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act (including, without limitation, Rule 415(a)(5)). The Basic Prospectus complied or will comply, at the time it was or will be filed with the Commission, complies as of the
date hereof (if filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof) and, as of the time of each sale of Shares pursuant to this Agreement (each, a Time of Sale), at each Settlement Date and at all times during which a
prospectus is required by the Securities Act to be delivered (whether physically, deemed to be delivered pursuant to Rule 153 or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) in connection with any sale of
Shares, will comply, in all material respects, with the requirements under the Securities Act. At no time during the period that begins on the earlier of the date of the Basic Prospectus and the date the Basic Prospectus was filed with the
Commission and ends on each Settlement Date did or will the Basic Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and at no time during such period did or will the Basic Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, together with any combination of one or more of the then issued Permitted
Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each
of the Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus will comply, as of the date that it is filed with the Commission, the date of the Prospectus Supplement, each Time of Sale, each Settlement Date, and at all times during which a prospectus is required
by the Securities Act to be delivered (whether physically, deemed to be delivered pursuant to Rule 153 or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) in connection with any sale of Shares, in all

8 

material respects, with the requirements under the Securities Act (in the case of the Prospectus, including, without limitation, Section 10(a) of the Securities Act). At no time during the
period that begins on the earlier of the date of the Prospectus Supplement and the date the Prospectus Supplement is filed with the Commission and ends at the later of each Settlement Date and the end of the period during which a prospectus is
required by the Securities Act to be delivered (whether physically, deemed to be delivered pursuant to Rule 153 or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) in connection with any sale of Shares did or
will the Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. At no time during the period that begins on the date of such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus and ends at each Settlement Date did or will any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Company nor the Operating
Company makes any representation or warranty with respect to any statement contained in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with information
concerning the Sales Agents or the Forward Sellers and furnished in writing by or on behalf of such Sales Agents or such Forward Sellers expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus or such Permitted Free
Writing Prospectus. Each Incorporated Document, at the time such document was filed with the Commission or at the time such document became effective, as applicable, complied, in all material respects, with the requirements of the Exchange Act and
did not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(c) (i) At the time of filing of the Registration Statement, (ii) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto
for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus),
(iii) at the time the Company or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this clause only, of Rule 163(c) under the Securities Act) made any offer relating to the Shares in reliance on the exemption of Rule 163 under
the Securities Act and (iv) at the date hereof, the Company is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. The Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to
Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act objecting to the use of the automatic shelf registration form. 

(d) Prior to
the execution of this Agreement, the Company has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold any Shares by means of any prospectus (within the meaning under the Securities Act) or used any prospectus (within the meaning
under the Securities Act) in connection with the offer or sale of the Shares, in each case other than the Basic Prospectus, and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, prepared, used or referred
to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus except in compliance with Rule 163 or with Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act; assuming that such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus is so sent or given after the Registration Statement was filed
with the Commission (and after such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus was, if required pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act, filed with the Commission), the sending or giving, by the Sales Agents or Forward Sellers, of any Permitted
Free Writing Prospectus will satisfy the provisions of Rule 164 or Rule 433 (without reliance on subsections (b), (c) and (d) of Rule 164). The conditions set forth in one or more of subclauses (i) through (iv),
inclusive, of Rule 433(b)(1) 

9 

under the Securities Act are satisfied, and the registration statement relating to the offering of the Shares contemplated hereby, as initially filed with the Commission, includes a prospectus
that, other than by reason of Rule 433 or Rule 431 under the Securities Act, satisfies the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act. None of the Company, the Sales Agents or the Forward Sellers are disqualified, by reason of
subsection (f) or (g) of Rule 164 under the Securities Act, from using, in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares, free writing prospectuses (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) pursuant to
Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act; the Company is not an ineligible issuer (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) as of the eligibility determination date for purposes of Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities
Act with respect to the offering of the Shares contemplated by the Registration Statement. The parties hereto agree and understand that the content of any and all road shows (as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act) related
to the offering of the Shares contemplated hereby is solely the property of the Company. 

(e) The Company has been duly
organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with corporate power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the Basic
Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any. The Operating Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a limited liability company in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with
limited liability company power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus, and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any. Each of the Company
and the Operating Company is duly qualified to transact business in all jurisdictions in which the conduct of its business requires such qualification, and in which the failure to qualify would (a) have a materially adverse effect upon the
business of the Company, the Operating Company and their subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, (b) result in the delisting of shares of Common Stock from the NYSE or (c) prevent or materially interfere with the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (each of (a), (b) and (c) above, a Material Adverse Effect). 

(f) Each subsidiary of the Company, other than the Operating Company, that is a significant subsidiary meeting the requirement
of Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X (each, a Significant Subsidiary) has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation, limited liability
company or limited partnership, as the case may be, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, with corporate, company or partnership power and authority, as applicable, to own its properties and conduct its business as
described in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any. Each Significant Subsidiary of the Company is duly qualified to transact business in all jurisdictions in which the
conduct of its business requires such qualification, and in which the failure to qualify would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) The information contained in the line item Common Stock set forth in the consolidated balance sheet as of the
Companys then most recently completed quarter or fiscal year that is contained in the Companys quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or the Companys annual report on Form 10-K, as applicable, sets forth the authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company at the indicated date, and there has been no material change in such information since the Companys
then most recently completed quarter or fiscal year. All of the issued shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. The shares
of Common Stock of the Company are duly listed on the NYSE. The Shares and the Confirmation Shares have been duly authorized and when issued and paid for as contemplated herein will be validly issued, fully-paid and
non-assessable. No preemptive or similar rights of stockholders exist with respect to any of the Shares or the Confirmation Shares or the issue and sale thereof. 

10 

(h) The shares of authorized capital stock of the Company, including the
Shares and the Confirmation Shares, conform in all material respects with the statements concerning them in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any. 

(i) The Company has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and each Forward Contract. The Operating
Company has full limited liability company power and authority to enter into this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Operating Company. Each Master Forward Confirmation and each
Supplemental Confirmation, at the time of execution and delivery thereof, will have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Operating Company and is
enforceable against the same in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability hereof and thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and moratorium
laws in effect from time to time and by equitable principles restricting the availability of equitable remedies. Each Master Forward Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation, at the time of execution and delivery thereof, will constitute a
valid and binding agreement of the Company and will be enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and similar
laws affecting creditors rights generally and moratorium laws in effect from time to time and by equitable principles restricting the availability of equitable remedies. Neither the Company nor the Operating Company has entered into any other
sales agency or distribution agreements or similar arrangements with any agent or other representative in respect of the Shares and the equity shelf program established by this Agreement. 

(j) The limited liability company agreement of the Operating Company, as amended (the LLC Agreement), is in
full force and effect, and all of the outstanding limited liability company interests (LLC Interests) in the Operating Company are duly and validly authorized and issued in accordance with the LLC Agreement. Except as set forth in
the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, all outstanding shares of capital stock or LLC Interests, as the case may be, of or in the Operating Company are and will be owned by the Company directly or indirectly, free and clear of any security
interests, claims, mortgages, pledges, liens, encumbrances or other restrictions of any kind. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there are no outstanding options, warrants, or other rights to purchase, agreements
or other obligations to issue, or rights to convert any obligations into or exchange for, any shares of capital stock or LLC Interests or other securities of or in the Operating Company. The shares of capital stock or LLC Interests, as the case may
be, of or in the Operating Company to be issued to the Company in connection with the Companys issuance of any Issuance Shares and any Confirmation Shares, upon the contribution by the Company to the Operating Company of the proceeds from any
such sale, will be duly authorized for issuance by the Operating Company to the Company, and at the time of their issuance will be validly issued. None of the shares of capital stock or LLC Interests, as the case may be, of or in the Operating
Company have been or will be issued in violation of the preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Operating Company. 

11 

(k) Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
all outstanding shares of capital stock of or partnership interests in, as applicable, the Significant Subsidiaries have been duly and validly authorized and issued and, in the case of corporate subsidiaries, fully paid and non-assessable, directly or indirectly, free and clear of any security interests, claims, mortgages, pledges, liens, incumbrances or other restrictions of any kind. 

(l) Immediately prior to any sale of Forward Hedge Shares, the Capped Number of shares of Common Stock deliverable to a Forward
Purchaser pursuant to the related Forward Contract shall have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, when any such shares of Common Stock are issued and delivered by the Company to such Forward Purchaser against payment of any
consideration required to be paid pursuant to the terms of the related Forward Contract, such shares of Common Stock will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and the issuance thereof is not
subject to any preemptive or similar rights. 

(m) The consolidated financial statements of the Company, together with
related notes and schedules, as set forth or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated
financial position, cash flows and the results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries at the indicated dates and for the indicated periods. Such financial statements and the related notes and schedules have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied throughout the periods involved, and all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of results for such periods have been made. To the Companys and the Operating
Companys knowledge, such financial statements and the related notes and schedules have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied throughout the periods involved, and all adjustments
necessary for a fair presentation of results for such periods have been made. The summary financial and statistical data included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free
Writing Prospectuses, if any, present fairly in all material respects the information shown therein and, to the extent based upon or derived from the financial statements, have been compiled on a basis consistent with the financial statements
presented therein. The pro forma financial statements, including the notes thereto, included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any,
include assumptions that provide a reasonable basis for presenting the significant effects directly attributable to the transactions and events described therein, the related pro forma adjustments give appropriate effect to those assumptions, and
the pro forma adjustments reflect the proper application of those adjustments to the historical financial statement amounts in the pro forma financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Basic
Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any. The pro forma financial statements, including the notes thereto, included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the
Prospectus, and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and the pro
forma adjustments have been properly applied to the historical amounts in the compilation of those statements. All disclosures contained in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses,
if any, including the documents incorporated by reference therein, regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the Securities Act) comply in all material respects with
Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. Other than the financial statements, together with related notes and schedules, included
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, no other historical or pro forma financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be
included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

12 

(n) There is no action or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company or the Operating Company, threatened (a) against the Company, the Operating Company or their subsidiaries or (b) involving any property of the Company, the Operating Company or their subsidiaries before any court or administrative
agency which, if determined adversely to the Company, the Operating Company or their subsidiaries, might reasonably be expected to result in any Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the
Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any. 

(o) The Company, the Operating Company and their
subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses, and neither the Company or the Operating Company nor any
of their subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permit which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding,
would have a Material Adverse Effect, except as described in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses. 

(p) The Company, the Operating Company, and their subsidiaries, have good and marketable title to all of the properties and
assets reflected in the financial statements hereinabove described (or as described in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, as owned by it), subject to no lien,
mortgage, pledge, charge or encumbrance of any kind except those reflected in such financial statements (or as described in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any) or
which are not material in amount or which do not materially interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of the property. The leases, agreements to purchase and mortgages to which the Company, the Operating Company or any of their subsidiaries
is a party, and the guaranties of third parties (a) are the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, the Operating Company or such subsidiaries, as the case may be, and, to the knowledge of the Company and the Operating Company, of
all other parties thereto, and neither the Company nor the Operating Company knows of any default or defenses currently existing with respect thereto which might reasonably be expected to result in any Material Adverse Effect, and (b) conform
to any descriptions thereof set forth in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any. To the knowledge of the Company and the Operating Company, each mortgage which the
Company, the Operating Company or any of their subsidiaries holds on the properties described in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, constitutes a valid mortgage lien
for the benefit of the Company, the Operating Company or such subsidiary, as the case may be, on such property. 

(q) Each
of the Company and the Operating Company has filed all federal, state and foreign tax returns which have been required to be filed or has requested extensions thereof, except in any case in which the failure to timely file would not reasonably be
expected to have (individually or in the aggregate) a Material Adverse Effect, and has paid all taxes indicated by said returns to the extent that such taxes have become due and are not being contested in good faith (and for which reserves required
by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles have been created in the consolidated financial statements of the Company), except in any case in which the failure to pay would not have a Material Adverse Effect. All tax liabilities have been
adequately provided for in the consolidated financial statements of the Company in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and each of the Company and the Operating Company do not have any notice or knowledge of any tax
liability which could reasonably be expected to be determined adversely to the Company or the Operating Company and which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

13 

(r) Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the
Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, there has not been any material adverse change or any development involving a prospective material adverse change in or affecting the
condition, financial or otherwise, or the earnings, capital stock (except to the extent of any increase in the number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock due to option exercises, issuances under the Companys Sixth Amended and
Restated Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan and conversions of preferred stock), business affairs, management, or business prospects of the Company and the Operating Company, whether or not occurring in the ordinary course of business,
and neither the Company nor the Operating Company has incurred any material liabilities or obligations and there has not been any material transaction entered into by the Company or the Operating Company, other than transactions in the ordinary
course of business and transactions described in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any. Neither the Company nor the Operating Company has any material contingent
obligations which are not disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any. 

(s) Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (i) the Company is not currently prohibited,
directly or indirectly, from making any distributions to its stockholders to the extent permitted by applicable law and (ii) the Operating Company is not currently prohibited, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends or making any
distributions to the Company or other equity holders to the extent permitted by applicable law, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to the Operating Company from the Company or from transferring any of the Operating Companys
property or assets to the Company. 

(t) The Company is not in violation of its charter or
by-laws, and the Operating Company is not in violation of the LLC Agreement. No subsidiary of the Company or the Operating Company is in violation of its charter or
by-laws or other organizational document, which violation will have, or after any required notice and passage of any applicable grace period would have, a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor the
Operating Company nor any of their subsidiaries is (a) in default under any agreement, lease, contract, indenture or other instrument or obligation to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound, (b) in violation
of any statute, or (c) in violation of any order, rule or regulation applicable to the Company, the Operating Company, their subsidiaries or their properties, of any court or of any regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental
body, any of which defaults or violations described in clauses (a) through (c) will have, or after any required notice and passage of any applicable grace period would have, a Material Adverse Effect. The issue and sale of the Shares and
the Confirmation Shares and the performance by the Company and the Operating Company of all of their respective obligations under this Agreement and each Forward Contract, as the case may be, and the consummation of the transactions herein and
therein contemplated and the fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof will not after any required notice and passage of any applicable grace period conflict with or constitute a violation of any statute or conflict with or result in a breach of
any of the terms or provisions of, constitute a default under or result in the imposition of any lien pursuant to, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which the Company, the Operating Company or any of their
subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its properties may be bound, or a violation of its charter, by-laws, the LLC Agreement or other organizational document or any order, rule or regulation
applicable to the Company, the Operating Company, their subsidiaries or their properties of any court or of any regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental body. 

14 

(u) Each approval, consent, order, authorization, designation, declaration
or filing by or with any regulatory, administrative or other governmental body necessary in connection with the execution and delivery by the Company and the Operating Company of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions herein
contemplated (except such additional steps as may be required by the Commission or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) or may be necessary to qualify the Shares for public offering by the Sales Agents and the
Forward Sellers under state securities or Blue Sky laws) has been obtained or made by the Company or the Operating Company, and is in full force and effect. 

(v) The Company, the Operating Company and their subsidiaries hold all material licenses, certificates and permits from
governmental authorities which are necessary to the conduct of their businesses and none of them have received any notice of infringement or of conflict with asserted rights of others with respect to any patents, patent rights, trade names,
trademarks or copyrights, which infringement is material to the business of the Company, the Operating Company and their subsidiaries considered as one enterprise. 

(w) The Company qualifies as a real estate investment trust pursuant to Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, has so
qualified for the taxable years ended December 31, 1984 through December 31, 2024, and no transaction or other event has occurred or is contemplated which would prevent the Company from so qualifying for its current taxable year. The
Operating Company was classified as a qualified REIT subsidiary of the Company under the Code from the time it became a subsidiary of the Company until May 24, 2022. Since May 24, 2022, the Operating Company has been and will
continue to be classified as a disregarded entity or a partnership, which is not a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation, for U.S. federal tax purposes. 

(x) To the best of the Companys and the Operating Companys knowledge, Ernst & Young LLP
(Ernst & Young), who has certified certain of the financial statements and related schedules of the Company filed with the Commission as part of, or incorporated by reference in, the Registration Statement,
the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company, the Operating Company and their subsidiaries as required by the Securities Act
and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB). Each other independent registered public accounting firm, if any, that has certified or reported on any other financial statements included or incorporated by
reference in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, if any, is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company, the Operating Company and their
subsidiaries or other appropriate entity, as applicable, within the applicable rules and regulations adopted by the Commission and the PCAOB and as required by the Securities Act. 

(y) The Company, the Operating Company and their subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to
provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. 

15 

(z) The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and
procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act). Such disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that material
information relating to the Company, including the Operating Company and subsidiaries, is made known to the Companys Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer by others within those entities, and such disclosure controls and
procedures are effective to perform the functions for which they were established. The Companys auditors and the Audit Committee of the board of directors of the Company have been advised of: (a) any significant deficiencies or material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial data; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a role in the Companys internal controls. Any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in internal controls have been identified for the Companys auditors. Since the date of the most recent evaluation of
such disclosure controls and procedures, there have been no significant changes in internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses. 

(aa) Neither the Company nor the Operating Company has, directly or indirectly, including through any
subsidiary: (a) extended credit, arranged to extend credit, or renewed any extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan, to or for any director or executive officer of the Company or the Operating Company, or to or for any family member
or affiliate of any director or executive officer of the Company or the Operating Company; or (b) made any material modification, including any renewal thereof, to any term of any personal loan to any director or executive officer of the
Company or the Operating Company, or any family member or affiliate of any director or executive officer. 

(bb) To the
knowledge of the Company and the Operating Company, after due inquiry of their respective officers and directors, there are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm among the Companys officers, directors, or principal stockholders, except as
set forth in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, or as otherwise disclosed in writing to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers. 

(cc) Neither the Company nor the Operating Company nor any of their respective officers, directors, members or partners has
taken nor will any of them take, directly or indirectly, any action resulting in a violation of Regulation M promulgated under the Exchange Act, or designed to cause or result in, or which has constituted or which reasonably might be expected to
constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Companys Common Stock. 

(dd) The Shares and a
number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Capped Number with respect to any Forward have been, or immediately prior to any sale of Forward Hedge Shares, will be, approved for listing subject to official notice of issuance on the NYSE.

(ee) In connection with entering into any Forward Contract, the Company will not acquire any long position (either
directly or indirectly, including through an Affiliate or through a derivative transaction) with respect to shares of Common Stock. 

(ff) Neither the Company nor the Operating Company is or, after giving immediate effect to the offer and sale of the Shares and
the application of the proceeds therefrom as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by any Forward Contract, will be required to register as an investment company
or an entity controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. 

16 

(gg) (A) There has been no material security breach or incident,
unauthorized access or disclosure, or other compromise of or relating to the Companys, the Operating Companys or their subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data and databases
(including the data and information of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained, processed or stored by the Company, the Operating Company or their subsidiaries, and any such data processed or
stored by third parties on behalf of the Company, the Operating Company or their subsidiaries), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) within the five year period prior to the date of this Agreement,
(B) neither the Company nor the Operating Company nor any of their subsidiaries have been notified within the five year period prior to the date of this Agreement of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would result in, any
material security breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data and (C) the Company, the Operating Company and their subsidiaries have implemented appropriate controls, policies,
procedures, and technological safeguards to maintain and protect the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of their IT Systems and Data reasonably consistent in all material respects with industry standards and practices, or as
required by applicable regulatory standards. The Company, the Operating Company and their subsidiaries are presently in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any
court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access,
misappropriation or modification. 

(hh) The Common Stock is an actively-traded security excepted from the
requirements of Rule 101 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act by subsection (c)(1) of such rule. 

(ii) All
existing minute books (or comparable documents) of the Company and the Operating Company, including all existing minutes of all meetings and actions of the board of directors (including Audit, Compensation, Executive, Nominating/Corporate Governance
and other board committees) and stockholders of the Company through the date of the latest meeting and action (collectively, the Records), have been made available to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward
Purchasers and counsel to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers. All such Records are complete and accurate and accurately reflect, in all material respects, all transactions referred to in such Records. There are no
material transactions, agreements or other actions of the Company, the Operating Company or their subsidiaries that are not properly approved or recorded in the Records. 

(jj) Neither the Company nor the Operating Company nor any of their subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company and the
Operating Company, any director, officer, member, partner, agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company, the Operating Company or their subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that has
resulted or would result in (a) a violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA), including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or
instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any
foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any 

17 

candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA, or (b) an offense under the Bribery Act of 2010 of the United Kingdom, or any other applicable anti-bribery or
anticorruption laws. The Company, the Operating Company and their subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company and the Operating Company, the Companys and the Operating Companys affiliates have conducted their respective businesses
in compliance with the FCPA, the Bribery Act of 2010 of the United Kingdom and any other applicable anti-bribery or anticorruption laws and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to
continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith. 

(kk) The operations of the Company, the Operating Company and their
subsidiaries are, and have been conducted at all times, in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all
applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar applicable rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering
Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company, the Operating Company or any of their subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws
is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company and the Operating Company, threatened. 

(ll) Neither the Company nor the
Operating Company nor any of their subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company and the Operating Company, any director, officer, member, partner, agent, employee, affiliate or person acting on behalf of the Company, the Operating Company or any
of their subsidiaries is currently (i) subject to any sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department, (OFAC) the United Nations Security Council (UNSC),
the European Union (the EU), His Majestys Treasury (HMT), or other relevant sanctions authority, or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of sanctions
(including, without limitation, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Syria, the Crimea Region of Ukraine and the non-government controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, and the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic). Neither the Company nor the Operating Company will directly or indirectly use the
proceeds from the sale of the Shares or the proceeds, if any, due upon settlement of any Forward Contract, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the
purpose of financing the activities of any person or entity currently subject to any sanctions administered by OFAC, UNSC, the EU, HMT or any other relevant sanctions authority. 

(mm) The interactive data in eXtensibile Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

In addition, any certificate signed by any officer or other representative of the Company, the Operating Company or any of their subsidiaries and delivered to
any Sales Agent(s), Forward Seller(s) and/or Forward Purchaser(s) or counsel for any such persons in connection with the offering of the Shares shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company and the Operating Company, jointly and
severally, as to matters covered thereby, to the applicable Sales Agent(s), Forward Seller(s) and/or Forward Purchaser(s). 

18 

SECTION 3. Issuances and Forwards. 

(a) (i) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Company may issue Issuance Shares through a
Sales Agent, and such Sales Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell Issuance Shares, with an aggregate Sales Price of up to the Maximum Amount, less the aggregate Sales Price for
any Forward Hedge Shares previously sold under this Agreement, based on and in accordance with such number of Transaction Notices, each specifying that it relates to an Issuance, as the Company in its sole discretion shall choose to
deliver during the Commitment Period until the aggregate Sales Price of the Issuance Shares sold under this Agreement, plus the aggregate Sales Prices for any Forward Hedge Shares previously sold under this Agreement, equals the Maximum
Amount, or this Agreement is otherwise terminated. Subject to the foregoing and the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, upon (1) the delivery of a Transaction Notice specifying that it relates to an Issuance, and
(2) such Sales Agents acceptance of the terms of such Transaction Notice, and unless the sale of the Issuance Shares described therein has been suspended, cancelled or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
such Sales Agent will use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell such Issuance Shares up to the amount specified on the NYSE, and otherwise in accordance with the terms of such Transaction
Notice. Such Sales Agent will use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to provide written confirmation to the Company not later than 6:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the Issuance Date, and will in no
event provide such confirmation later than the opening of the Trading Day next following the Trading Day on which it has made sales of Issuance Shares hereunder. Such written confirmation will set forth under the Actual Sold Issuance Amount for such
Trading Day, the corresponding Sales Price and the Issuance Price payable to the Company in respect thereof. Each of the Company and the Operating Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) there can be no assurance that the such Sales Agent will
be successful in selling Issuance Shares, and (ii) such Sales Agent will incur no liability or obligation to the Company, the Operating Company or any other person if it does not sell Issuance Shares for any reason other than a failure by such
Sales Agent to use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell such Issuance Shares as required under this Section 3. 

(ii) In addition, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and the related Master Forward Confirmation, a
Forward Purchaser (or its affiliate) may borrow, offer and sell Forward Hedge Shares through a Forward Seller to hedge each Forward, and such Forward Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales
practices to sell Forward Hedge Shares with an aggregate Sales Price of up to the Maximum Amount, less the aggregate Sales Price for any Issuance Shares previously sold under this Agreement, based on and in accordance with such number of Transaction
Notices, each specifying that it relates to a Forward, as the Company in its sole discretion shall choose to deliver during the Commitment Period and to which such Forward Purchaser and such Forward Seller have agreed, until the
aggregate Sales Price of the Forward Hedge Shares sold under this Agreement, plus the aggregate Sales Prices for any Issuance Shares previously sold under this Agreement, equals the Maximum Amount or this Agreement is otherwise terminated.
Subject to the foregoing and the other terms and conditions of this Agreement and the related Master Forward Confirmation, upon (1) the delivery of a Transaction Notice specifying that it relates to a Forward, and (2) such
Forward Purchasers and such Forward Sellers acceptance of the terms of such Transaction Notice, and unless the sale of the Forward Hedge Shares described therein has been suspended or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement or the related Master Forward Confirmation, such Forward Seller will use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell the Forward Hedge Shares on the NYSE, and otherwise in accordance
with the terms of such Transaction Notice. 

19 

(iii) The applicable Forward Seller will provide written confirmation to the
Company and the related Forward Purchaser no later than the opening of the Trading Day next following each Trading Day on which it has made sales of Forward Hedge Shares hereunder setting forth the number of Forward Hedge Shares sold on such Trading
Day, the corresponding Sales Price and the Forward Hedge Price payable to the related Forward Purchaser in respect thereof. Each of the Company and the Operating Company acknowledges and agrees that: (A) there can be no assurance that such
Forward Purchaser (or its affiliate) will be successful in borrowing or that such Forward Seller will be successful in selling Forward Hedge Shares; (B) such Forward Seller will incur no liability or obligation to the Company, the Operating
Company, the Forward Purchaser, or any other person if it does not sell Forward Hedge Shares borrowed by such Forward Purchaser (or its affiliate) for any reason other than a failure by such Forward Seller to use commercially reasonable efforts
consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell such Forward Hedge Shares as required under this Section 3 and (C) such Forward Purchaser is not incurring any liability or obligation to the Company, the
Operating Company or any other person under this Agreement. In acting hereunder, such Forward Seller will be acting as agent for such Forward Purchaser and not as principal. 

(iv) No later than the opening of the Trading Day next following the last Trading Day of each Forward Hedge Selling Period (or,
if earlier, the date on which any Forward Hedge Selling Period is suspended or terminated pursuant to Section 3(h)), the applicable Forward Purchaser shall deliver to the Company a Supplemental Confirmation in respect of
the Forward for such Forward Hedge Selling Period, which shall set forth the Trade Date for such Forward (which shall, subject to the terms of the related Master Forward Confirmation, be the last Trading Day of such Forward Hedge Selling
Period), the Effective Date for such Forward (which shall, subject to the terms of the related Master Forward Confirmation, be the date one Settlement Cycle (as such term is defined in the related Master Forward Confirmation)
immediately following the last Trading Day of such Forward Hedge Selling Period), the initial Number of Shares for such Forward (which shall be the Actual Sold Forward Amount for such Forward Hedge Selling Period), the
Maturity Date for such Forward (which shall, subject to the terms of the related Master Forward Confirmation, be the date that follows the last Trading Day of such Forward Hedge Selling Period by the number of days or months set
forth opposite the caption Term in the Transaction Notice for such Forward), the Initial Forward Price for such Forward, the Spread for such Forward, the Volume-Weighted Hedge Price for such Forward,
the Threshold Price for such Forward, the Initial Stock Loan Rate for such Forward, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate for such Forward, the Forward Price Reduction Dates for such Forward (which shall be each of the
dates set forth below the caption Forward Price Reduction Dates in the Transaction Notice for such Forward) and the Forward Price Reduction Amounts corresponding to such Forward Price Reduction Dates (which shall be each
amount set forth opposite each Forward Price Reduction Date and below the caption Forward Price Reduction Amounts in the Transaction Notice for such Forward) and the Regular Dividend Amounts for such Forward
(which shall be each of the amount(s) set forth below the caption Regular Dividend Amounts in the Transaction Notice for such Forward). 

20 

(v) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the applicable Forward
Sellers obligation to use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell such portion of the Forward Hedge Shares for any Forward hereunder shall be subject in all respects to the related Master
Forward Confirmation. 

(vi) The Shares may be offered and sold by any method permitted by law, including by means of
ordinary brokers transactions on the NYSE at the market prices, in block transactions, or as otherwise agreed to among the relevant parties, or by means of any other existing trading market for the Common Stock or to or through a market marker
other than on an exchange. 

(vii) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, on any Trading Day as
provided in Section 3(c)(ii) during the Commitment Period on which (A) the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 6 have been satisfied and (B) no event
described in clause (a) or clause (b) of the proviso contained in the definition of Forward Hedge Selling Period shall have occurred, the Company may exercise an Issuance by the delivery of a Transaction Notice specifying that it relates
to an Issuance, executed by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, the President, the Corporate Secretary or any Vice President (or such other authorized officers) of the Company or the Operating Company
as may be acceptable to the applicable Sales Agent), to such Sales Agent. The number of Issuance Shares that a Sales Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell pursuant to such
Issuance shall have an aggregate Sales Price equal to the Issuance Amount. Each Issuance will be settled on the applicable Settlement Date following the Issuance Date. 

(viii) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, on any Trading Day as provided in
Section 3(c)(ii) during the Commitment Period on which the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 6 have been satisfied and provided that the Company shall have
executed a Master Forward Confirmation with the applicable Forward Purchaser, the Company may exercise its right to call for a Forward by the delivery of a Transaction Notice specifying that it relates to a Forward, executed by the Chief
Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, the President, the Corporate Secretary or any Vice President (or such other authorized officers) of the Company or the Operating Company as may be acceptable to the applicable Forward
Seller and the related Forward Purchaser), to such Forward Seller and such Forward Purchaser. The number of Forward Hedge Shares that such Forward Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales
practices to sell pursuant to such Forward shall have an aggregate Sales Price equal to the Forward Hedge Amount. Each sale of Forward Hedge Shares will be settled as between such Forward Seller and such Forward Purchaser on each applicable Forward
Hedge Settlement Date following the relevant Forward Date. 

(b) The effectiveness of this Agreement (the
Closing) shall be deemed to take place concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto and the completion of the closing transactions set forth in the immediately following sentence. At the
Closing, the following closing transactions shall take place, each of which shall be deemed to occur simultaneously with the Closing: (i) each of the Company and the Operating Company shall deliver to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and
the Forward Purchasers a certificate executed by any two of its following representatives: the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, the President, the Corporate Secretary or any Vice President (or such other
authorized officers) of the Company or the Operating Company as may be acceptable to the Sales Agents, the 

21 

Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers), signing in such capacity, dated the date of the Closing, certifying that attached thereto are true and complete copies of the resolutions duly adopted
by the board of directors of the Company and the Operating Company, as applicable, authorizing the execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Forward Contract and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, which
authorization shall be in full force and effect on and as of the date of such certificate; (ii) each of the Company and the Operating Company shall deliver to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers a certificate
executed by any two of its following representatives: the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, the President, the Corporate Secretary or any Vice President (or such other authorized officers) of the Company or the
Operating Company as may be acceptable to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers), signing in such capacity, dated the date of the Closing, as to the matters set forth in Sections 6(a)(i) and
6(e); (iii) Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, counsel to the Company and the Operating Company (Company Counsel), or other counsel satisfactory to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers,
shall deliver to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers a written opinion, dated the date of the Closing, and addressed to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, of the same tenor as the opinions referred to in Section 6(c); (iv) Sidley Austin LLP, counsel to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the
Forward Purchasers, shall deliver to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers a written opinion, dated the date of the Closing, and addressed to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers; (v) Ernst & Young shall deliver to the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers a letter, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers; and (vi) the Company and the Operating Company, jointly and severally, without duplication, shall pay the expenses set forth in Sections 5(d), (e) and
(i) by wire transfer to the account designated by the applicable Sales Agent in writing prior to the Closing. 

(c) (i) On any Trading Day during the Commitment Period, the Company may deliver a Transaction Notice to a Sales Agent (in
the case of an Issuance) or a Forward Seller and a Forward Purchaser (in the case of a Forward), subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 6; provided, however, that (1) the
Issuance Amount or Forward Hedge Amount, as the case may be, for each Transaction as designated by the Company in the applicable Transaction Notice shall in no event exceed $100,000,000 for any Issuance or Forward, as the case may be, without the
prior written consent of such Agent or such Forward Seller, as applicable, which may be withheld in such Sales Agents or such Forward Sellers sole discretion and (2) notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the related Master
Forward Confirmation to the contrary, none of such Forward Purchaser, such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller shall have any further obligations with respect to any Transaction Notice if and to the extent the aggregate Sales Price of the Shares sold
pursuant thereto, together with the aggregate Sales Price of the Shares previously sold under this Agreement, shall exceed the Maximum Amount. The Company shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to amend at any time and from time to time any
Transaction Notice subject to compliance with the limitations set forth in this Agreement; provided, however, that (i) the Company may not amend the Issuance Amount or Forward Hedge Amount, as the case may be, if such amended
Issuance Amount or Forward Hedge Amount, as applicable, is less than the Actual Sold Issuance Amount or Actual Sold Forward Amount, as the case may be, as of the date of such amendment; (ii) the Company may not amend the Number of Days in
the Issuance Selling Period or Number of Days in the Forward Hedge Selling Period, as the case may be, if such amended Number of Days in the Issuance Selling Period or Number of Days in the Forward Hedge Selling

22 

Period, as applicable, is less than the number of days that have previously transpired (in whole or on part) in such Selling Period as of the date of such amendment; (iii) the Company
shall not have the right to amend a Transaction Notice initially specifying that it relates to a Forward to be a Transaction Notice specifying that it relates to an Issuance; (iv) the Company shall not have the right to
amend a Transaction Notice initially specifying that it relates to an Issuance to be a Transaction Notice specifying that it relates to a Forward; and (v) no increase in the Floor Price shall cause any sales of Shares
executed pursuant to such Transaction Notice prior to the date of receipt of such amendment to be a breach of the terms hereof. 

(ii) A Transaction Notice shall be deemed delivered on the Trading Day that it is received by email notice (or other method
mutually agreed to in writing by the parties) by a Sales Agent (in the case of an Issuance) or a Forward Seller and a Forward Purchaser (in the case of a Forward). No Transaction Notice may be delivered other than on a Trading Day during the
Commitment Period. No Transaction Notice may be delivered during an Issuance Selling Period or Forward Hedge Selling Period specified in a previously delivered Transaction Notice. No more than one Transaction Notice may be delivered on any single
Trading Day, and no Transaction Notice specifying that it relates to a Forward may be delivered if either (x) an ex-dividend date or ex-date, as
applicable, for any dividend or distribution payable by the Company on the Common Stock is scheduled to occur during the period from, and including, the first scheduled Trading Day of the related Forward Hedge Selling Period to, and including, the
last scheduled Trading Day of such Forward Hedge Selling Period, or (y) such Transaction Notice, together with all prior Transaction Notices delivered by the Company relating to a Forward hereunder, would result in the aggregate
Capped Number under all Forward Contracts entered into or to be entered into between the Company and each applicable Forward Purchaser exceeding 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the date of this Agreement. 

(iii) Neither a Sales Agent nor a Forward Seller shall sell Issuance Shares or Forward Hedge Shares, as the case may be, below
the Floor Price during any Selling Period, and, subject to clause (iii) of the proviso to the last sentence of Section 3(c), such Floor Price may be adjusted by the Company at any time during any Selling Period upon
written notice to such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, and confirmation to the Company by such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be. 

(iv) The Company and the Operating Company consent to a Sales Agent trading in the Common Stock for such Sales Agents own
account and a Forward Seller trading in the Common Stock for its or a Forward Purchasers own account and, in each case, for the account of its respective clients at the same time as sales of Shares occur pursuant to this Agreement;
provided, however, that such consent is expressly limited to trading activity that complies with applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations. 

(d) (i) Subject to the provisions of Section 5, on or before each Issuance Settlement Date, the
Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer the Issuance Shares being sold by crediting a Sales Agent or its designees account at The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System
(DWAC), or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto and, upon receipt of such Issuance Shares, which in all cases shall be freely tradable, transferable, registered shares in good
deliverable form, such Sales Agent will deliver the related Issuance Price in same day funds delivered to an account designated by the Company prior to the Issuance Settlement Date. If the Company defaults

23 

in its obligation to deliver Issuance Shares on an Issuance Settlement Date, the Company and the Operating Company agree, jointly and severally, that they will (A) hold such Sales Agent
harmless against any loss, claim, damage or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees and expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company, and (B) pay to such Sales Agent any Issuance
Selling Commission to which it would otherwise have been entitled absent such default. The parties acknowledge and agree that, in performing its obligations under this Agreement, such Sales Agent may borrow shares of Common Stock from stock lenders,
and may use the Issuance Shares to settle or close out such borrowings. 

(ii) Subject to the provisions of
Section 5, on or before each Forward Hedge Settlement Date, a Forward Purchaser shall, or shall cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer the Forward Hedge Shares being sold by crediting a Forward Seller or its
designees account at The Depository Trust Company through DWAC, or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by such Forward Seller and such Forward Purchaser and, upon receipt of such Forward Hedge Shares, which in all
cases shall be freely tradable and transferable, such Forward Seller shall deliver the related aggregate Forward Hedge Price to such Forward Purchaser in same day funds to an account designated by such Forward Purchaser prior to the relevant Forward
Hedge Settlement Date. 

(e) None of the Company, the Operating Company, the Sales Agents, the Forward Purchasers or the
Forward Sellers has prepared, used, referred to or distributed, or will prepare, use, refer to or distribute, without the other parties prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, any written
communication which constitutes a free writing prospectus as such terms are defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act with respect to the offering of Shares contemplated by this Agreement. 

(f) The Company and the Operating Company, jointly and severally, agree that any offer to sell, any solicitation of an offer to
buy, or any sales of Shares or any other equity security of the Company shall only be effected through one Sales Agent or one Forward Seller on any single given day, but in no event by more than one. 

(g) The Company and the Operating Company, jointly and severally, agree that if any party has reason to believe that the
exemptive provisions set forth in Rule 101(c)(1) of Regulation M under the Exchange Act are not satisfied with respect to the Shares, they shall promptly notify the other parties, and sales of the Shares under this Agreement shall be suspended
until that or other exemptive provisions have been satisfied in the reasonable judgment of all parties. 

(h) The Company, a
Sales Agent, a Forward Seller or a Forward Purchaser may, upon notice to the other parties in writing or by telephone (confirmed immediately by verifiable facsimile transmission or email), suspend any sale of Shares, and the applicable Selling
Period shall immediately terminate; provided, however, that such suspension and termination shall not affect or impair any partys obligations with respect to any Shares sold hereunder prior to the receipt of such notice (and, in
the case of any Forward Hedge Shares, the resulting Forward Contract). 

(i) Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement or the related Master Forward Confirmation, in the event the Company engages a Sales Agent or a Forward Seller for a sale of Shares that would constitute a distribution within the meaning of Rule 100 of Regulation M under
the Exchange Act, the Company and such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, will agree to compensation that is customary for such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, with respect to such transactions. 

24 

(j) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall
not offer, sell or deliver, or request the offer or sale of, any Shares and, by notice to a Sales Agent or a Forward Seller, as applicable, given by telephone (confirmed promptly by email), shall cancel any instructions for the offer or sale of any
Shares and such Sales Agent, or such Forward Seller, as applicable, shall not be obligated to offer or sell any Shares, (i) during any period in which the Company is, or could be deemed to be, in possession of material non-public information or (ii) except as provided in Section 3(k), at any time from and including the date on which the Company shall issue a press release containing, or shall
otherwise publicly announce, its earnings, revenues or other results of operations (each, an Earnings Announcement) through and including the time that the Company files a Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q or an Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Filing Time) that includes consolidated financial statements as of and for the same period or periods, as
the case may be, covered by such Earnings Announcement. 

(k) Notwithstanding clause (ii) of
Section 3(j), if the Company wishes that Shares be offered and sold through a Sales Agent or a Forward Seller at any time during the period from and including an Earnings Announcement through and including the corresponding
Filing Time, the Company shall first (i) prepare and deliver to such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller and the related Forward Purchaser (with a copy to their counsel) a Current Report on Form 8-K that
includes substantially the same financial and related information (together with managements discussion and analysis thereof) that was included in such Earnings Announcement (other than any earnings projections and similar forward-looking data
and officers quotations) (each, an Earnings 8-K), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller and the related Forward Purchaser, and, prior
to its filing, obtain the written consent of such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller and the related Forward Purchaser to such filing (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), (ii) provide such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller and the
related Forward Purchaser with the officers certificate, opinions and letters of counsel and accountants letter specified in Sections 3(b)(ii), (iii), (iv) and (v), respectively, (iii) afford such Sales
Agent or such Forward Seller and the related Forward Purchaser with the opportunity to conduct a due diligence review in accordance with Section 4(w)(iii) prior to filing such Earnings
8-K and (iv) file such Earnings 8-K with the Commission. For purposes of clarity, the parties hereto agree that (A) the delivery of any officers
certificate, opinion or letter of counsel or accountants letter pursuant to this Section 3(k) shall not relieve the Company from any of its obligations under this Agreement with respect to any Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K, as the case may be, including, without limitation, the obligation to deliver officers certificates, opinions and letters of
counsel and accountants letters as provided in Sections 3(b)(ii), (iii), (iv) and (v), respectively, and (B) this Section 3(k) shall in no way affect or limit the operation of clause
(i) of Section 3(j), which shall have independent application. 

(l) Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement, any notice required to be delivered by the Company or by a Sales Agent (in the case of an Issuance) or a Forward Seller and a Forward Purchaser (in the case of a Forward) pursuant to this
Section 3 may be delivered by telephone (confirmed promptly by facsimile or email), which confirmation will be promptly acknowledged by the receiving party) or other method mutually agreed to in writing by the parties. 

25 

SECTION 4. Covenants of the Company and the Operating Company. Each of the
Company and the Operating Company agrees, jointly and severally, during the term of this Agreement and each Forward Contract with the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers: 

(a) During the period in which a prospectus relating to the Shares is required to be delivered under the Securities Act
(whether physically, deemed to be delivered pursuant to Rule 153 or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule), to notify the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers promptly of the
time when any subsequent amendment to the Registration Statement is proposed to become effective or any subsequent supplement to any Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus is proposed to be filed, in each case in
accordance with Section 4(b); to prepare and file with the Commission, promptly upon the request of a Sales Agent, a Forward Seller or a Forward Purchaser, any amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, any
Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus that, in the reasonable opinion of such Sales Agent, such Forward Seller or such Forward Purchaser, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the offering of the Shares
by such Sales Agent, such Forward Seller or such Forward Purchaser; and to cause each amendment or supplement to any Basic Prospectus or the Prospectus to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the applicable paragraph of
Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act or, in the case of any Incorporated Document, to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the Exchange Act, within the time period prescribed. 

(b) To promptly advise the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, confirming such advice in writing, of
the receipt of any comments of, or any request by the Commission for amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, any Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus or for additional information with respect
thereto, or of notice of institution of proceedings for, or the entry of a stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and, if the Commission should enter a stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement, to use its best efforts to obtain the lifting or removal of such order as soon as possible; for so long as a prospectus is required by the Securities Act to be delivered (whether physically, deemed to be delivered pursuant to
Rule 153 or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) in connection with any sale of Shares, to promptly advise the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers of any proposal to amend
or supplement the Registration Statement, any Basic Prospectus or the Prospectus, and to provide the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers and their counsel copies of any such documents for review and comment a reasonable
amount of time prior to any proposed filing and to file no such amendment or supplement (other than any prospectus supplement relating to the offering of securities (including, without limitation, the Common Stock) other than the Shares) to which
the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers shall have reasonably objected in writing. Furthermore, until such time as any stop order is lifted, the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers may cease making
sales under this Agreement. 

(c) To furnish to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers a copy of
each proposed free writing prospectus to be prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by the Company or the Operating Company and not to use or refer to any proposed free writing prospectus to which the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers
or the Forward Purchasers reasonably object. Not to take any action that would result in the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers, the Forward Purchasers, the Operating Company or the Company being required to file with the Commission pursuant to
Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act a free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers that the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers otherwise would not
have been required to file thereunder. 

(d) To make available to the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers, as soon as
practicable after this Agreement becomes effective, and thereafter from time to time to furnish to the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers, as many copies of the Prospectus (or of the Prospectus as amended or supplemented if the Company shall have
made any amendments or supplements thereto after the effective date of the Registration Statement) as the Sales Agents or the Forward 

26 

Sellers may request for the purposes contemplated by the Securities Act; in case the Sales Agents or the Forward Sellers are required to deliver (whether physically, deemed to be delivered
pursuant to Rule 153 or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule), in connection with the sale of the Shares, a prospectus after the nine-month period referred to in Section 10(a)(3) of the
Securities Act, or after the time a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement is required pursuant to Item 512(a) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, the Company will prepare, at its
expense, promptly upon request such amendment or amendments to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as may be necessary to permit compliance with the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act or Item 512(a) of
Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, as the case may be. 

(e) Subject to
Section 4(b), to file promptly all reports and documents and any preliminary or definitive proxy or information statement required to be filed by the Company with the Commission in order to comply with the Exchange Act for
so long as a prospectus is required by the Securities Act to be delivered (whether physically, deemed to be delivered pursuant to Rule 153 or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) in connection with
any sale of Shares; and to provide the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, for their review and comment, with a copy of such reports and statements and other documents to be filed by the Company pursuant to Section 13,
14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during such period a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing, and to file no such report, statement or document to which the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers shall have
reasonably objected in writing; and to promptly notify the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers of such filing. 

(f) To pay the fees applicable to the Registration Statement in connection with the offering of the Shares within the time
required by Rule 456(b)(1)(i) under the Securities Act (without reliance on the proviso to Rule 456(b)(1)(i) under the Securities Act) and in compliance with Rule 456(b) and Rule 457(r) under the Securities Act. 

(g) If at any time prior to the sale of Shares having an aggregate Sales Price equal to the Maximum Amount the Company receives
from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, to (a) promptly notify the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and
the Forward Purchasers, (b) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Shares, in a form satisfactory to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers,
(c) use its best efforts to cause such registration statement or post-effective amendment to be declared effective as soon as practicable (if such filing is not otherwise effective immediately pursuant to Rule 462 under the Securities
Act), and (d) promptly notify the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers of such effectiveness, and to take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offer and sale of the Shares to continue as
contemplated in the Registration Statement that was the subject of the notice under Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act or for which the Company has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement relating to
the Shares shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be. 

(h) If
immediately prior to the third anniversary (the Renewal Deadline) of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Shares remain unsold by the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers, collectively, to, prior to
the Renewal Deadline file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to do so, a new automatic shelf registration statement relating to the Shares, in a form satisfactory to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers or if
the Company is not eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement, to, prior to the Renewal 

27 

Deadline, if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating to the Shares, in a form satisfactory to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward
Purchasers, and will use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective within 180 days after the Renewal Deadline, and to take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offer and sale of the
Shares to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or such new shelf registration statement, as the case may be.

(i) To promptly notify the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers of the happening of any event
within the period during which a prospectus is required to be delivered (whether physically, deemed to be delivered pursuant to Rule 153 or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) in connection with
any sale of Shares, which event could require the making of any change in the Prospectus then being used so that the Prospectus would not include an untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, and, during such time, subject to Section 4(b), to prepare and furnish, at the expense of the Company and the Operating
Company, to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers promptly such amendments or supplements to such Prospectus as may be necessary to reflect any such change. 

(j) To furnish such information as may be required and otherwise to cooperate in qualifying the Shares for offer and sale under
the securities or Blue Sky laws of such states or other jurisdictions as the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution of the
Shares; provided, however, that neither the Company nor the Operating Company shall be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to consent to the service of process under the laws of any such jurisdiction (except service
of process with respect to the offer and sale of the Shares); and to promptly advise the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers of the receipt by the Company or the Operating Company of any notification with respect to the
suspension of the qualification of the Shares for offer or sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose. 

(k) To make generally available to its security holders and to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers
as soon as it is practicable to do so, but in any event not later than 15 months after the effective date of the Registration Statement (as defined in Rule 158(c) under the Securities Act), an earnings statement (which need not be audited)
in reasonable detail, covering a period of twelve consecutive months beginning after the effective date of the Registration Statement, which earnings statement shall satisfy the requirements of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and
Rule 158 under the Securities Act. 

(l) To apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares and from Forward
Contracts in the manner set forth under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus Supplement. 

(m) At all
times when the Company has instructed a Sales Agent or a Forward Seller to make sales of Shares, at all times during which a prospectus is required by the Securities Act to be delivered (whether physically, deemed to be delivered pursuant to
Rule 153 or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) in connection with any sale of Shares, and at all times when sales of Shares are pending settlement, not to sell, offer to sell, contract or agree
to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of the Common Stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for the Common Stock or
warrants or other rights to purchase 

28 

the Common Stock or any other securities of the Company that are substantially similar to the Common Stockor permit the registration under the Securities Act of any shares of the Common
Stock, in each case without giving such Sales Agent, such Forward Seller or such Forward Purchaser, as applicable, at least three Business Days prior written notice specifying the nature of the proposed sale and the date of such proposed sale.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, without providing such prior written notice: (i) register the Shares and the sales through a Sales Agent or a Forward Seller, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement, or to such Sales Agent;
(ii) file a registration statement on Form S-8 relating to Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to equity plans described in the Companys reports filed with the Commission; (iii) issue
securities under the Companys equity compensation plans for officers, employees, and non-employee directors described in the Companys reports filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act;
(iv) issue shares upon the exercise of options or other stock rights pursuant to the Companys equity compensation plans for officers, employees, and non-employee directors described in the
Companys reports filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act; (v) sell shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Sixth Amended and Restated Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan or any similar plan as described in the
Companys reports filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act; (vi) issue shares of Common Stock upon conversion of any shares of the Companys convertible preferred stock described in the Companys reports filed with the
Commission under the Exchange Act; (vii) issue shares of Common Stock upon conversion or exchange of any of the Companys convertible notes or the Operating Companys exchangeable notes described in the Companys reports filed
with the Commission under the Exchange Act; or (viii) issue Confirmation Shares. In the event that notice of a proposed sale is provided by the Company pursuant to this Section 4(m), such Sales Agent or such Forward
Seller, as applicable, may suspend activity under this program for such period of time as may be requested by the Company or as may be deemed appropriate by such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as applicable. 

(n) Not, at any time at or after the execution of this Agreement, to offer or sell any Shares by means of any
prospectus (within the meaning under the Securities Act), or use any prospectus (within the meaning under the Securities Act) in connection with the offer or sale of the Shares, in each case other than the Prospectus. 

(o) Neither the Company nor the Operating Company will cause, or cause their subsidiaries to take, directly or indirectly, any
action resulting in a violation of Regulation M promulgated under the Exchange Act or designed to, or which will constitute, or has constituted, or might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of
any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect to net share settle or cash settle any Forward Contract. 

(p) To use its best efforts to cause the Common Stock to be listed on the NYSE and to maintain such listing. 

(q) At all times when the Company has instructed a Sales Agent or a Forward Seller to make sales of Shares, at all times during
which a prospectus is required by the Securities Act to be delivered (whether physically, deemed to be delivered pursuant to Rule 153 or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) in connection with any
sale of Shares, and at all times when sales of Shares are pending settlement, to advise such Sales Agent, such Forward Seller or such Forward Purchaser immediately after it shall have received notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of any information
or fact that would alter or affect any opinion, certificate, letter and other document provided to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers pursuant to Section 6. 

29 

(r) Upon commencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement
(and upon the recommencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement following the termination of a Suspension Period), and each time that (i) a new registration statement that is part of the Registration Statement definition above
shall become effective or the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be amended or supplemented (other than pursuant to subclause (ii) below and other than a prospectus supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities
Act relating solely to the offering of securities other than the Shares), (ii) there is filed with the Commission any document incorporated by reference into the Prospectus (other than a Current Report on
Form 8-K, unless the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers shall otherwise reasonably request), or (iii) otherwise as the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward
Purchasers may reasonably request (each such date referred to in subclauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, a Representation Date), to furnish or cause to be furnished to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward
Purchasers forthwith a certificate dated and delivered the date of effectiveness of such registration statement or amendment, the date of filing with the Commission of such supplement or other document, or promptly upon request, as the case may be,
in form satisfactory to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, (x) to the effect that the statements contained in the certificate referred to in Section 6(e) which were last furnished to the
Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers are true and correct at the time of such amendment, supplement, filing, or delivery, as the case may be, as though made at and as of such time (except that such statements shall be deemed
to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented to such time) or, in lieu of such certificate, a certificate of the same tenor as the certificate referred to in said Section 6(e),
modified as necessary to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented to the time of delivery of such certificate; provided that the obligation of the Company under this
Section 4(r) shall be deferred for any period that the Company has suspended the offering of Shares pursuant to Section 3(h) (each, a Suspension Period) and shall recommence upon
the termination of such suspension. 

(s) Upon commencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement (and upon the
recommencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement following the termination of a Suspension Period), and at each Representation Date, to furnish or cause to be furnished forthwith to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the
Forward Purchasers and to their counsel a written opinion of Company Counsel, or other counsel satisfactory to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, dated and delivered as of such Representation Date, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Sales Agents, Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, of the same tenor as the opinions referred to in Section 6(c), but modified as necessary to relate to the Registration Statement and
the Prospectus as amended and supplemented to the time of delivery of such opinion; provided that the obligation of the Company under this Section 4(s) shall be deferred for any Suspension Period and shall recommence
upon the termination of such suspension. In lieu of delivering such an opinion for dates subsequent to the commencement of the offering or sale of the Shares such counsel may furnish the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers
with a letter to the effect that each Sales Agent, each Forward Seller and each Forward Purchaser may rely on a prior opinion delivered under this Section 4(s) to the same extent as if it were dated the date of such letter
(except that statements in such prior opinion shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented as of such subsequent date). 

30 

(t) Upon commencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement
(and upon the recommencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement following the termination of a Suspension Period), and at each Representation Date, to furnish or cause to be furnished to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the
Forward Purchasers forthwith a certificate of the same tenor as the certificate referred to in Section 6(e), as may be acceptable to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, dated and delivered as
of such Representation Date; provided that the obligation of the Company under this Section 4(t) shall be deferred for any Suspension Period and shall recommence upon the termination of such suspension. 

(u) Upon commencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement (and upon the recommencement of the offering of the
Shares under this Agreement following the termination of a Suspension Period), and at each Representation Date, Sidley Austin LLP, counsel to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, shall deliver a written opinion, dated
and delivered as of such Representation Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers; provided that the obligation under this Section 4(u) shall be
deferred for any Suspension Period and shall recommence upon the termination of such suspension. 

(v) Upon commencement of
the offering of the Shares under this Agreement (and upon the recommencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement following the termination of a Suspension Period if any of the events contemplated by subclauses (i), (ii) or
(iii) below have occurred during such Suspension Period), and each time that (i) a new registration statement that is part of the Registration Statement definition above shall become effective or the Registration Statement or the
Prospectus shall be amended or supplemented to include additional or amended financial information, (ii) the Company shall file an annual report on Form 10-K or a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or (iii) at the reasonable request of the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers and upon reasonable advance notice to the Company, there is filed with the Commission any
document (other than an annual report on Form 10-K or a quarterly report on Form 10-Q) incorporated by reference into the Prospectus which contains financial
information, to cause Ernst & Young, or other independent accountants satisfactory to the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers, forthwith to furnish the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers, a letter, dated the date of effectiveness of such
registration statement or amendment, or the date of filing of such supplement or other document with the Commission, as the case may be, in form satisfactory to the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers, of the same tenor as the letter referred to in
Section 6(d) but modified to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the date of such letter; provided that the obligation of the Company under this
Section 4(v) shall be deferred for any Suspension Period and shall recommence upon the termination of such suspension. 

(w) Upon commencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement (and upon the recommencement of the offering of the
Shares under this Agreement following the termination of a Suspension Period), and each time that (i) a new registration statement that is part of the Registration Statement definition above is filed or the Registration Statement or the
Prospectus is amended or supplemented (other than pursuant to subclause (ii) below and other than a prospectus supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act relating solely to the offering of securities other than the
Shares), (ii) there is filed with the Commission any document incorporated by reference into the Prospectus (other than a Current Report on Form 8-K, unless the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or
the Forward Purchasers shall otherwise reasonably request) or (iii) otherwise as the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers shall reasonably request, to conduct a due diligence session, in form and substance, satisfactory
to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers, which shall include representatives 

31 

of the management and the accountants of the Company; provided that the obligation of the Company under this Section 4(w) shall be deferred for any Suspension
Period and shall recommence upon the termination of such suspension. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event that the Company files a new registration statement that is part of the Registration Statement, offers and sales of
Shares shall not be permitted unless such registration statement has become effective. 

(x) That it consents to the Sales
Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers trading in the Common Stock for their own accounts and for the accounts of their clients at the same time as sales of the Shares occur pursuant to this Agreement. 

(y) If to the knowledge of the Company or the Operating Company, any condition set forth in Section 6(a)
or (h) shall not have been satisfied on the applicable Settlement Date, to offer to any person who has agreed to purchase the Shares from the Company as the result of an offer to purchase solicited by the Sales Agents or the Forward
Sellers the right to refuse to purchase and pay for such Shares. 

(z) To disclose in its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in its annual report on Form 10-K the number of the Shares sold through the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers under this
Agreement, the net proceeds to the Company and the compensation paid by the Company with respect to sales of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement during the relevant quarter. 

(aa) That each acceptance by the Company of an offer to purchase the Shares hereunder shall be deemed to be an affirmation to
the related Sales Agent, Forward Seller and Forward Purchaser, as applicable, that the representations and warranties of the Company and the Operating Company contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement are true and correct as of the date of
such acceptance as though made at and as of such date, and an undertaking that such representations and warranties will be true and correct as of the Settlement Date for the Shares relating to such acceptance as though made at and as of such date
(except that such representations and warranties shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented relating to such Shares). 

(bb) To ensure that prior to instructing a Sales Agent or a Forward Seller to sell Shares the Company shall have obtained all
necessary corporate authority for the offer and sale of such Shares. 

(cc) On or before each Representation Date, the Sales
Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers and counsel for the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers shall have received such information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably request (except for any such
information, documents or opinions that are subject to confidentiality agreements or to a legal privilege to the extent that such compliance could reasonably be expected to violate a confidentiality agreement or legal privilege) for the purposes of
enabling them to pass upon the offer and sale of the Shares as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained; and
all proceedings taken by the Company or the Operating Company in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares as contemplated herein and in connection with the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be satisfactory in form and
substance to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers and counsel for the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers. 

32 

(dd) The Company agrees that any offer to sell, solicitation of an offer to
buy, or any sale of Shares shall only be effected through only one Sales Agent or one Forward Seller, as the case may be, on any given day, and in no event by more than one Sales Agent or one Forward Seller, and the Company shall in no event request
that more than one Sales Agent or Forward Seller, as the case may be, sell Shares on the same day. 

(ee) The Company agrees
to reserve for issuance by its board of directors and keep available for settlement of each Forward Contract, a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Capped Number for such Forward Contract. 

SECTION 5. Payment of Expenses; Settlement. The Company and the Operating Company, jointly and severally, agree with the Sales
Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, to pay all of the expenses incident to the performance of their obligations hereunder,
including, but not limited to, such costs, expenses, fees and taxes in connection with (a) the preparation and filing of the Registration Statement, each Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus, each Prospectus Supplement, each Permitted Free Writing
Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, and the printing and furnishing of copies of each thereof to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers (including costs of mailing and shipment), (b) the registration,
issue, sale and delivery of the Shares including any stock or transfer taxes and stamp or similar duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Shares and the Confirmation Shares to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward
Purchasers, (c) the producing, word processing and/or printing of this Agreement, each Forward Contract, any Powers of Attorney and any closing documents (including compilations thereof) and the reproduction and/or printing and furnishing of
copies of each thereof to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers (including costs of mailing and shipment), (d) the qualification of the Shares for offer and sale under state and
non-U.S. laws and the determination of their eligibility for investment under state or foreign law as aforesaid (including the reasonable legal fees and filing fees and other disbursements of counsel for the
Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, respectively) and the printing and furnishing of copies of any blue sky surveys to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, (e) the listing of the Shares and
the Confirmation Shares on any securities exchange or qualification of the Shares and the Confirmation Shares for quotation on the NYSE and any registration thereof under the Exchange Act, (f) the costs and charges of any transfer agent,
registrar or depositary, (g) the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, in connection with its review of the offerings compliance with FINRA rules and the filing fees
incident to FINRAs review, if any, and approval of the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers participation in the offering and distribution of the Shares, (h) the reasonable fees and disbursements
of the Companys and the Operating Companys counsel and accountants and (i) all reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, respectively, incurred in connection with
the negotiation and completion of this Agreement and the Forward Contracts. 

SECTION 6. Conditions of the Sales Agents and
the Forward Sellers Obligations. The right of the Company to deliver a Transaction Notice hereunder is subject to the satisfaction, on the date of delivery of such Transaction Notice, and the obligations of the applicable Sales Agent to
sell Issuance Shares and/or the applicable Forward Seller to sell Forward Hedge Shares during the applicable Selling Period are subject to the satisfaction, on the applicable Transaction Date and Settlement Date, of (i) the accuracy of the
representations and warranties on the part of the Company and the Operating Company on the date hereof, any applicable date referred to in Section 4(r) and as of each Settlement Date, (ii) the performance by the
Company and the Operating Company of their obligations hereunder and (iii) to the following additional conditions precedent. 

33 

(a) (i) No stop order with respect to the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement shall have been issued under the Securities Act or proceedings initiated under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act, and no order directed at or in relation to any document incorporated by reference therein and no
order preventing or suspending the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission, and no suspension of the qualification of the Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or to the knowledge of the Company, the Operating Company, the
Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes, has occurred; (ii) neither Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto shall not contain an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (iii) none of the Basic Prospectus or the Prospectus, and no amendment or supplement
thereto, shall include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; (iv) no Basic
Prospectus or Basic Prospectus, together with any combination of one or more of the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, and no amendment or supplement thereto, shall include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; and (v) none of the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, shall include an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. 

(b) Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus,
the Prospectus and the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, no material adverse change (other than as referred to in the Registration Statement and Prospectus), in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, capital stock
(except to the extent of any increase in the number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock due to option exercises, issuances under the Companys Sixth Amended and Restated Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan and conversions
of preferred stock) business affairs, management or business prospects of the Company, Operating Company and their subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, in the judgment of the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, shall
occur or become known and no transaction which is material and unfavorable to the Company (other than as referred to in the Registration Statement and Prospectus) in the judgment of the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers,
shall have been entered into by the Company, Operating Company or any of their subsidiaries. 

(c) The Company shall furnish
to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, at every date specified in Section 4(r), opinions of Company Counsel, addressed to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, and
dated as of such date, to the effect set forth in Exhibits B and C. In lieu of delivering such an opinion for dates subsequent to the commencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement such counsel may furnish the Sales
Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers with a letter to the effect that each Sales Agent, each Forward Seller and each Forward Purchaser may rely on a prior opinion delivered under this Section 6(c) to the same extent as if it
were dated the date of such letter (except that statements in such prior opinion shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented as of such subsequent date). 

In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely, as to matters governed by laws other than the corporate laws of the State of Delaware or
federal laws, on local counsel in such jurisdictions, provided that in such case such counsel shall state that they believe that they and the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers are justified in relying on such other
counsel and such other counsel shall indicate that the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward 

34 

Purchasers may rely on such opinion. As to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, such counsel may rely on certificates of officers of the Company, the Operating Company and public
officials so long as such counsel states that they have no reason to believe that either the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers or they are not justified in relying on such certificates. In addition to the matters set forth
above, the opinion of Company Counsel shall also include a statement to the effect that nothing has come to the attention of such counsel which leads them to believe that (a) the Registration Statement, as of the time of its effectiveness for
purposes of Section 11 of the Securities Act, contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (b) the
Prospectus, as of the date of the Prospectus Supplement and as of the date of the opinion, contained or contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, (c) the Basic Prospectus, as of its date, the date of this Agreement and as of the date of the opinion, in each case together with the Permitted Free Writing
Prospectus identified on Schedule A hereto and with the information relating to the public offering price of the Shares as set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus, contained or contains an untrue statement of a
material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (except that such counsel need express no view as to financial
statements, schedules and other financial information included therein). With respect to such statement, Company Counsel may state that this statement is based upon the procedures set forth or incorporated by reference therein, but is without
independent check and verification. 

(d) At the dates specified in Section 4(v), the Sales Agents
and the Forward Sellers shall have received from Ernst & Young letters dated the date of delivery thereof and addressed to the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers in form and substance satisfactory to the Sales Agents and the Forward
Sellers. 

(e) Each of the Company and the Operating Company shall deliver to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the
Forward Purchasers, at every date specified in Section 4(r) (each, a Certificate Date), a certificate signed by any two of its following representatives: the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial
Officer, the Treasurer, the President, the Corporate Secretary or any Vice President (or such other authorized officers) of the Company or the Operating Company, as may be acceptable, to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward
Purchasers) to the effect that (i) the representations and warranties of the Company and the Operating Company, as applicable, as set forth in this Agreement and the related Master Forward Confirmation are true and correct as of the Certificate
Date; (ii) each of the Company and the Operating Company, as applicable, has performed such of its obligations under this Agreement as are to be performed at or before each such Certificate Date; (iii) the Shares and the Confirmation
Shares have been duly and validly authorized by the Company, (iv) all corporate action required to be taken for the offer, sale and delivery of the Shares and the Confirmation Shares has been validly and sufficiently taken; (v) the
Companys board of directors or any other body with authority has not revoked, rescinded or otherwise modified or withdrawn such authorization or corporate action; (v) the specified number in such certificate is the number of shares of
Common Stock reserved for issuance by the Company, listed, subject to notice of issuance, on the NYSE in connection with the Transactions and authorized under the Companys charter less (1) any shares of Common Stock issued in connection
with an Issuance hereunder and (2) the aggregate Capped Number under all Forward Contracts (such number, as updated from time to time immediately following any Issuance or Forward, the Remaining Number of Shares); and
(vi) the conditions set forth in Section 6(a) and 6(b) have been met. 

35 

(f) The Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers shall
have received, at every date specified in Section 4(u), the favorable opinion of Sidley Austin LLP, counsel to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, dated as of such date, and in form and
substance satisfactory to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers. In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely, as to matters governed by the laws of states other than the corporate laws of the State of Delaware or
federal laws, on local counsel in such jurisdictions, provided that in such case such counsel shall state that they believe that they and the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers are justified in relying on such other
counsel and such other counsel shall indicate that the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers may rely on such opinion. As to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, such counsel may rely on certificates of officers of
the Company and public officials. 

(g) The Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers shall have
received, at every date specified in Section 4(t), a certificate of an authorized officer of the Company as may be acceptable to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, dated as of such date, and
in form and substance satisfactory to the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers. 

(h) All filings
with the Commission required by Rule 424 under the Securities Act to have been filed by the Settlement Date shall have been made within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing by Rule 424. 

(i) The Shares and a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the number of Issuance Shares in such Transaction
Notice, or, in the case of a Forward Contract, the Capped Number shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE, subject only to notice of issuance at or prior to the Transaction Date or Settlement Date, as applicable. 

(j) In no event may the Company issue a Transaction Notice that relates to an Issuance unless the number of
Issuance Shares specified in such Transaction Notice is less than the Remaining Number of Shares as of the date of delivery of such Transaction Notice, and in no event may the Company issue a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward
unless the Capped Number set forth in the Forward Contract to be entered into in connection with such Transaction Notice is less than the Remaining Number of Shares as of the date of delivery of such Transaction Notice. 

SECTION 7. Indemnification and Contribution. 

(a) The Company and the Operating Company, jointly and severally, agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Sales
Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents and any person who controls a Sales Agent, a Forward Seller or a Forward Purchaser within the meaning of
Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, and the successors and assigns of all of the foregoing persons, from and against any and all loss, damage, expense, liability or claim (including the reasonable cost of
investigation) which, jointly or severally, a Sales Agent, a Forward Seller or a Forward Purchaser or any such person may incur under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the common law or otherwise, insofar as such loss, damage, expense, liability
or claim arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or in the Registration Statement as amended by any post-effective amendment thereof by the
Company or the Operating Company) or arises out of or is based upon any omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except insofar as any such loss,
damage, 

36 

expense, liability or claim arises out of or is based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in, and in conformity with information furnished in
writing by or on behalf of a Sales Agent or a Forward Seller, as the case may be, to the Company or the Operating Company expressly for use in, the Registration Statement or arises out of or is based upon any omission or alleged omission to state a
material fact in the Registration Statement in connection with such information, which material fact was not contained in such information and which material fact was required to be stated in such Registration Statement or was necessary to make such
information not misleading or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any Prospectus (the term Prospectus for the purpose of this Section 7 being deemed to include any Basic
Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements to the foregoing), in any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, in any issuer information (as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act) of the
Company or the Operating Company or in any Prospectus together with any combination of one or more of the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, or arises out of or is based upon any omission or alleged omission to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except, with respect to such Prospectus or Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, insofar as any such loss, damage, expense,
liability or claim arises out of or is based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in, and in conformity with information furnished in writing by or on behalf of a Sales Agent or a Forward Seller, as the
case may be, to the Company or the Operating Company expressly for use in, such Prospectus or Permitted Free Writing Prospectus or arises out of or is based upon any omission or alleged omission to state a material fact in such Prospectus or
Permitted Free Writing Prospectus in connection with such information, which material fact was not contained in such information and which material fact was necessary in order to make the statements in such information, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; it being understood and agreed upon that such information as of the date hereof shall consist solely of the legal name of each of the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers under the caption
Plan of Distribution in the Prospectus Supplement dated the date hereof. 

If any action, suit, proceeding or investigation
(together, a Proceeding) is brought against a Sales Agent, a Forward Seller or a Forward Purchaser or any such person in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the Company or the Operating Company pursuant to the
foregoing paragraph, such Sales Agent, such Forward Seller or such Forward Purchaser or such person shall promptly notify the indemnifying party in writing of the institution of such Proceeding and the Company or the Operating Company shall assume
the defense of such Proceeding, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party and payment of all fees and expenses; provided, however, that the omission to so notify the Company or the Operating
Company shall not relieve the Company or the Operating Company from any liability which the Company or the Operating Company may have to such Sales Agent, such Forward Seller or such Forward Purchaser or any such person or otherwise except to the
extent the Company or the Operating Company was materially prejudiced by such omission. Such Sales Agent, such Forward Seller or such Forward Purchaser or such person shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case, but the
fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Sales Agent, such Forward Seller or such Forward Purchaser or of such person unless the employment of such counsel shall have been authorized in writing by the Company and the
Operating Company in connection with the defense of such Proceeding or neither the Company nor the Operating Company shall have, within a reasonable period of time in light of the circumstances, employed counsel to have charge of the defense of such
Proceeding or such indemnified party or parties shall have reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available to it or them which are different from, additional to or in conflict with those available to the Company or the Operating

37 

Company (in which case neither the Company nor the Operating Company shall have the right to direct the defense of such Proceeding on behalf of the indemnified party or parties), in any of which
events such fees and expenses shall be borne by the Company and the Operating Company, and paid as incurred (it being understood, however, that neither the Company nor the Operating Company shall be liable for the expenses of more than one separate
counsel (in addition to any local counsel) in any one Proceeding or series of related Proceedings in the same jurisdiction representing the indemnified parties who are parties to such Proceeding). Neither the Company nor the Operating Company shall
be liable for any settlement of any Proceeding effected without its written consent but if settled with the written consent of the Company, and the Operating Company, the Company and the Operating Company, jointly and severally, agree to indemnify
and hold harmless such Sales Agent, such Forward Seller or such Forward Purchaser, as the case may be, and any such person from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an
indemnified party shall have requested the Company or the Operating Company to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by the second sentence of this paragraph, then the Company and the Operating Company,
jointly and severally, agree that it shall be liable for any settlement of any Proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 60 Business Days after receipt by the Company or the Operating
Company of the aforesaid request, (ii) neither the Company nor the Operating Company shall have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement and (iii) such indemnified party shall
have given the indemnifying party at least 30 days prior notice of its intention to settle. Neither the Company nor the Operating Company shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement of any
pending or threatened Proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or may be a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such indemnified
party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding and does not include an admission of fault or culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of such indemnified party. 

(b) Each of the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless
each of the Company, the Operating Company, the Companys directors and officers and any person who controls the Company or the Operating Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange
Act, and the successors and assigns of all of the foregoing persons, from and against any loss, damage, expense, liability or claim (including the reasonable cost of investigation) which, jointly or severally, the Company, the Operating Company or
any such person may incur under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the common law or otherwise, insofar as such loss, damage, expense, liability or claim arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact contained in and, in conformity with information furnished in writing by or on behalf of a Sales Agent or a Forward Seller to the Company or the Operating Company expressly for use with reference to such Sales Agent or such Forward
Seller in the Registration Statement (or in the Registration Statement as amended by any post-effective amendment thereof by the Company or the Operating Company), or arises out of or is based upon any omission or alleged omission to state a
material fact in such Registration Statement in connection with such information, which material fact was not contained in such information and which material fact was required to be stated in such Registration Statement or was necessary to make
such information not misleading or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in, and in conformity with information furnished in writing by or on behalf of a Sales Agent or a Forward Seller to the
Company or the Operating Company expressly for use in, a Prospectus or a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, or arises out of or is based upon any omission or alleged 

38 

omission to state a material fact in such Prospectus or Permitted Free Writing Prospectus in connection with such information, which material fact was not contained in such information and which
material fact was necessary in order to make the statements in such information, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; it being understood and agreed upon that such information as of the date hereof shall
consist solely of the legal name of each of the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Prospectus Supplement dated the date hereof. 

If any Proceeding is brought against the Company, the Operating Company or any such person in respect of which indemnity may be sought against
a Sales Agent or a Forward Seller pursuant to the foregoing paragraph, the Company, the Operating Company or such person shall promptly notify such Sales Agent or a Forward Seller, as the case may be, in writing of the institution of such Proceeding
and such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, shall assume the defense of such Proceeding, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party and payment of all fees and expenses;
provided, however, that the omission to so notify such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, shall not relieve such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, from any liability which such Sales Agent or
such Forward Seller, as the case may be, may have to the Company, the Operating Company or any such person or otherwise. The Company, the Operating Company or such person shall have the right to employ its own counsel in any such case, but the fees
and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Company, the Operating Company or such person unless the employment of such counsel shall have been authorized in writing by such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, in
connection with the defense of such Proceeding or such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, shall not have, within a reasonable period of time in light of the circumstances, employed counsel to have charge of the defense of such
Proceeding or such indemnified party or parties shall have reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available to it or them which are different from or additional to or in conflict with those available to such Sales Agent or such Forward
Seller, as the case may be (in which case such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, shall not have the right to direct the defense of such Proceeding on behalf of the indemnified party or parties, but such Sales Agent or such
Forward Seller, as the case may be, may employ counsel and participate in the defense thereof but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be), in any of which events
such fees and expenses shall be borne by such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, and paid as incurred (it being understood, however, that such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, shall not be liable for the
expenses of more than one separate counsel (in addition to any local counsel) in any one Proceeding or series of related Proceedings in the same jurisdiction representing the indemnified parties who are parties to such Proceeding). Such Sales Agent
or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without the written consent of such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, but if settled with the written consent of
such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Operating Company and any such person from and against any loss or
liability by reason of such settlement. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and
expenses of counsel as contemplated by the second sentence of this paragraph, then such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any Proceeding effected without its written consent
if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 60 Business Days after receipt by such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, of the aforesaid request, (ii) such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller,

39 

as the case may be, shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement and (iii) such indemnified party shall have given
such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, at least 30 days prior notice of its intention to settle. Such Sales Agent or such Forward Seller, as the case may be, shall not, without the prior written consent of the
indemnified party, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened Proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement includes an
unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding. 

(c) If the indemnification provided for in this Section 7 is unavailable to an indemnified party
under Sections 7(a) and 7(b) or is insufficient to hold an indemnified party harmless in respect of any losses, damages, expenses, liabilities or claims referred to therein, then each applicable indemnifying party shall
contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such losses, damages, expenses, liabilities or claims (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company or the
Operating Company, on the one hand, and the applicable Sales Agent, Forward Seller or Forward Purchaser, as the case may be, on the other hand, from the offering of the Shares or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not
permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company or the Operating Company, on the one hand, and of the
applicable Sales Agent, Forward Seller or Forward Purchaser, as the case may be, on the other, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, damages, expenses, liabilities or claims, as well as any other relevant
equitable considerations. 

The relative benefits received by the Company or the Operating Company, on the one hand, and the applicable
Sales Agent, Forward Seller or Forward Purchaser, as the case may be, on the other, shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as (i) in the case of the Company, (A) the Actual Sold Forward Amount for each Forward under this
Agreement, multiplied by the Forward Hedge Price for such Forward, or (B) the Actual Sold Issuance Amount for each Issuance under this Agreement, multiplied by the Issuance Price for such Issuance, as applicable, (ii) in the case of the
applicable Sales Agent, the Actual Sold Issuance Amount for each Issuance under this Agreement, multiplied by the Issuance Selling Commission for such Issuance, (iii) in the case of the applicable Forward Seller, the Actual Sold Forward Amount
for the applicable Forward under this Agreement, multiplied by the Forward Hedge Selling Commission for such Forward, and (iv) in the case of the applicable Forward Purchaser, the net Spread (as such term is defined in the related Master
Forward Confirmation and net of any related stock borrow costs or other costs or expenses actually incurred) for the applicable Forward Contract(s) executed in connection with this Agreement. The relative fault of the Company or the Operating
Company, on the one hand, and of the applicable Sales Agent, Forward Seller or Forward Purchaser, as the case may be, on the other, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact or omission or alleged omission relates to information supplied by the Company or the Operating Company or by applicable Sales Agent, Forward Seller or Forward Purchaser, as the case may be, and the parties relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, damages, expenses, liabilities and claims referred to in this
Section 6(c) shall be deemed to include any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending any Proceeding. 

40 

(d) The Company, the Operating Company, the Sales Agents and the Forward
Sellers agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take
account of the equitable considerations referred to in Section 6(c). The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions or proceedings in respect
thereof) referred to in Section 6(c) shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, (i) neither the Sales Agents nor the Forward Sellers shall in any event be required to contribute any amount in excess of the aggregate Issuance Selling Commissions or
the aggregate Forward Hedge Selling Commissions, as the case may be, received by it under this Agreement and (ii) the Forward Purchasers shall in no event be required to contribute any amount in excess of the net Spread (as such term is defined
in the related Master Forward Confirmation and net of any related stock borrow costs or other costs or expenses actually incurred) for all Forward Contracts entered into pursuant to this Agreement. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 7(d), each affiliate,
director, officer, employee and agent of the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers and each person, if any, who controls the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers, as the case may be, within the meaning of
Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers, as the case may be, and each director and officer of the
Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Operating Company with the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to
contribution as the Company or the Operating Company. 

(e) Each of the Company, the Operating Company, the Sales Agents and
the Forward Sellers agrees promptly to notify each other, to the extent legally permitted to do so, of the commencement of any Proceeding against it and, in the case of the Company or the Operating Company, against any of the Companys officers
or directors, as the case may be, in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares, or in connection with the Registration Statement, any Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. 

SECTION 8. Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in
Section 7 and the covenants, warranties and representations of the Company and the Operating Company contained in this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of
the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers, as the case may be, their respective affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents or any person (including each affiliate, director, officer, employee and agent of such
person) who controls the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers, as the case may be, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, or by or on behalf of the Company, the
Operating Company, the Companys directors or officers or any person who controls the Company or the Operating Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, and shall survive any
termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery of the Shares. 

SECTION 9. Termination. 

(a) The Company shall have the right, by giving written notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate the provisions of this
Agreement relating to the solicitation of offers to purchase the Shares in its sole discretion at any time. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that (i) if any of the Shares have been sold
through the Sales Agents or the Forward Sellers, as the case may be, for the Company, then Section 4(x) shall remain in full 

41 

force and effect, (ii) with respect to any pending sale, through the Sales Agents or the Forward Sellers, as the case may be, for the Company, the obligations of the Company or the Operating
Company, including in respect of compensation of the Sales Agents or the Forward Sellers, shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the termination and (iii) the provisions of Sections 5, 7,
8, 10, 11, 12, 16, 18 and 20 shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination. 

(b) Each of the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers shall have the right, by giving written notice as
hereinafter specified, to terminate the provisions of this Agreement relating to the solicitation of offers to purchase the Shares through it in its sole discretion at any time. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any
other party except that the provisions of Sections 5, 7, 8, 10, 11, 12, 16, 18 and 20 shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination. Unless
earlier terminated pursuant to this Section 9, this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the offer and sale of Shares through the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers pursuant to this Agreement having an aggregate
dollar value equal to the Maximum Amount. 

(c) This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless terminated
pursuant to Section 9(a) or 9(b) or otherwise by mutual agreement of the parties; provided that any such termination by mutual agreement shall in all cases be deemed to provide that
Sections 5, 7 and 8 shall remain in full force and effect. 

(d) Any termination of
this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination; provided that such termination shall not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice by any of the Sales Agents, any of
the Forward Sellers, any of the Forward Purchasers or the Company, as the case may be. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date for any sale of the Shares, such sale shall settle in accordance with the provisions of
Sections 3(a)(iii) and 3(a)(iv). 

SECTION 10. Notices. Except as otherwise herein provided,
all statements, requests, notices and agreements under this Agreement and any Master Forward Confirmation shall be in writing and delivered by hand, overnight courier, mail, email or facsimile. 

(a) Notices to the Sales Agents or the Forward Sellers shall be sufficient in all respects if delivered or sent to the
addresses listed on Annex II. 

(b) Notices to the Forward Purchasers shall be sufficient in all respects if
delivered or sent to the addresses listed on Annex III. 

(c) Notices to the Company or to the Operating Company
shall be sufficient in all respects if delivered or sent to the Company at the offices of the Company at Welltower Inc., 4500 Dorr Street, Toledo, Ohio 43615, or via fax at (419) 247-2826, Attention:
Matthew McQueen, Executive Vice President Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel. 

Each party to this Agreement and/or a Forward Contract, as the
case may be, may change such address for notices by sending to the parties to this Agreement and/or a Forward Contract, as the case may be, written notice of a new address for such purpose. 

SECTION 11. Parties at Interest. This Agreement and the Forward Contracts have been and are made solely for the benefit of the
Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers, the Forward Purchasers, the Company and the Operating Company and, to the extent provided in Section 7, the controlling persons, affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents
referred to in such section, and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, personal representatives and executors and administrators. No other person, partnership, association or corporation (including a purchaser, as such purchaser, from any of
the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers) shall acquire or have any right under or by virtue of this Agreement. 

42 

SECTION 12. No Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship. Each of the Company and the
Operating Company hereby acknowledges that each of the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length contractual counterparty to the Company and the Operating Company with
respect to the offering of Shares contemplated hereby (including in connection with determining the terms of the transactions contemplated hereby or the Forward Contracts) and owes the Company and the Operating Company only those duties and
obligations set forth in this Agreement and prior written agreements (to the extent not superseded by this Agreement), if any. Each of the Company and the Operating Company further acknowledges that each of the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and
the Forward Purchasers is acting pursuant to a contractual relationship created solely by this Agreement and/or a Forward Contract, each entered into on an arms length basis, and that the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward
Purchasers may have interests that differ from the Company and the Operating Company, and in no event do the parties intend that any of the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the
Company or the Operating Company, or their management, stockholders or creditors or any other person in connection with any activity that the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers may undertake or have undertaken in
furtherance of the purchase and sale of the Companys or the Operating Companys securities, either before or after the date hereof. The transactions contemplated hereby and/or pursuant to a Forward Contract do not constitute a
recommendation, investment advice, or solicitation of any action by the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers. The Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers hereby expressly disclaim any fiduciary or similar
obligations to the Company and the Operating Company, either in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, a Forward Contract or any matters leading up to such transactions, and each of the Company and the Operating Company
hereby confirms its understanding and agreement to that effect. The Company and the Operating Company, the Sales Agents and the Forward Sellers agree that they are each responsible for making their own independent judgments with respect to any such
transactions and that any opinions or views expressed by the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers or the Forward Purchasers, as the case may be, to the Company and the Operating Company regarding such transactions, including, but not limited to, any
opinions or views with respect to the price or market for the Companys and the Operating Companys securities, do not constitute recommendations or investment advice or solicitation of any action by the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers
or the Forward Purchasers. Each of the Company and the Operating Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company and the Operating Company may have against the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers
and the Forward Purchasers with respect to any breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary or similar duty to the Company and/or the Operating Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such
transactions. The Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory, investment or tax advice with respect to the offering of the Shares to the Company, the Operating Company or any
other entity or natural person. 

SECTION 13. Adjustments for Stock Splits. The parties acknowledge and agree that all share
related numbers contained in this Agreement shall be adjusted to take into account any stock split effected with respect to the Shares. 

SECTION 14. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitute the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior and contemporaneous
agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. 

43 

SECTION 15. Amendments and Waivers. This Agreement may not be amended, modified,
supplemented, restated or waived except by a writing executed by the party against which such amendment, modification, supplement, restatement or waiver is sought to be enforced. 

SECTION 16. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. 

(a) 

In the event that a Sales Agent, a Forward Seller or a Forward Purchaser that is a Covered Entity becomes
subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime (as defined herein), the transfer from such Sales Agent, such Forward Seller or such Forward Purchaser of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will
be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(b) 

In the event that a Sales Agent, a Forward Seller or a Forward Purchaser that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act
Affiliate (as defined herein) of such Sales Agent, such Forward Seller or such Forward Purchaser becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights (as defined herein) under this Agreement that may be exercised
against such Sales Agent, such Forward Seller or such Forward Purchaser are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the
laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

For purposes of this Section 16, a BHC
Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered
entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a
covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Rights has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

SECTION 17. Counterparts. This
Agreement may be signed by the parties in one or more counterparts which together shall constitute one and the same agreement among the parties. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in
this Agreement or in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Agreement shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf,
tif or jpg) and other electronic signatures. The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by
electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform
Commercial Code. 

SECTION 18. Law; Construction. This Agreement and any claim, counterclaim or dispute of any kind or nature
whatsoever arising out of or in any way relating to this Agreement (Claim), directly or indirectly, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York. 

44 

SECTION 19. Headings. The Section headings in this Agreement have been inserted
as a matter of convenience of reference and are not a part of this Agreement. 

SECTION 20. Submission to Jurisdiction. Except
as set forth below, no Claim may be commenced, prosecuted or continued in any court other than the courts of the State of New York located in the City and County of New York or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York, which courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over the adjudication of such matters, and each of the Company and the Operating Company consents to the jurisdiction of such courts and personal service with respect thereto. Each of the Sales
Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Company and the Operating Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates) waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or
counterclaim (whether based upon contract, tort or otherwise) in any way arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Each of the Company and the Operating Company agrees that a final judgment in any such action, proceeding or counterclaim brought
in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Company and the Operating Company and may be enforced in any other courts to the jurisdiction of which each of the Company and the Operating Company is or may be subject, by suit upon such
judgment. 

SECTION 21. Successors and Assigns. 

(a) This Agreement shall be binding upon the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers, the Company, the Operating Company and their
successors and assigns and any successor or assign of any substantial portion of the Companys, the Operating Companys, a Sales Agents and a Forward Sellers respective businesses and/or assets. The parties hereby agree that
each Sales Agent may, without notice to the Company or the Operating Company, assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any other registered broker-dealer to which all or substantially all of such Sales Agents investment
banking or related business may be transferred following the date of this Agreement. 

(b) In the event that an entity
acting as Forward Purchaser (the Previous Forward Purchaser) is replaced as a party hereunder by its affiliate (the New Forward Purchaser), then, from the date of such transfer/assignment, the New Forward
Purchaser shall for all purposes of this Agreement be substituted for the Previous Forward Purchaser as a Forward Purchaser party hereto (as assignee of the Previous Forward Purchaser). 

[The Remainder of This Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows] 

45 

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Company, the Operating Company, the
Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this Agreement and your acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement between the parties hereto.
Alternatively, the execution of this Agreement by the Company and the Operating Company, and its acceptance by or on behalf of the Sales Agents, the Forward Sellers and the Forward Purchasers may be evidenced by an exchange of telegraphic or other
written communications. 

Very truly yours,

WELLTOWER INC.

By: 

/s/ Matthew G. McQueen

Name: Matthew G. McQueen

Title: Chief Legal Officer & General Counsel

WELLTOWER OP LLC

By: 

/s/ Matthew G. McQueen

Name: Matthew G. McQueen

Title: President

46 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Gray Hampton

Name: Gray Hampton

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Rohan Handa

Name: Rohan Handa

Title: Managing Director

47 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

BBVA SECURITIES INC.

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Peter Jensen

Name: Peter Jensen

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Annabella Rutigliano

Name: Annabella Rutigliano

Title: Executive Director

By: /s/ Luis Alarcon Gonzalez

Name: Luis Alarcon Gonzalez

Title: Managing Director

48 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP.

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Eric Benedict

Name: Eric Benedict

Title: Co-Head, Global Equity Capital
Markets

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

BANK OF MONTREAL

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Brian Riley

Name: Brian Riley

Title: Managing Director, Global Markets

49 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP.

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Robert McDonald

Name: Robert McDonald

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

BNP PARIBAS

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Robert McDonald

Name: Robert McDonald

Title: Managing Director

By: /s/ Spencer Cherniak

Name: Spencer Cherniak

Title: Managing Director

50 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

BNY MELLON CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Dan Klinger

Name: Dan Klinger

Title: Managing Director

By: /s/ Ben Lichter

Name: Ben Lichter

Title: Senior Vice President

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Ed McGann

Name: Ed McGann

Title: Managing Director

By: /s/ Tim Comerford

Name: Tim Comerford

Title: Director

51 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Warren Fixmer

Name: Warren Fixmer

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

BARCLAYS BANK PLC

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Bradley Diener

Name: Bradley Diener

Title: Authorized Signatory

52 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

CAPITAL ONE SECURITIES, INC.

In its capacity as Sales Agent

By: /s/ Phil Winiecki

Name: Phil Winiecki

Title: Managing Director

53 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Harry Scott

Name: Harry Scott

Title: Vice President

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

CITIBANK, N.A.

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Eric Natelson

Name: Eric Natelson

Title: Authorized Signatory

54 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

CITIZENS JMP SECURITIES, LLC

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Ryan Abbe

Name: Ryan Abbe

Title: Managing Director, Head of Real Estate IB

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

CITIZENS JMP SECURITIES, LLC

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Ryan Abbe

Name: Ryan Abbe

Title: Managing Director, Head of Real Estate IB

55 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

CREDIT AGRICOLE SECURITIES (USA) INC.

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Jean-Marc Nguyen

Name: Jean-Marc Nguyen

Title: Managing Director, Head of Investment Banking

By: /s/ Douglas Cheng

Name: Douglas Cheng

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

CRDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: CREDIT AGRICOLE SECURITIES (USA) INC., AS AGENT

By: /s/ Jean-Marc Nguyen

Name: Jean-Marc Nguyen

Title: Managing Director, Head of Investment Banking

By: /s/ Douglas Cheng

Name: Douglas Cheng

Title: Managing Director

56 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Ben Selinger

Name: Ben Selinger

Title: Managing Director

By: /s/ Joachim Sciard

Name: Joachim Sciard

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, LONDON BRANCH

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., AS AGENT

By: /s/ Natasha Hossain

Name: Natasha Hossain

Title: Director

By: /s/ Joachim Sciard

Name: Joachim Sciard

Title: Managing Director

57 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Ryan Cunn

Name: Ryan Cunn

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Ryan Cunn

Name: Ryan Cunn

Title: Managing Director

58 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

HUNTINGTON SECURITIES, INC.

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Peter Dippolito

Name: Peter Dippolito

Title: Senior Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

HUNTINGTON SECURITIES, INC.

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Peter Dippolito

Name: Peter Dippolito

Title: Senior Managing Director

59 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

JEFFERIES LLC

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Michael Magarro

Name: Michael Magarro

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

JEFFERIES LLC

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Michael Magarro

Name: Michael Magarro

Title: Managing Director

60 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Brett Chalmers

Name: Brett Chalmers

Title: Executive Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Brett Chalmers

Name: Brett Chalmers

Title: Executive Director

61 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS INC.

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Jaryd Banach

Name: Jaryd Banach

Title: Managing Director, Head of REGAL ECM

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS INC.

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Jaryd Banach

Name: Jaryd Banach

Title: Managing Director, Head of REGAL ECM

62 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

LOOP CAPITAL MARKETS LLC

In its capacity as Sales Agent

By: /s/ Cecil Brown

Name: Cecil Brown

Title: Senior Vice President

63 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

MIZUHO SECURITIES USA LLC

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Ivana Rupcic-Hulin

Name: Ivana Rupcic-Hulin

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

MIZUHO MARKETS AMERICAS LLC

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Matthew E. Chiavaroli

Name: Matthew E. Chiavaroli

Title: Authorized Signatory

64 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Daniel Croitoru

Name: Daniel Croitoru

Title: Vice President

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Ellen Weinstein

Name: Ellen Weinstein

Title: Managing Director

65 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

MUFG SECURITIES AMERICAS INC.

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Geoffrey Paul

Name: Geoffrey Paul

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

MUFG SECURITIES EMEA PLC

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Catherine Lucas

Name: Catherine Lucas

Title: Authorised Signatory

66 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Daniel Gabbay

Name: Daniel Gabbay

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Brian Ward

Name:Brian Ward

Title: Managing Director

67 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

REGIONS SECURITIES LLC

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Edward L. Armstrong

Name: Edward L. Armstrong

Title: Managing Director - ECM

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

REGIONS SECURITIES LLC

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Edward L. Armstrong

Name: Edward L. Armstrong

Title: Managing Director - ECM

68 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

SCOTIA CAPITAL (USA) INC.

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Tim Mann

Name: Tim Mann

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Kshamta Kaushik

Name: Kshamta Kaushik

Title: Managing Director

69 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

SYNOVUS SECURITIES, INC.

In its capacity as Sales Agent

By: /s/ Wes Baker

Name: Wes Baker

Title: Investment Banking Principal

70 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Bradford Limpert

Name: Bradford Limpert

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Vanessa Simonetti

Name: Vanessa Simonetti

Title: Managing Director

71 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC.

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Michael Collins

Name: Michael Collins

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

TRUIST BANK

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Michael Collins

Name: Michael Collins

Title: Managing Director

72 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC

In its capacity as Sales Agent and Forward Seller

By: /s/ Rohit Mehta

Name: Rohit Mehta

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

As Forward Purchaser, solely as

the recipient and/or beneficiary of certain

representations, warranties, covenants and

indemnities set forth in this Agreement

By: /s/ Kevin Brillhart

Name: Kevin Brillhart

Title: Managing Director

73 

EXHIBIT A 

TRANSACTION NOTICE 

[DATE] 

[Bank Name] 

[Address] 

Reference is made to the Equity Distribution Agreement among Welltower Inc. (the Company), Welltower OP LLC, the Sales Agents, the Forward
Sellers and the Forward Purchasers, dated March 28, 2025 (the Equity Distribution Agreement). Capitalized terms used in this Transaction Notice without definition shall have the respective definitions ascribed to them in the
Equity Distribution Agreement. This Transaction Notice relates to [an Issuance](1) [a Forward](2). The Company confirms that all conditions to the delivery of this Transaction Notice are satisfied as of the date hereof. 

[The Company confirms that it has not declared and will not declare any dividend, or caused or cause there to be any distribution, on the Common Stock if the ex-dividend date or ex-date, as applicable, for such dividend or distribution will occur during the period from, and including, the first Trading Day of the Forward Hedge
Selling Period to, and including, the last Trading Day of the Forward Hedge Selling Period.](3) 

The Company represents and warrants that each
representation, warranty, covenant and other agreement of the Company contained in the Equity Distribution Agreement [and the related Master Forward Confirmation](4) is true and correct on the date hereof, and that the Prospectus and any applicable
Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference therein, as of the date hereof, do not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

Effective Date of Delivery of Transaction Notice (determined pursuant
to Section 3(c)(ii) of the Equity Distribution Agreement): 

Number of Days in [Issuance](5) [Forward Hedge](6) Selling Period:

First Date of [Issuance](7) [Forward Hedge](8) Selling Period: 

[Issuance](9) [Forward Hedge](10) Amount: $ 

[Forward Hedge
Selling Commission Rate: %](11) 

[Spread: %](12) 

[Initial
Stock Loan Rate: %](13) 

[Maximum Stock Loan Rate: % ](14) 

[Forward Price Reduction Dates Forward Price Reduction Amounts

$

$](15)

Regular Dividend Amounts: 

[For any calendar quarter ending on or prior to [December 31, 20[ ]]: $[ ]](16)

[For any calendar quarter ending after [December 31, 20[ ]: $[ ]](17)

[Term: [Days][Months]](18): 

Exhibit A - 1 

Floor Price (Adjustable by Company during the [Issuance](19) [Forward Hedge](20) Selling Period, and in no
event less than $1.00 per share): $ per share 

(1) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to an Issuance. Up to 20 consecutive Trading Days.

(2) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward. 

(3) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward. 

(4) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward. 

(5) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to an Issuance. 

(6) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward. 

(7) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to an Issuance. 

(8) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward. 

(9) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to an Issuance. 

(10) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward. 

(11) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward. 

(12) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward. 

(13) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward. 

(14) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward. 

(15) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward. 

(16) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward. 

(17) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward. 

(18) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward. 

(19) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to an Issuance. 

(20) 

Insert for a Transaction Notice that relates to a Forward. 

Very truly yours,

WELLTOWER INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

ACCEPTED as of the date first above written 

[SALES AGENT][FORWARD SELLER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

[[FORWARD PURCHASER]

By: 

Name:

Title: ]

Exhibit A - 2 

EXHIBIT B 

1. Each of the Company and the Operating Company is a validly existing corporation and limited liability company, respectively, in good
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with corporate power and authority or limited liability power and authority, as applicable, to own its properties and conduct their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement,
the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. 

2. Each subsidiary listed on Annex B is a validly
existing corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation as set forth opposite its name on Annex B. 

3. The Company has an authorized capitalization as set forth in the Prospectus. The Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and
delivered against payment therefor in accordance with the terms of the Distribution Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. The shares of Common Stock issuable in connection with any Forward Contract (the
Confirmation Shares) have been duly authorized and, when issued and delivered against payment therefor in accordance with the terms of the applicable Forward Contract, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

4. Each of the Company and the Operating Company has all requisite corporate power or limited liability company power, as applicable, to
execute and deliver the Distribution Agreement and to perform its obligations thereunder. The Company has all requisite corporate power to execute and deliver the Master Forward Confirmations and each Supplemental Confirmation executed in connection
with the Master Forward Confirmations, and to perform its obligations thereunder. The execution and delivery by the Company and the Operating Company of the Distribution Agreement and by the Company of the Master Forward Confirmations and the
Supplemental Confirmations executed in connection with the Master Forward Confirmations have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and limited liability company action, as applicable. The Distribution Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by the Company and the Operating Company, and the Master Forward Confirmations (assuming that they were entered into on the date hereof) have been duly executed and delivered by the Company. 

5. The execution and delivery by the Company and the Operating Company of the Distribution Agreement, and by the Company of the Master Forward
Confirmations and each Supplemental Confirmation executed in connection with the Master Forward Confirmation (assuming that such Forward Contracts were entered into on the date hereof), and the consummation of the transactions therein contemplated,
including the issuance and sale of the Shares and the Confirmation Shares and the performance by the Company and the Operating Company of their obligations under the Distribution Agreement, and the Company of its obligations under each Master
Forward Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation executed in connection with the Master Forward Confirmation, as applicable: 

(i) do
not and will not violate the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws or other constitutive documents of the Company or the Operating Company, as applicable; 

(ii) based solely upon review of such agreements, do not and will not result in a breach or default under any agreement to which the Company or
the Operating Company is a party that is identified as material to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, which agreements are listed on Annex C; 

Exhibit B - 1 

(iii) do not and will not (A) violate, or require any filing with or approval of any
governmental authority or regulatory body of the State of New York or the United States of America under, any law, rule or regulation of the State of New York or the United States of America applicable to the Company or the Operating Company that,
in our experience, is generally applicable to transactions in the nature of those contemplated by the Distribution Agreement, (B) violate, or require any filing with or approval of any governmental authority or regulatory body of the State of
Delaware under, the Delaware General Corporation Law or the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or (C) require any filing with or approval of any governmental authority or regulatory body of the United States of America under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), except for such filings or approvals as already have been made or obtained. 

6. Insofar as the statements in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus
under the captions Description of Capital Stock Common Stock purport to summarize the documents referred to therein, such statements fairly present in all material respects the information required to be disclosed under the
Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission relating to registration statements on Form S-3 and prospectuses. The Shares and the Confirmation Shares conform in all material respects to the
description thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. 

7. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the sale of the Shares and the Confirmation Shares and the use of proceeds therefrom as
described in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus and any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, will not be an investment company that is required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the Investment Company Act). For purposes of this paragraph (7), the term investment company has the meanings ascribed to such term in the Investment Company Act. 

Exhibit B - 2 

EXHIBIT C 

(a) The Predecessor had been organized and had operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT pursuant to sections 856
through 860 of the Code for its taxable years ended December 31, 2011 through December 31, 2021; 

(b) The Company has been organized and has
operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT pursuant to sections 856 through 860 of the Code for its taxable years ended December 31, 2022 through December 31, 2024; 

(c) The Companys organization and current and proposed method of operations, if continued, will enable the Company to meet the requirements for
qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code for each of its taxable years ending after December 31, 2024; and 

(d) The discussion contained
under the caption Taxation in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent it constitutes matters of U.S. federal income tax law or legal conclusions relating thereto, and subject to
the limitations, qualifications and assumptions set forth therein, fairly and accurately summarizes in all material respects the matters set forth therein. 

Exhibit C - 1 

SCHEDULE A 

Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses 

None. 

Schedule A - 1 

SCHEDULE B 

Sales Agent Compensation 

The
compensation to a Sales Agent, as an agent of the Company, for the sale of the shares shall not exceed 1.50% of the Sales Price of Issuance Shares sold during a Selling Period. 

Schedule B - 1 

SCHEDULE C 

Form of Master Forward Confirmation 

Schedule C - 1 

To: Welltower Inc.

4500 Dorr Street

Toledo, Ohio 43615

From: [DEALER]

Re: Issuer Share Forward Sale Transactions

Date: [*], 20[*]

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The purpose of this communication (this Master Confirmation) is to set forth the terms and conditions of the transactions
to be entered into from time to time between [Dealer] (Dealer) and Welltower Inc. (Counterparty) in accordance with the terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement, dated March 28, 2025, as may be
amended and/or supplemented from time to time (the Equity Distribution Agreement), between Dealer, Counterparty and the other parties thereto, on one or more Trade Dates specified herein (collectively, the
Transactions and each, a Transaction). This communication constitutes a Confirmation as referred to in the Agreement specified below. Each Transaction will be evidenced by a supplemental confirmation
(each, a Supplemental Confirmation, and each such Supplemental Confirmation, together with this Master Confirmation, a Confirmation for purposes of the Agreement specified below) substantially in the form of
Exhibit A hereto. Each Confirmation will be a confirmation for purposes of Rule 10b-10 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). 

1. Each Confirmation is subject to, and incorporates, the 2002 ISDA Equity Derivatives Definitions (the Equity Definitions), as published
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA). For purposes of the Equity Definitions, each Transaction will be deemed to be a Share Forward Transaction. 

Each Confirmation shall supplement, form a part of and be subject to an agreement (the Agreement) in the form of the 2002
ISDA Master Agreement (the ISDA Form), as published by ISDA, as if Dealer and Counterparty had executed the ISDA Form on the date hereof (but without any Schedule except for (i) the election of New York law (without regard to
New Yorks choice of laws doctrine other than Title 14 of Article 5 of the New York General Obligations Law (the General Obligations Law)) as the governing law and US Dollars (USD) as the Termination
Currency and (ii) the election that the Cross Default provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) of the Agreement shall apply to Dealer and Counterparty with a Threshold Amount in respect of Dealer of 3% of the
[stockholders][members] equity of [Dealer][*]1 and a Threshold Amount in respect of Counterparty of USD150,000,000; provided that (x) the words , or
becoming capable at such time of being declared, shall be deleted from clause (1) thereof, (y) Specified Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 14 of the Agreement, except that such term shall not include
obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of Dealers banking business and (z) the following language shall be added to the end of such Section 

1 

Insert name of dealers parent 

Schedule C - 2 

5(a)(vi): Notwithstanding the foregoing, a default under subsection (2) hereof shall not constitute an Event of Default if (X) the default was caused solely by error or omission
of an administrative or operational nature; (Y) funds were available to enable the party to make the payment when due; and (Z) the payment is made within two Local Business Days of such partys receipt of written notice of its failure
to pay;. 

All provisions contained in the Agreement are incorporated into and shall govern each Confirmation except as expressly
modified below. Each Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between Dealer and Counterparty as to the terms of the relevant Transaction and replaces any previous agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof. 

The Transactions hereunder shall be the sole Transactions under the Agreement. If there exists any ISDA Master Agreement between
Dealer or any of its Affiliates and Counterparty or any confirmation or other agreement between Dealer or any of its Affiliates and Counterparty pursuant to which an ISDA Master Agreement is deemed to exist between Dealer or any of its Affiliates
and Counterparty, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in such ISDA Master Agreement, such confirmation or agreement or any other agreement to which Dealer or such other Affiliates and Counterparty are parties, the Transactions shall not be
considered Transactions under, or otherwise governed by, such existing or deemed ISDA Master Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency among the Agreement, this Master Confirmation, any Supplemental Confirmation and the Equity Definitions, the
following will prevail in the order of precedence indicated: (i) such Supplemental Confirmation; (ii) this Master Confirmation; (iii) the Equity Definitions; and (iv) the Agreement. 

2. The terms of the particular Transactions to which this Master Confirmation relates are as follows: 

General Terms: 

Trade Date: For each Transaction, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction, to be, subject to the provisions opposite the caption Early Valuation below, the last Trading Day (as defined in the Equity
Distribution Agreement) of the Forward Hedge Selling Period (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement) for such Transaction (or if the Forward Hedge Selling Period is a single Trading Day, such Trading Day).

Effective Date: For each Transaction, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction, to be the date that is one Settlement Cycle following the Trade Date for such Transaction, or such later date on which the conditions set
forth in Section 3 of this Master Confirmation shall have been satisfied.

Buyer: Dealer

Schedule C - 3 

Seller: Counterparty

Maturity Date: For each Transaction, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction, to be the earlier of (i) the date that follows the Trade Date for such Transaction by the number of days or months set forth in the
Transaction Notice (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement) for such Transaction (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) and (ii) the date the Number of Shares is reduced to
zero.

Shares: The shares of common stock, par value USD1.00 per Share, of Counterparty (Ticker: WELL)

Number of Shares: For each Transaction, initially, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction, to be the number of Shares equal to the Actual Sold Forward Amount (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement) for the
Forward Hedge Selling Period for such Transaction, as reduced on each Relevant Settlement Date (as defined under Settlement Terms below) by the number of Settlement Shares to which the related Valuation Date relates.

Settlement Currency: USD

Exchange: The New York Stock Exchange

Related Exchange: All Exchanges

Prepayment: Not Applicable

Variable Obligation: Not Applicable

Forward Price: For each Transaction, on the Effective Date for such Transaction, the Initial Forward Price for such Transaction, and on any calendar day thereafter, the product of the Forward Price for such Transaction on the immediately preceding
calendar day and

1 + the Daily Rate * (1/365);

provided that the Forward Price for such Transaction on each Forward Price Reduction Date for such Transaction shall be the Forward Price for such Transaction otherwise in effect on such date minus the Forward Price
Reduction Amount for such Forward Price Reduction Date.

Schedule C - 4 

Initial Forward Price: For each Transaction, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction, to be the product of (i) an amount equal to 1 minus the Forward Hedge Selling Commission Rate (as defined in the Equity
Distribution Agreement) applicable to such Transaction; and (ii) the Volume-Weighted Hedge Price, subject to adjustment, including without limitation for any Forward Price Reduction Amount corresponding to any Forward Price Reduction Date
occurring on or prior to the Effective Date.

Volume-Weighted Hedge Price: For each Transaction, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction, to be the volume-weighted average of the Sales Prices (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement) per share of Forward Hedge Shares (as
defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement) sold by Dealer (or its agent or affiliate) on each Trading Day of the Forward Hedge Selling Period for such Transaction, as determined by the Calculation Agent; provided that, solely for the
purposes of calculating the Initial Forward Price, each such Sales Price (other than the Sales Price for the last day of the relevant Forward Hedge Selling Period) shall be subject to adjustment by the Calculation Agent in the same manner as the
Forward Price pursuant to the definition thereof during the period from, and including, the date one Settlement Cycle immediately following the first Trading Day of the relevant Forward Hedge Selling Period on which the Forward Hedge Shares related
to such Sales Price are sold to, and including, the Effective Date of such Transaction.

Daily Rate: For any day, the Overnight Bank Funding Rate minus the Spread.

Spread: For each Transaction, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction.

Overnight Bank Funding Rate: For any day, the rate set forth for the Currency Business Day immediately preceding such day opposite the caption Overnight Bank Funding Rate, as such rate is displayed on the page OBFR01 on the BLOOMBERG
Professional Service, or any successor page; provided that if no such rate appears for any day on such page, the rate for the immediately preceding day for which a rate appears shall be used for such
day.

Schedule C - 5 

Forward Price Reduction Dates: For each Transaction, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction, to be each date set forth under the heading Forward Price Reduction Date in the Transaction Notice for such Transaction.

Forward Price Reduction Amount: For each Forward Price Reduction Date, the Forward Price Reduction Amount set forth opposite such date in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction.

Valuation: 

Valuation Date: For any Settlement (as defined below) with respect to any Transaction, if Physical Settlement is applicable, as designated in the relevant Settlement Notice (as defined below); or if Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement is
applicable, the last Unwind Date for such Settlement. Section 6.6 of the Equity Definitions shall not apply to any Valuation Date.

Unwind Dates: For any Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement with respect to any Settlement of any Transaction, each day on which Dealer (or its agent or affiliate) purchases Shares in the market in connection with unwinding its commercially
reasonable hedge position in connection with such Settlement, starting on the First Unwind Date for such Settlement.

First Unwind Date: For any Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement with respect to any Settlement of any Transaction, as designated in the relevant Settlement Notice.

Unwind Period: For any Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement with respect to any Settlement of any Transaction, the period starting on the First Unwind Date for such Settlement and ending on the Valuation Date for such Settlement.

Valuation Disruption: If Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement is applicable with respect to any Transaction and any Unwind Date during the related Unwind Period is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine whether (i) such Disrupted
Day is a Disrupted Day in full, in which case the 10b-18 VWAP for such Disrupted Day shall not be included in the calculation of the Settlement Price, or (ii) such Disrupted Day is a Disrupted Day only in
part, in which case the 10b-18 VWAP for such Disrupted Day shall be determined by the Calculation Agent based on Rule 10b-18 eligible transactions (as defined below) in
the Shares on such Disrupted Day, taking into account the nature and duration of the relevant Market Disruption Event, and the weightings of the
10b-18

Schedule C - 6 

VWAP for each Unwind Date during such Unwind Period shall be adjusted in a commercially reasonable manner by the Calculation Agent for purposes of determining the Settlement Price to account for the occurrence of such partially
Disrupted Day, with such adjustments based on, among other factors, the duration of any Market Disruption Event and the volume, historical trading patterns and price of the Shares.

Market Disruption Event: The definition of Market Disruption Event in Section 6.3(a) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words at any time during the one-hour period that
ends at the relevant Valuation Time, Latest Exercise Time, Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be and inserting the words at
any time on any Exchange Business Day during the Unwind Period after the word material, in the third line thereof.

Section 6.3(d) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the remainder of the provision following the term Scheduled Closing Time in the fourth line thereof.

Settlement Terms: 

Settlement: With respect to any Transaction, any Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement of all or any portion of such Transaction.

Settlement Notice: For any Transaction, subject to Early Valuation below, Counterparty may elect to effect a Settlement of all or any portion of such Transaction by designating one or more Scheduled Trading Days following the Effective
Date for such Transaction and on or prior to the Maturity Date for such Transaction to be Valuation Dates (or, with respect to Cash Settlements or Net Share Settlements of such Transaction, First Unwind Dates, each of which First Unwind Dates shall
occur no later than the 45th Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date for such Transaction) in a written notice to Dealer (a Settlement Notice) delivered no later than the applicable Settlement Method Election
Date for such Transaction, which notice shall also specify (i) the number of Shares (the Settlement Shares) for such Settlement (not to exceed the number of Undesignated Shares for such Transaction as of the date of such
Settlement Notice) and (ii) the Settlement Method applicable to such Settlement; provided that (A) Counterparty may not designate a First Unwind Date for a

Schedule C - 7 

Cash Settlement or a Net Share Settlement of any Transaction if, as of the date of such Settlement Notice, any Shares have been designated as Settlement Shares for a Cash Settlement or a Net Share Settlement of such Transaction for
which the related Relevant Settlement Date has not occurred; and (B) if the number of Undesignated Shares as of the Maturity Date for such Transaction is not zero, then the Maturity Date for such Transaction shall be a Valuation Date for a
Physical Settlement of such Transaction and the number of Settlement Shares for such Settlement shall be the number of Undesignated Shares for such Transaction as of the Maturity Date for such Transaction (provided that if such Maturity Date
occurs during the period from the time any Settlement Notice is given for a Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement of such Transaction until the related Relevant Settlement Date, inclusive, then the provisions set forth below opposite Early
Valuation shall apply to such Transaction as if the Maturity Date for such Transaction were the Early Valuation Date for such Transaction).

Undesignated Shares: For any Transaction, as of any date, the Number of Shares for such Transaction minus the number of Shares designated as Settlement Shares for Settlements of such Transaction for which the related Relevant Settlement Date has not
occurred.

Settlement Method Election: For any Transaction, applicable; provided that:

(i) Net Share Settlement shall be deemed to be included as an additional settlement method under Section 7.1 of the Equity Definitions;

(ii) Counterparty may elect Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement for any Settlement of any Transaction only if Counterparty represents and warrants to Dealer in the Settlement Notice containing such election that, as of
the date of such Settlement Notice, (A) Counterparty is not aware of any material nonpublic information concerning itself or the Shares, (B) Counterparty is electing the settlement method and designating the First Unwind Date specified in
such Settlement Notice in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade compliance with Rule 10b-5 under the Exchange Act (Rule 10b-5) or
any other provision of the federal securities laws, (C) Counterparty is not insolvent (as such term is defined under Section 101(32) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (Title 11 of the United States Code) (the Bankruptcy
Code)), (D) Counterparty would be able to purchase a number of Shares equal to the greater of (x) the

Schedule C - 8 

number of Settlement Shares designated in such Settlement Notice and (y) a number of Shares with a value as of the date of such Settlement Notice equal to the product of (I) such number of Settlement Shares and
(II) the applicable Relevant Forward Price for such Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement in compliance with the laws of Counterpartys jurisdiction of organization and (E) such election, and settlement in accordance therewith, does
not and will not violate or conflict with any law or regulation applicable to Counterparty or any terms or commitments applicable to Counterparty under any financial assistance, relief, program or facility established under such applicable law
(including in each case in respect of restrictions on Counterparty directly or indirectly purchasing Shares), or any order or judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, and any governmental consents
that are required to have been obtained by Counterparty with respect to such election or settlement have been obtained and are in full force and effect and all conditions of any such consents have been complied with; and

(iii) Notwithstanding any election to the contrary in any Settlement Notice, Physical Settlement shall be applicable for any Settlement of any Transaction:

(A) to all of the Settlement Shares designated in such Settlement Notice if, at any
time from the date such Settlement Notice is received by Dealer until the related First Unwind Date, inclusive, (I) the trading price per Share on the Exchange (as determined by Dealer in a commercially reasonable manner) is below the Threshold
Price or (II) Dealer determines, in its good faith and commercially reasonable judgment, that it would, after using commercially reasonable efforts, be unable to purchase a number of Shares in the market sufficient to unwind a commercially
reasonable hedge position in respect of the portion of the Transaction represented by such Settlement Shares and satisfy its delivery obligation hereunder, if any, by the Maturity Date (x) in a manner that (A) would, if Dealer were
Counterparty or an affiliated purchaser of Counterparty, be subject to the safe harbor provided by Rule 10b-18(b) and (B) based on advice of counsel, would not raise material risks under applicable
securities laws or (y) due to the lack of sufficient liquidity in the Shares (each, a Trading Condition); or

Schedule C - 9 

(B) to all or a portion of the Settlement Shares designated in such Settlement Notice
if, on any day during the relevant Unwind Period, (I) the trading price per Share on the Exchange (as determined by Dealer in a commercially reasonable manner) is below the Threshold Price or (II) Dealer determines, in its good faith and
commercially reasonable judgment or based on advice of counsel, as applicable, that a Trading Condition has occurred with respect to such Transaction, in which case the provisions set forth below in the fourth paragraph opposite Early
Valuation shall apply as if such day were the Early Valuation Date for such Transaction and (x) for purposes of clause (i) of such paragraph, such day shall be the last Unwind Date of such Unwind Period and the Unwound
Shares shall be calculated to, and including, such day and (y) for purposes of clause (ii) of such paragraph, the Remaining Shares shall be equal to the number of Settlement Shares designated in such Settlement Notice
minus the Unwound Shares determined in accordance with clause (x) of this sentence.

Threshold Price: For each Transaction, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction, to be 50% of the Initial Forward Price for such Transaction.

Electing Party: Counterparty

Settlement Method Election Date: With respect to any Settlement of any Transaction, the 2nd Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding (x) the Valuation Date for such Transaction, in the case of Physical Settlement, or (y) the First Unwind Date for such
Transaction, in the case of Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement.

Default Settlement Method: Physical Settlement

Physical Settlement: Notwithstanding Section 9.2(a)(i) of the Equity Definitions, on the Settlement Date for any Physical Settlement of any Transaction, Dealer shall pay to Counterparty an amount in USD equal to the Forward Price for such
Transaction on the relevant Settlement Date multiplied by the number of Settlement Shares for such Settlement, and Counterparty shall deliver to Dealer such Settlement Shares.

Schedule C - 10 

If, on any Settlement Date, the Shares to be delivered by Counterparty to Dealer hereunder are not so delivered (the Deferred Shares), and a Forward Price Reduction Date occurs during the period from, and
including, such Settlement Date to, but excluding, the date such Shares are actually delivered to Dealer, then the portion of the Physical Settlement Amount payable by Dealer to Counterparty in respect of the Deferred Shares shall be reduced by an
amount equal to the Forward Price Reduction Amount for such Forward Price Reduction Date, multiplied by the number of Deferred Shares.

Settlement Date: For any Settlement of any Transaction to which Physical Settlement is applicable, the Valuation Date for such Settlement.

Net Share Settlement: On the Net Share Settlement Date for any Settlement of any Transaction to which Net Share Settlement is applicable, if the Net Share Settlement Amount for such Settlement is greater than zero, Counterparty shall deliver a number of
Shares equal to such Net Share Settlement Amount (rounded down to the nearest integer) to Dealer, and if such Net Share Settlement Amount is less than zero, Dealer shall deliver a number of Shares equal to the absolute value of such Net Share
Settlement Amount (rounded down to the nearest integer) to Counterparty, in either case, in accordance with Section 9.4 of the Equity Definitions, with such Net Share Settlement Date deemed to be a Settlement Date for purposes of
such Section 9.4, and, in either case, plus cash in lieu of any fractional Shares included in such Net Share Settlement Amount but not delivered due to rounding required hereby, valued at the relevant Settlement Price.

Net Share Settlement Date: For any Settlement of any Transaction to which Net Share Settlement is applicable, the date that follows the Valuation Date for such Settlement by one Settlement Cycle.

Net Share Settlement Amount: For any Settlement of any Transaction to which Net Share Settlement is applicable, an amount equal to the Forward Cash Settlement Amount for such Settlement dividedby the Settlement Price for such
Settlement.

Schedule C - 11 

Forward Cash Settlement Amount: Notwithstanding Section 8.5(c) of the Equity Definitions, the Forward Cash Settlement Amount for any Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement of any Transaction shall be equal to (i) the number of Settlement Shares for such
Settlement multiplied by (ii) an amount equal to (A) the Settlement Price for such Settlement minus (B) the Relevant Forward Price for such Settlement.

Relevant Forward Price: For any Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement of any Transaction, subject to Valuation Disruption above, the arithmetic average of the Forward Prices for such Transaction on each Unwind Date relating to such
Settlement.

Settlement Price: For any Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement of any Transaction, subject to Valuation Disruption above, the arithmetic average of the 10b-18 VWAP on each Unwind Date relating to
such Settlement, plus a commercially reasonable commission, determined by the Calculation Agent, related to Dealers purchase of Shares in connection with the unwind of its commercially reasonable hedge position, which in no event will
exceed USD0.03.

10b-18 VWAP: For any Exchange Business Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent based on the New York 10b-18 Volume Weighted Average Price per Share for the regular trading session (including any
extensions thereof) of the Exchange on such Exchange Business Day (without regard to pre-open or after hours trading outside of such regular trading session for such Exchange Business Day), as published by
Bloomberg at 4:15 p.m. New York time (or 15 minutes following the end of any extension of the regular trading session) on such Exchange Business Day, on Bloomberg page WELL AQR_SEC (or any successor thereto), or if such
price is not so reported on such Exchange Business Day for any reason or is, in the Calculation Agents reasonable determination, erroneous, such 10b-18 VWAP shall be as reasonably determined by the
Calculation Agent. For purposes of calculating the 10b-18 VWAP for such Exchange Business Day, the Calculation Agent will include only those trades that are reported during the period of time during which
Counterparty could purchase its own shares under Rule 10b-18(b)(2) and are effected pursuant to the conditions of Rule 10b-18(b)(3), (such trades, Rule 10b-18 eligible transactions).

Schedule C - 12 

Unwind Activities: The times and prices at which Dealer (or its agent or affiliate) purchases any Shares during any Unwind Period in connection with unwinding its commercially reasonable hedge position in respect of each Transaction shall be
determined by Dealer in a commercially reasonable manner, with such prices reflecting the prevailing market prices of the Shares. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that Dealer concludes, in its reasonable discretion
based on advice of counsel, that it is appropriate with respect to any legal, regulatory or self-regulatory requirements or related policies and procedures (whether or not such requirements, policies or procedures are imposed by law or have been
voluntarily adopted by Dealer) (a Regulatory Disruption), for it to refrain from purchasing Shares in connection with unwinding its commercially reasonable hedge position in respect of such Transaction on any Scheduled Trading Day
that would have been an Unwind Date but for the occurrence of a Regulatory Disruption, Dealer may (but shall not be required to) notify Counterparty in writing that a Regulatory Disruption has occurred on such Scheduled Trading Day with respect to
such Transaction, in which case Dealer shall, to the extent practicable in its good faith discretion, specify the nature of such Regulatory Disruption, and, for the avoidance of doubt, such Scheduled Trading Day shall not be an Unwind Date for such
Transaction and such Regulatory Disruption shall be deemed to be a Market Disruption Event; provided that Dealer may exercise its right to suspend under this sentence only in good faith in relation to events or circumstances that are not the
result of actions of it or any of its Affiliates that are taken with the intent to avoid its obligations under the Transactions.

Relevant Settlement Date: For any Settlement of any Transaction, the Settlement Date, Cash Settlement Payment Date or Net Share Settlement Date for such Settlement, as the case may be.

Other Applicable Provisions: To the extent Dealer is obligated to deliver Shares under any Transaction, the provisions of Sections 9.2 (last sentence only), 9.8, 9.9, 9.10, 9.11 and 9.12 of the Equity Definitions will be applicable as if Physical
Settlement applied to such Transaction; provided that the Representation and Agreement contained in Section 9.11 of the Equity Definitions shall be modified by excluding any representations therein relating to restrictions,
obligations, limitations or requirements under applicable securities laws that exist as a result of the fact that Counterparty is the issuer of the Shares.

Schedule C - 13 

Share Adjustments: 

Potential Adjustment Events: An Extraordinary Dividend shall not constitute a Potential Adjustment Event. For the avoidance of doubt, a cash dividend on the Shares that differs from expected dividends as of the first Trading Day of the Forward Hedge Selling
Period for such Transaction shall not be a Potential Adjustment Event under Section 11.2(e)(vii) of the Equity Definitions with respect to such Transaction.

Extraordinary Dividend: For any Transaction, any dividend or distribution on the Shares with an ex-dividend date occurring on any day following the first Trading Day of the Forward Hedge Selling Period for such
Transaction (other than (i) any dividend or distribution of the type described in Section 11.2(e)(i) or Section 11.2(e)(ii)(A) of the Equity Definitions or (ii) a regular, quarterly cash dividend in an amount equal to or less
than the Regular Dividend Amount for such calendar quarter for such Transaction that has an ex-dividend date no earlier than the Forward Price Reduction Date occurring in the relevant quarter for such
Transaction).

Regular Dividend Amount: For each Transaction and for each calendar quarter, the amount set forth under the heading Regular Dividend Amount in the Transaction Notice for such Transaction and for such calendar quarter (or, if no such amount is
specified, zero), as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, the terms of such Transaction shall not be adjusted for the Regular Dividend Amount.

Method of Adjustment: Calculation Agent Adjustment

Extraordinary Events: 

Extraordinary Events: The consequences that would otherwise apply under Article 12 of the Equity Definitions to any applicable Extraordinary Event (excluding any Failure to Deliver, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow or any
Extraordinary Event that also constitutes a Bankruptcy Termination Event, but including, for the avoidance of doubt, any other applicable Additional Disruption Event) shall not apply.

Schedule C - 14 

Tender Offer: Applicable; provided that Section 12.1(d) of the Equity Definitions shall be amended by replacing the reference therein to 10% with a reference to 20%.

Delisting: In addition to the provisions of Section 12.6(a)(iii) of the Equity Definitions, it shall also constitute a Delisting if the Exchange is located in the United States and the Shares are not immediately re-listed,re-traded or re-quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ Global Select Market or the NASDAQ Global Market
(or their respective successors); if the Shares are immediately re-listed,re-traded or re-quoted on any such exchange or
quotation system, such exchange or quotation system shall be deemed to be the Exchange.

Additional Disruption Events: 

Change in Law: Applicable; provided that (A) any determination as to whether (i) the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) or (ii) the promulgation of or
any change in or public announcement of the formal or informal interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), in each
case, constitutes a Change in Law shall be made without regard to Section 739 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 or any similar legal certainty provision in any legislation enacted, or rule or
regulation promulgated, on or after the Trade Date, (B) Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended (i) by adding the words (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, adoption or
promulgation of new regulations authorized or mandated by existing statute) after the word regulation in the second line thereof and (ii) by replacing the words the interpretation with the words or public
announcement of any formal or informal interpretation in the third line thereof and (C) the words , unless the illegality is due to an act or omission of the party seeking to elect termination of the Transaction with the intent to
avoid its obligations under the terms of the Transaction are added immediately following the word Transaction in the fifth line thereof; and provided further that Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby
amended by adding the phrase and/or Hedge Position after the word Shares in clause (X) thereof and (iii) by immediately following the word Transaction in clause (X) thereof, adding the phrase
in the manner contemplated by the Hedging Party on the Trade Date.

Schedule C - 15 

Failure to Deliver: Applicable with respect to a Transaction if Dealer is required to deliver Shares under such Transaction; otherwise, Not Applicable.

Hedging Disruption: Applicable

Increased Cost of Hedging: Applicable; provided that Section 12.9(b)(vi) of the Equity Definitions shall be amended by (i) adding the word or before clause (B) of the second sentence thereof, (ii) deleting clause
(C) of the second sentence thereof and (iii) deleting the third and fourth sentences thereof.

Increased Cost of Stock Borrow: Applicable; provided that Section 12.9(b)(v) of the Equity Definitions shall be amended by (i) adding the word or before clause (B) of the second sentence thereof, (ii) deleting clause
(C) of the second sentence thereof and (iii) deleting the third, fourth and fifth sentences thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, upon the announcement of any event that, if consummated, would result in a Merger Event or Tender Offer, the
term rate to borrow Shares as used in Section 12.9(a)(viii) of the Equity Definitions shall include any commercially reasonable cost borne or amount payable by the Hedging Party in respect of maintaining, adjusting or reestablishing
its commercially reasonable hedge position with respect to the relevant Transaction, including, but not limited to, any assessment or other amount payable by the Hedging Party to a lender of Shares in respect of any merger or tender offer premium,
as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, for each Transaction, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow shall apply from the beginning of the Forward Hedge Selling Period for such Transaction.

Initial Stock Loan Rate: For each Transaction, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction.

Loss of Stock Borrow: Applicable; provided that Section 12.9(b)(iv) of the Equity Definitions shall be amended by (i) deleting clause (A) of the first sentence thereof in its entirety and (ii) deleting the words neither
the Non-Hedging Party nor the Lending Party lends Shares in the amount of the Hedging Shares or in the second sentence thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, for each Transaction, Loss of Stock Borrow
shall apply from the beginning of the Forward Hedge Selling Period for such Transaction.

Schedule C - 16 

Maximum Stock Loan Rate: For each Transaction, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction.

Hedging Party: For all applicable Additional Disruption Events, Dealer

Determining Party: For all applicable Extraordinary Events, Dealer

Early Valuation: 

Early Valuation: For any Transaction, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the Agreement, in any Supplemental Confirmation or in the Equity Definitions, at any time (x) following the occurrence of a Hedging Event with respect to
such Transaction, the declaration by Issuer of an Extraordinary Dividend, or an ISDA Event with respect to such Transaction or (y) if an Excess Section 13 Ownership Position, an Excess NYSE Ownership Position or an Excess Regulatory
Ownership Position exists, Dealer (or, in the case of such an ISDA Event that is an Event of Default or Termination Event, the party entitled to designate an Early Termination Date in respect of such event pursuant to Section 6 of the
Agreement) shall have the right to designate any Scheduled Trading Day to be the Early Valuation Date for such Transaction, in which case the provisions set forth in this Early Valuation section shall apply to such
Transaction, in the case of an Event of Default or Termination Event, in lieu of Section 6 of the Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, any amount calculated pursuant to this Early Valuation section as a result of an Extraordinary
Dividend shall not be adjusted by the value associated with such Extraordinary Dividend.

Dealer represents and warrants to and agrees with Counterparty that (i) based upon advice of counsel, Dealer (A) does not know of the existence on the first Trading Day of the relevant Forward Hedge Selling Period of an
Excess Section 13 Ownership Position, an Excess NYSE Ownership Position or an Excess Regulatory Ownership Position and (B) based on reasonable internal inquiry in the ordinary course of Dealers business does not know on the first
Trading Day of the relevant Forward Hedge Selling Period of any event or circumstance that will cause the occurrence of an Excess Section 13 Ownership Position, an Excess NYSE Ownership Position or an Excess
Regulatory

Schedule C - 17 

Ownership Position on any day during the term of such Transaction; and (ii) Dealer will not knowingly cause the occurrence of an Excess Section 13 Ownership Position, an Excess NYSE Ownership Position or an Excess
Regulatory Ownership Position on any day during the term of any Transaction for the purpose, in whole or in part, of causing the occurrence of an Early Valuation Date.

If an Early Valuation Date for a Transaction occurs on a date that is not during an Unwind Period for such Transaction, then such Early Valuation Date shall be a Valuation Date for a Physical Settlement of such Transaction, and
the number of Settlement Shares for such Settlement shall be the Number of Shares on such Early Valuation Date; provided that Dealer may in its sole discretion permit Counterparty to elect Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement in respect of
such Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Master Confirmation, any Supplemental Confirmation, the Agreement or the Equity Definitions, if Dealer designates an Early Valuation Date with respect to a Transaction following the
occurrence of an ISDA Event and such Early Valuation Date is to occur before the date that is one Settlement Cycle after the last day of the Forward Hedge Selling Period for such Transaction, then, for purposes of such Early Valuation Date,
(i) a Supplemental Confirmation relating to such Transaction shall, notwithstanding the provisions under Section 3 below, be deemed to be effective; and (ii) the Forward Price shall be deemed to be the Initial Forward Price
(calculated assuming that the last Trading Day of such Forward Hedge Selling Period were the day immediately following the date Dealer so notifies Counterparty of such designation of an Early Valuation Date for purposes of such Early Valuation
Date).

If an Early Valuation Date for a Transaction occurs during an Unwind Period for such Transaction, then (i) (A) the last Unwind Date of such Unwind Period shall be deemed to be such Early Valuation Date, (B) a Settlement
shall occur in respect of such Unwind Period, and the Settlement Method elected by Counterparty in respect of such Settlement shall apply, and (C) the number of Settlement Shares for such Settlement shall be the number of Unwound Shares for
such Unwind Period on such Early Valuation Date, and (ii) (A) such Early Valuation Date shall be a Valuation Date for an additional Physical Settlement of such Transaction (provided that Dealer may in its sole discretion elect that the
Settlement Method elected by Counterparty for the Settlement described in clause (i) of this sentence shall apply) and (B) the number of Settlement Shares for such additional Settlement shall be the number of Remaining Shares on such Early
Valuation Date.

Schedule C - 18 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Nationalization or Merger Event, if at the time of the related Relevant Settlement Date the Shares have changed into cash or any other property or the right to receive cash or any
other property, the Calculation Agent shall adjust the nature of the Shares as it determines appropriate to account for such change such that the nature of the Shares is consistent with what holders of the Shares receive in such event.

ISDA Event: (i) Any Event of Default or Termination Event, other than an Event of Default or Termination Event that also constitutes a Bankruptcy Termination Event, that gives rise to the right of either party to designate an Early Termination
Date pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement or (ii) the announcement of any event or transaction on or after the first Trading Day of the Forward Hedge Selling Period for such Transaction that, if consummated, would result in a Merger
Event, Tender Offer, Nationalization, Delisting or Change in Law, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

Amendment to Merger Event: Section 12.1(b) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the remainder of such Section beginning with the words in each case if the Merger Date is on or before in the fourth to last line
thereof.

Hedging Event: In respect of any Transaction, the occurrence of any of the following events on or following the first Trading Day of the Forward Hedge Selling Period: (i) (x) a Loss of Stock Borrow in connection with which Counterparty does
not refer the Hedging Party to a satisfactory Lending Party within the required time period as provided in Section 12.9(b)(iv) of the Equity Definitions or (y) a Hedging Disruption, (ii) (A) an Increased Cost of Stock Borrow or
(B) an Increased Cost of Hedging in connection with which, in the case of sub-clause (A) or (B), Counterparty does not elect, and so notify the Hedging Party of its election, in each case, within the
required time period to either amend such Transaction pursuant to Section 12.9(b)(v)(A) or Section 12.9(b)(vi)(A) of the Equity Definitions, as applicable, or pay an amount determined by the Calculation Agent that corresponds to the
relevant Price Adjustment pursuant to Section 12.9(b)(v)(B) or Section 12.9(b)(vi)(B) of the Equity Definitions, as

Schedule C - 19 

applicable, or (iii) a Market Disruption Event during an Unwind Period for such Transaction and the continuance of such Market Disruption Event for at least eight Scheduled Trading Days. In respect of any Transaction, if a
Hedging Event occurs with respect to such Transaction on or after the first Trading Day of the Forward Hedge Selling Period (as each such term is defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement) for such Transaction and prior to the Trade Date for such
Transaction, the Calculation Agent may reduce the Initial Forward Price to account for such Hedging Event and any commercially reasonable costs or expenses incurred by Dealer in relation to its commercially reasonable hedge position as a result of
such Hedging Event.

Remaining Shares: For any Transaction, on any day, the Number of Shares for such Transaction as of such day (or, if such day occurs during an Unwind Period for such Transaction, the Number of Shares for such Transaction as of such day minus the
Unwound Shares for such Transaction for such Unwind Period on such day).

Unwound Shares: For any Transaction, for any Unwind Period in respect of such Transaction on any day, the aggregate number of Shares with respect to which Dealer has unwound its commercially reasonable hedge position in respect of such Transaction
in connection with the related Settlement as of such day.

Acknowledgements: 

Non-Reliance: Applicable

Agreements and Acknowledgements Regarding Hedging Activities: Applicable

Additional Acknowledgements: Applicable

Transfer: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, Dealer may assign, transfer and set over all rights, title and interest, powers, privileges, obligations and remedies of Dealer under any Transaction, in whole or in part,
to (i) an affiliate of Dealer whose obligation is guaranteed by Dealer or Dealers [ultimate] parent or (ii) an affiliate with credit quality equivalent to the higher of Dealer or Dealers [ultimate] parent without the consent of
Counterparty; provided that no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default shall have occurred with respect to either party solely

Schedule C - 20 

as a result of such assignment, transfer or set over. Subsequent to such assignment, transfer or set over, Counterparty will neither, as a
result of such assignment, transfer or set over, (1) be required to pay an additional amount in respect of an Indemnifiable Tax under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement, except to the extent that such additional amounts were payable to
the assignor, transferor or other recipient of rights, title and interest, powers, privileges, obligations and remedies immediately before the assignment, transfer or set over, nor (2) receive a payment from which an amount has been deducted or
withheld for or on account of any Indemnifiable Tax in respect of which the other party is not required to pay an additional amount, except to the extent that such additional amounts were not payable by the assignor, transferor or other recipient of
rights, title and interest, powers, privileges, obligations and remedies immediately before the assignment, transfer or set over. In addition, the Dealer shall indemnify Counterparty for any transfer tax imposed as a result of such transfer or
assignment.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, Dealer may
designate any of its affiliates to purchase, sell, receive or deliver such shares or other securities and otherwise to perform Dealers obligations in respect of any Transaction hereunder and any such designee may assume such obligations
without the written consent of Counterparty. Dealer shall be discharged of its obligations to Counterparty solely to the extent of any such performance. For the avoidance of doubt, Dealer hereby acknowledges that notwithstanding any such designation
hereunder, to the extent any of Dealers obligations in respect of any Transaction are not completed by its designee, Dealer shall be obligated to continue to perform or to cause any other of its designees to perform in respect of such
obligations.

Calculation Agent: Dealer; provided that, following the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 5(a)(vii) of the Agreement with respect to which Dealer is the sole Defaulting Party, Counterparty
shall have the right to select a leading dealer in the market for U.S. corporate equity derivatives reasonably acceptable to Dealer to replace Dealer as Calculation Agent, and the parties shall work in good faith to execute any appropriate
documentation required by such replacement Calculation Agent. Following any determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent hereunder, upon a written request by Counterparty, the

Schedule C - 21 

Calculation Agent will, within a commercially reasonable period of time following such request, provide to Counterparty by e-mail to the e-mail address provided by Counterparty in such written request a report (in a commonly used file format for the storage and manipulation of financial data)
displaying in reasonable detail the basis for such determination or calculation, as the case may be; provided that Dealer shall not be required to disclose any proprietary or confidential models of Dealer or any information that Dealer
reasonably believes is proprietary or subject to contractual, legal or regulatory obligations to not disclose such information.

Counterparty Payment/Delivery Instructions:

To be provided by Counterparty

Dealer Payment/Delivery Instructions:

To be provided by Dealer

The Office of Counterparty for the Transaction is:

Inapplicable, Counterparty is not a Multibranch Party

The Office of Dealer for the Transaction is:

[New York][Toronto][Charlotte][Cleveland][*]

Counterpartys Contact Details for Purpose of Giving Notice:

As specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction.

Dealers Contact Details for Purpose of Giving Notice: As specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction.

3. 

Effectiveness. 

The effectiveness of each Supplemental Confirmation and the related Transaction on the Effective Date for such Supplemental Confirmation shall
be subject to the following conditions: 

(a) 

the representations and warranties of Counterparty contained in the Equity Distribution Agreement, and any
certificate delivered pursuant thereto, by Counterparty shall be true and correct on such Effective Date as if made as of such Effective Date; 

(b) 

Counterparty shall have performed all of the obligations required to be performed by it under the Equity
Distribution Agreement on or prior to such Effective Date; 

(c) 

all of the conditions set forth in Section 6 of the Equity Distribution Agreement shall have been
satisfied; 

Schedule C - 22 

(d) 

the Forward Date (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement) shall have occurred as provided in the
Equity Distribution Agreement; 

(e) 

all of the representations and warranties of Counterparty hereunder and under the Agreement shall be true and
correct on such Effective Date as if made as of such Effective Date; 

(f) 

Counterparty shall have performed all of the obligations required to be performed by it hereunder and under the
Agreement on or prior to such Effective Date, including without limitation its obligations under Section 6 hereof; and 

(g) 

Counterparty shall have delivered to Dealer an opinion of counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Dealer, with respect to the matters set forth in Section 3(a) of the Agreement and that the maximum number of Shares initially issuable under such Transaction have been duly authorized and, upon issuance pursuant to the terms of such
Transaction, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Master
Confirmation or any Supplemental Confirmation, if in respect of any Transaction (x) on or prior to 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on any Settlement Date (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement), in connection with establishing its
commercially reasonable hedge position in respect of such Transaction, Dealer is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow and deliver for sale the full number of Shares to be borrowed and sold pursuant to the Equity
Distribution Agreement on such Settlement Date or (y) in Dealers commercially reasonable judgment, it would incur a stock loan cost of more than a rate equal to the Maximum Stock Loan Rate for such Transaction with respect to all or any
portion of such full number of Shares, the effectiveness of the related Supplemental Confirmation and such Transaction shall be limited to the number of Shares Dealer is so able to borrow in connection with establishing its commercially reasonable
hedge position of such Transaction at a cost of not more than a rate equal to the Maximum Stock Loan Rate for such Transaction, which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be zero. 

4. Additional Mutual Representations and Warranties. In addition to the representations and warranties in the Agreement, each party represents and
warrants to the other party that it is an eligible contract participant, as defined in the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act (as amended), and an accredited investor as defined in Section 2(a)(15)(ii) of the Securities Act of
1933 (as amended) (the Securities Act), and is entering into each Transaction hereunder as principal and not for the benefit of any third party. 

5. Additional Representations and Warranties of Counterparty. The representations and warranties of Counterparty set forth in Section 2 of the
Equity Distribution Agreement are true and correct as of the date hereof, each Forward Date (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement), each Trade Date for any Transaction and each Forward Hedge Settlement Date (as defined in the Equity
Distribution Agreement) and are hereby deemed to be repeated to Dealer as if set forth herein. In addition to the representations and warranties in Section 2 of the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Agreement and those contained elsewhere
herein, Counterparty represents and warrants to Dealer, and agrees with Dealer, that: 

Schedule C - 23 

(a) 

without limiting the generality of Section 13.1 of the Equity Definitions, it acknowledges that Dealer is
not making any representations or warranties with respect to the treatment of any Transaction, including without limitation ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share, ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity, ASC 815-40,Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entitys Own Equity (or any successor issue statements) or under the Financial Accounting Standards Boards
Liabilities & Equity Project; 

(b) 

it shall not take any action to reduce or decrease the number of authorized and unissued Shares below the sum
of (i) the aggregate Number of Shares across all Transactions hereunder plus (ii) the total number of Shares issuable upon settlement (whether by physical settlement, net share settlement or otherwise) of any other transaction or
agreement to which it is a party; 

(c) 

it will not repurchase any Shares if, immediately following such repurchase, the aggregate Number of Shares
across all Transactions hereunder would be equal to or greater than 4.5% of the number of then-outstanding Shares and it will notify Dealer promptly upon the announcement or consummation of any repurchase of Shares in an amount that, taken together
with the amount of all repurchases since the date of the last such notice (or, if no such notice has been given, since the Trade Date), exceeds 0.5% of the number of then-outstanding Shares; 

(d) 

it is not entering into this Master Confirmation or any Supplemental Confirmation to create actual or apparent
trading activity in the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for Shares), or to raise or depress or otherwise manipulate the price of the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for Shares) for the purpose of
inducing the purchase or sale of the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for Shares) by others; 

(e) 

neither it nor any of its officers, directors, managers or similar persons is aware of any material non-public information regarding itself or the Shares; it is entering into this Master Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation and will provide any Settlement Notice in good faith and not as part of a plan
or scheme to evade compliance with Rule 10b-5 or any other provision of the federal securities laws; it has not entered into or altered any hedging transaction relating to the Shares corresponding to or
offsetting any Transaction; it agrees to act in good faith with respect to this Master Confirmation, each Supplemental Confirmation and the Agreement; and it has consulted with its own advisors as to the legal aspects of its adoption and
implementation of this Master Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act (Rule 10b5-1);

(f) 

as of the date hereof and the Trade Date for each Transaction no state or local (including non-U.S. jurisdictions) law, rule, regulation or regulatory order applicable to the Shares would give rise to any reporting, consent, registration or other requirement (including without limitation a requirement to
obtain prior approval from any person or entity) as a result of Dealer or its affiliates owning or holding (however defined) Shares; provided that Counterparty makes no such representation or warranty regarding any such requirement that is
applicable generally to the ownership of equity securities by Dealer; 

Schedule C - 24 

(g) 

as of the date hereof, the Trade Date for each Transaction and the date of any payment or delivery by
Counterparty or Dealer under any Transaction, it is not and will not be insolvent (as such term is defined under Section 101(32) of the Bankruptcy Code); 

(h) 

it is not as of the date hereof, and on the Trade Date for each Transaction and after giving effect to the
transactions contemplated hereby and by each Supplemental Confirmation will not be, required to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

(i) 

as of the date hereof and the Trade Date for each Transaction it: (i) is an institutional
account as defined in FINRA Rule 4512(c); and (ii) is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities, and will
exercise independent judgment in evaluating any recommendations of Dealer or its associated persons; and 

(j) 

IT UNDERSTANDS AS OF THE DATE HEREOF AND AS OF THE TRADE DATE FOR EACH TRANSACTION THAT EACH TRANSACTION IS
SUBJECT TO COMPLEX RISKS WHICH MAY ARISE WITHOUT WARNING AND MAY AT TIMES BE VOLATILE AND THAT LOSSES MAY OCCUR QUICKLY AND IN UNANTICIPATED MAGNITUDE AND IS WILLING TO ACCEPT SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND ASSUME (FINANCIALLY AND OTHERWISE) SUCH
RISKS. 

6. Additional Covenants of Counterparty. 

(a) 

Counterparty acknowledges and agrees that any Shares delivered by Counterparty to Dealer on any Settlement Date
or Net Share Settlement Date for any Transaction will be (i) newly issued, (ii) approved for listing or quotation on the Exchange, subject to official notice of issuance, and (iii) registered under the Exchange Act, and, when
delivered by Dealer (or an affiliate of Dealer) to securities lenders from whom Dealer (or an affiliate of Dealer) borrowed Shares in connection with hedging its exposure to such Transaction, will be freely saleable without further registration or
other restrictions under the Securities Act in the hands of those securities lenders, irrespective of whether any such stock loan is effected by Dealer or an affiliate of Dealer. Accordingly, Counterparty agrees that any Shares so delivered will not
bear a restrictive legend and will be deposited in, and the delivery thereof shall be effected through the facilities of, the Clearance System. In addition, Counterparty represents and agrees that any such Shares shall be, upon such delivery, duly
and validly authorized, issued and outstanding, fully paid and nonassessable, free of any lien, charge, claim or other encumbrance. 

Schedule C - 25 

(b) 

Counterparty agrees that Counterparty shall not enter into or alter any hedging transaction relating to the
Shares corresponding to or offsetting any Transaction. Without limiting the generality of the provisions set forth opposite the caption Unwind Activities in Section 2 of this Master Confirmation, Counterparty acknowledges that it
has no right to, and agrees that it will not seek to, control or influence Dealers decision to make any purchases or sales (within the meaning of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B)(3)) under or in
connection with any Transaction, including, without limitation, Dealers decision to enter into any hedging transactions. 

(c) 

Counterparty acknowledges and agrees that any amendment, modification, waiver or termination of this Master
Confirmation or any Supplemental Confirmation must be effected in accordance with the requirements for the amendment or termination of a plan as defined in Rule 10b5-1(c). Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, any such amendment, modification, waiver or termination shall be made in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b-5, and no such
amendment, modification or waiver shall be made at any time at which Counterparty or any officer, director, manager or similar person of Counterparty is aware of any material non-public information regarding
Counterparty or the Shares. 

(d) 

Counterparty shall promptly provide notice thereof to Dealer (i) upon the occurrence of any event that
would constitute an Event of Default or a Termination Event in respect of which Counterparty is a Defaulting Party or an Affected Party, as the case may be, and (ii) upon announcement of any event that, if consummated, would constitute an
Extraordinary Event or Potential Adjustment Event. 

(e) 

Neither Counterparty nor any of its affiliated purchasers (as defined by Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act (Rule 10b-18)) shall take any action that would cause any purchases of Shares by Dealer or any of its Affiliates in connection
with any Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement of any Transaction not to meet the requirements of the safe harbor provided by Rule 10b-18 if such purchases were made by Counterparty. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, during any Unwind Period for any Transaction, except with the prior written consent of Dealer, Counterparty will not, and will cause its affiliated purchasers (as defined in Rule
10b-18) not to, directly or indirectly (including, without limitation, by means of a derivative instrument) purchase, offer to purchase, place any bid or limit order that would effect a purchase of, or
announce or commence any tender offer relating to, any Shares (or equivalent interest, including a unit of beneficial interest in a trust or limited partnership or a depository share) or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares.

(f) 

Counterparty will not be subject to any restricted period (as such term is defined in Regulation M
promulgated under the Exchange Act (Regulation M)) in respect of Shares or any security with respect to which the Shares are a reference security (as such term is defined in Regulation M) during any Unwind Period for
any Transaction. 

Schedule C - 26 

(g) 

Counterparty shall: (i) prior to the opening of trading in the Shares on any day on which Counterparty
makes, or expects to be made, any public announcement (as defined in Rule 165(f) under the Securities Act) of any Merger Transaction, notify Dealer of such public announcement; (ii) promptly notify Dealer following any such announcement that
such announcement has been made; and (iii) promptly (but in any event prior to the next opening of the regular trading session on the Exchange) provide Dealer with written notice specifying (A) Counterpartys average daily Rule 10b-18 Purchases (as defined in Rule 10b-18) during the three full calendar months immediately preceding the announcement date for the Merger Transaction that were not
effected through Dealer or its affiliates and (B) the number of Shares purchased pursuant to the proviso in Rule 10b-18(b)(4) for the three full calendar months preceding such announcement date. Such
written notice shall be deemed to be a certification by Counterparty to Dealer that such information is true and correct. In addition, Counterparty shall promptly notify Dealer of the earlier to occur of the completion of such transaction and the
completion of the vote by target shareholders. Counterparty acknowledges that any such notice may result in a Regulatory Disruption, a Trading Condition or, if such notice relates to an event that is also an ISDA Event, an Early Valuation, or may
affect the length of any ongoing Unwind Period; accordingly, Counterparty acknowledges that its delivery of such notice must comply with the standards set forth in Section 6(c) above. Merger Transaction means any merger,
acquisition or similar transaction involving a recapitalization as contemplated by Rule 10b-18(a)(13)(iv). For the avoidance of doubt, a Merger Transaction or the announcement thereof shall not give either
party the right to designate an Early Valuation Date for any Transaction and/or to accelerate or preclude an election by Counterparty of Physical Settlement for any Settlement of any Transaction, unless such Merger Transaction or the announcement
thereof is also an ISDA Event. 

(h) 

Counterparty will promptly execute each properly completed Supplemental Confirmation delivered to Counterparty
by Dealer following the delivery by Counterparty to Dealer of a Transaction Notice relating to a Forward (as such term is defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement), to the extent such Supplemental Confirmation is consistent with the Equity
Distribution Agreement. 

(i) 

Counterparty agrees it will not treat ownership positions held by Dealer or any of its affiliates solely in its
(or their) capacity as a nominee or fiduciary for unrelated persons as constituting Beneficial Ownership (as such term is defined in Counterpartys Amended and Restated By-Laws, as may be amended and/or
restated from time to time) by Dealer or its affiliates. 

7. Termination on Bankruptcy. The parties hereto agree that,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or the Equity Definitions, each Transaction constitutes a contract to issue a security of Counterparty as contemplated by Section 365(c)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code and that a Transaction
and the obligations and rights of Counterparty and Dealer (except for any liability as a result of breach of any of the representations or warranties provided by Counterparty in Section 4 or Section 5 above) shall immediately terminate,
without the necessity of any notice, payment (whether directly, by netting or otherwise) or other action by Counterparty or Dealer, if, on or prior to the final Settlement Date, Cash Settlement Payment Date or Net Share Settlement Date, as the case
may be, for such Transaction an Insolvency Filing occurs or any other proceeding commences with respect to Counterparty under the Bankruptcy Code (a Bankruptcy Termination Event). 

Schedule C - 27 

8. Additional Provisions. 

(a) 

Dealer acknowledges and agrees that Counterpartys obligations under the Transactions are not secured by
any collateral and that neither this Master Confirmation nor any Supplemental Confirmation is intended to convey to Dealer rights with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and by any Supplemental Confirmation that are senior to the claims
of common stockholders in any U.S. bankruptcy proceedings of Counterparty; provided that nothing herein shall limit or shall be deemed to limit Dealers right to pursue remedies in the event of a breach by Counterparty of its obligations
and agreements with respect to this Master Confirmation, any Supplemental Confirmation or the Agreement; provided further that nothing herein shall limit or shall be deemed to limit Dealers rights in respect of any transaction other
than the Transactions. 

(b) 

[Reserved][Dealer represents and warrants to Counterparty that, as of the date hereof and the Trade Date for
each Transaction, the obligations of Dealer under this Master Confirmation and the related Supplemental Confirmation are or will be, as the case may be, fully and unconditionally guaranteed by [Dealers ultimate parent] as set forth in the
[Described where guarantee may be obtained] (the Dealer Guarantee). For the avoidance of doubt, the Dealer Guarantee shall not be a Credit Support Document hereunder, and [Dealers ultimate parent] shall not be a
Credit Support Provider of Dealer hereunder.]2

(c) 

The parties hereto intend for: 

(i) 

each Transaction to be a securities contract as defined in Section 741(7) of the Bankruptcy
Code, and the parties hereto to be entitled to the protections afforded by, among other Sections, Sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(27), 362(o), 546(e), 546(j), 555 and 561 of the Bankruptcy Code; 

(ii) 

the rights given to Dealer pursuant to Early Valuation in Section 2 above to constitute
contractual rights to cause the liquidation of a securities contract and to set off mutual debts and claims in connection with a securities contract, as such terms are used in Sections 555 and 362(b)(6) of the
Bankruptcy Code; 

(iii) 

any cash, securities or other property provided as performance assurance, credit support or collateral with
respect to the Transactions to constitute margin payments and transfers under a securities contract as defined in the Bankruptcy Code; 

2 

Include for Dealer whose obligations are guaranteed.

Schedule C - 28 

(iv) 

all payments for, under or in connection with the Transactions, all payments for Shares and the transfer of
Shares to constitute settlement payments and transfers under a securities contract as defined in the Bankruptcy Code; and 

(v) 

any or all obligations that either party has with respect to this Master Confirmation, any Supplemental
Confirmation or the Agreement to constitute property held by or due from such party to margin, guaranty or settle obligations of the other party with respect to the transactions under the Agreement (including the Transactions) or any other agreement
between such parties. 

(d) 

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, this Master Confirmation or any Supplemental
Confirmation, in no event will Counterparty be required to deliver in the aggregate in respect of all Settlement Dates, Net Share Settlement Dates or other dates on which Shares are delivered in respect of any amount owed under any Transaction a
number of Shares greater than two times the Number of Shares for such Transaction as of the Trade Date for such Transaction (the Capped Number). The Capped Number shall be subject to adjustment only on account of
(x) Potential Adjustment Events of the type specified in (1) Sections 11.2(e)(i) through (vi) of the Equity Definitions or (2) Section 11.2(e)(vii) of the Equity Definitions so long as, in the case of this sub-clause (2), such event is within Issuers control, (y) Merger Events requiring corporate action of Issuer (or any surviving entity of the Issuer hereunder in connection with any such Merger Event) and
(z) Announcement Events that are not outside Issuers control. Counterparty represents and warrants to Dealer (which representation and warranty shall be deemed to be repeated for all Transactions on each day that any Transaction is
outstanding) that the aggregate Capped Number across all Transactions hereunder is equal to or less than the number of authorized but unissued Shares that are not reserved for future issuance in connection with transactions in the Shares (other than
the Transactions) on the date of the determination of such aggregated Capped Number. In the event Counterparty shall not have delivered the full number of Shares otherwise deliverable under any Transaction as a result of this Section 8(d) (the
resulting deficit for such Transaction, the Deficit Shares), Counterparty shall be continually obligated to deliver Shares, from time to time until the full number of Deficit Shares have been delivered pursuant to this
Section 8(d), on a pro rata basis across all Transactions hereunder, when, and to the extent that, (A) Shares are repurchased, acquired or otherwise received by Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries after the date hereof (whether or not
in exchange for cash, fair value or any other consideration), (B) authorized and unissued Shares reserved for issuance in respect of other transactions prior to such date which prior to the relevant date become no longer so reserved and
(C) Counterparty additionally authorizes any unissued Shares that are not reserved for transactions other than the Transactions (such events as set forth in clauses (A), (B) and (C) above,

Schedule C - 29 

collectively, the Share Issuance Events). Counterparty shall promptly notify Dealer of the occurrence of any of the Share Issuance Events (including the number of Shares
subject to clause (A), (B) or (C) and the corresponding number of Shares to be delivered for each Transaction) and, as promptly as reasonably practicable, deliver such Shares thereafter. Counterparty shall not, until Counterpartys
obligations under the Transactions have been satisfied in full, use any Shares that become available for potential delivery to Dealer as a result of any Share Issuance Event for the settlement or satisfaction of any transaction or obligation other
than the Transactions or reserve any such Shares for future issuance for any purpose other than to satisfy Counterpartys obligations to Dealer under the Transactions. 

(e) 

The parties intend for this Master Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation to constitute a
Contract as described in the letter dated October 6, 2003 submitted on behalf of Goldman, Sachs & Co. to Paula Dubberly of the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Staff) to which the
Staff responded in an interpretive letter dated October 9, 2003. 

(f) 

The parties intend for each Transaction (taking into account purchases of Shares in connection with any Cash
Settlement or Net Share Settlement of any Transaction) to comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(A) and for this Master Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation to constitute a binding
contract or instruction satisfying the requirements of 10b5-1(c) and to be interpreted to comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c).

(g) 

[Reserved.]3

(h) 

Counterparty acknowledges that: 

(i) 

during the term of the Transactions, Dealer and its affiliates may buy or sell Shares or other securities or
buy or sell options or futures contracts or enter into swaps or other derivative securities in order to establish, adjust or unwind its hedge position with respect to the Transactions; 

(ii) 

Dealer and its affiliates may also be active in the market for the Shares and derivatives linked to the Shares
other than in connection with hedging activities in relation to the Transactions, including acting as agent or as principal and for its own account or on behalf of customers; 

(iii) 

Dealer shall make its own determination as to whether, when or in what manner any hedging or market activities
in Counterpartys securities shall be conducted and shall do so in a manner that it deems appropriate to hedge its price and market risk with respect to the Forward Price and the Settlement Price for each Transaction; 

3 

Agency language to be included for Dealers acting through agents. 

Schedule C - 30 

(iv) 

any market activities of Dealer and its affiliates with respect to the Shares may affect the market price and
volatility of the Shares, as well as the Forward Price and the Settlement Price for each Transaction, each in a manner that may be adverse to Counterparty; and 

(v) 

each Transaction is a derivatives transaction; Dealer may purchase or sell shares for its own account at an
average price that may be greater than, or less than, the price received by Counterparty under the terms of the relevant Transaction. 

(i) 

Counterparty and Dealer agree and acknowledge that (A) the Transactions contemplated by this Master
Confirmation will be entered into in reliance on the fact that this Master Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation hereto form a single agreement between Counterparty and Dealer, and Dealer would not otherwise enter into such Transactions;
(B) this Master Confirmation, together with each Supplemental Confirmation hereto, is a qualified financial contract, as such term is defined in Section 5-701(b)(2) of the General
Obligations Law; (C) each Supplemental Confirmation hereto, regardless of whether transmitted electronically or otherwise, constitutes a confirmation in writing sufficient to indicate that a contract has been made between the
parties hereto, as set forth in Section 5-701(b)(3)(b) of the General Obligations Law; and (D) this Master Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation hereto constitute a prior
written contract, as set forth in Section 5-701(b)(1)(b) of the General Obligations Law, and each party hereto intends and agrees to be bound by this Master Confirmation and such Supplemental
Confirmation. 

(j) 

Counterparty and Dealer agree that, upon the delivery of any Transaction Notice relating to a Forward by
Counterparty, in respect of the Transaction to which such Transaction Notice relates, each of the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and other provisions of this Master Confirmation and the Supplemental Confirmation for such
Transaction (including, without limitation, Dealers right to designate an Early Valuation Date in respect of such Transaction pursuant to the provisions opposite the caption Early Valuation in Section 2 and the termination of
such Transaction following a Bankruptcy Termination Event as described in Section 7) shall govern, and be applicable to, such Transaction as of the first Trading Day of the Forward Hedge Selling Period for such Transaction as if the Trade Date
for such Transaction were such first Trading Day. 

9. Tax Matters. 

(a) 

Tax Representations. 

(i) 

For the purpose of Section 3(e) of the Agreement, each party makes the following representation:

Schedule C - 31 

a. 

It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue
authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of the Agreement or any other payments of interest or penalty charges for late
payment) to be made by it to the other party under the Agreement. 

b. 

In making this representation, a party may rely on: 

(i) 

the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of the Agreement,

(ii) 

the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of the Agreement, and the
accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of the Agreement, and 

(iii) 

the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of the Agreement;

provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) above
and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position. 

(ii) 

For the purpose of Section 3(f) of the Agreement: 

(A) 

Dealer makes the following representation(s): 

(i) 

[ ] 

(B) 

Counterparty represents that it is a U.S. person (as that term is used in section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of United States Treasury Regulations) for United States federal income tax purposes and an exempt recipient under section 1.6049-4(c)(1)(ii) of the United
States Treasury Regulations. 

(b) 

Document Delivery. For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and 4(a)(ii) of the Agreement: 

(i) 

Dealer agrees to complete, accurately and in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Counterparty, to execute and
to deliver to Counterparty a valid and duly executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor form) that eliminates U.S. federal backup withholding tax on payments to Dealer under this Master
Agreement and any required attachments thereto or a valid and duly executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY,W-8BEN-E
or W-8ECI, as applicable (or any successor form) and any required attachments thereto (i) upon execution of this Master Confirmation, (ii) promptly upon reasonable demand by Counterparty and
(iii) promptly upon learning that the information on any such Form W-9,W-8IMY,W-8BEN-E or W-8ECI, as applicable (or any successor thereto) previously provided by Dealer has become inaccurate or incorrect.

Schedule C - 32 

(ii) 

Counterparty agrees to complete, accurately and in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Dealer, to execute and
to deliver to Dealer a valid and duly executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor form) that eliminates U.S. federal backup withholding tax on payments to Counterparty under this Master
Agreement and any required attachments thereto (i) upon execution of this Master Confirmation, (ii) promptly upon reasonable demand by Dealer and (iii) promptly upon learning that the information on any such Form W-9 (or any successor thereto) previously provided by Counterparty has become inaccurate or incorrect. 

(iii) 

Counterparty and Dealer agree to deliver any other form or document, accurately completed and in a manner
reasonably satisfactory to the other party, that may be required or reasonably requested in order to allow the other party to make a payment under this Master Confirmation, including any Credit Support Document, without any deduction or withholding
for or on account of any Tax or with such deduction at a reduced rate promptly upon the reasonable demand of such other party. 

(c) 

Withholding Tax Imposed on Payments to Non-US Counterparties under the
United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. Tax as used in the preceding paragraph (a) of this Section (Tax Representations) and Indemnifiable Tax as defined in Section 14 of the Agreement shall not include
(i) any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), any current or future regulations or official interpretations
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code (FATCA), or any fiscal or regulatory legislation or rules adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the
implementation of FATCA (a FATCA Withholding Tax), or (ii) any tax imposed or collected pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code or any current or future regulations or official interpretation thereof (a
Section 871(m) Withholding Tax). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax and a Section 871(m) Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law.

(d) 

Change of Account. Section 2(b) of the Agreement is hereby amended by the addition of the following after
the word change in the fourth line thereof: ; provided that if any new account of one party is not in the same tax jurisdiction as the original account, the other party shall not be obliged to pay, for tax reasons, any
greater amount and shall not be obliged to accept any lesser amount as a result of such change than would have been the case if such change had not taken place. 

Schedule C - 33 

(e) 

Tax Documents. Section 4(a)(iii) of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding prior to the existing text:
upon the earlier of learning that such form or documents is required or. 

10. Indemnification. Counterparty agrees to
indemnify and hold harmless Dealer, its affiliates and its assignees and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and controlling persons (Dealer and each affiliate or such person being an Indemnified Party) from
and against any and all losses (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, financial losses resulting from the economic terms of the Transactions), claims, damages and liabilities (or actions in respect thereof), joint or several, incurred by or
asserted against such Indemnified Party arising out of, in connection with, or relating to, the execution or delivery of this Master Confirmation and any Supplemental Confirmation, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective
obligations under the Transactions, any breach of any covenant or representation made by Counterparty in this Master Confirmation, any Supplemental Confirmation or the Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby. Counterparty will not be liable under the foregoing indemnification provision to the extent that any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense is found in a final, nonappealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted
from Dealers willful misconduct, gross negligence or bad faith in performing the services that are subject of the Transactions. If for any reason the foregoing indemnification is unavailable to any Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold
harmless any Indemnified Party, then Counterparty shall contribute, to the maximum extent permitted by law, to the amount paid or payable by the Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability. In addition, Counterparty will
reimburse any Indemnified Party for all reasonable expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) as they are incurred in connection with the investigation of, preparation for or defense or settlement of any pending or threatened claim or
any action, suit or proceeding arising therefrom, whether or not such Indemnified Party is a party thereto and whether or not such claim, action, suit or proceeding is initiated or brought by or on behalf of Counterparty. Counterparty also agrees
that no Indemnified Party shall have any liability to Counterparty or any person asserting claims on behalf of or in right of Counterparty in connection with or as a result of any matter referred to in this Master Confirmation and any Supplemental
Confirmation except to the extent that any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses incurred by Counterparty result from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the Indemnified Party. The provisions of this Section 10
shall survive any termination or completion of the Transactions contemplated by this Master Confirmation and any Supplemental Confirmation and any assignment and/or delegation of the Transactions made pursuant to the Agreement, this Master
Confirmation or any Supplemental Confirmation shall inure to the benefit of any permitted assignee of Dealer. For the avoidance of doubt, any payments due as a result of this provision may not be used to set off any obligation of Dealer upon
settlement of the Transactions. 

11. Beneficial Ownership. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, this Master Confirmation or
any Supplemental Confirmation, in no event shall Dealer be entitled to receive, or be deemed to receive, or have the right to acquire (within the meaning of NYSE Rule 312.04(g)) Shares to the extent that, upon such receipt of such
Shares, (i) the beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) of Shares by Dealer, any of its affiliates business units subject to aggregation with Dealer
for purposes of the beneficial ownership test under Section 13 of the Exchange Act and all persons who may form a group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange

Schedule C - 34 

Act) with Dealer with respect to beneficial ownership of any Shares (collectively, Dealer Group) would be equal to or greater than the lesser of (x) 4.5% of the
outstanding Shares (such condition, an Excess Section 13 Ownership Position), and (y) 4.9% of the outstanding Shares as of the Trade Date for any Transaction (such number of Shares, the Threshold Number
of Shares and such condition, the Excess NYSE Ownership Position) or (ii) Dealer, Dealer Group or any person whose ownership position would be aggregated with that of Dealer or Dealer Group (Dealer, Dealer Group or
any such person, a Dealer Person) under Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law or any state or federal bank holding company or banking laws, or any federal, state or local laws, regulations or regulatory orders
applicable to ownership of Shares (Applicable Laws), would own, beneficially own, constructively own, control, hold the power to vote or otherwise meet a relevant definition of ownership in excess of a number of Shares equal to
(x) the lesser of (A) the maximum number of Shares that would be permitted under Applicable Laws and (B) the number of Shares that would give rise to reporting or registration obligations or other requirements (including obtaining
prior approval by a state or federal regulator) of a Dealer Person under Applicable Laws and with respect to which such requirements have not been met or the relevant approval has not been received or that would give rise to any consequences under
the constitutive documents of Counterparty (including, without limitation, Article VI of Counterpartys Amended and Restated By-Laws, as may be amended and/or restated from time to time) or any contract
or agreement to which Counterparty is a party, in each case minus (y) 1% of the number of Shares outstanding on the date of determination (such condition described in clause (ii), an Excess Regulatory Ownership Position).
If any delivery owed to Dealer under any Transaction is not made, in whole or in part, as a result of this provision, (i) Counterpartys obligation to make such delivery shall not be extinguished and Counterparty shall make such delivery
as promptly as practicable after, but in no event later than one Exchange Business Day after, Dealer gives notice to Counterparty that such delivery would not result in (x) Dealer Group directly or indirectly so beneficially owning in excess of
the lesser of (A) 4.5% of the outstanding Shares and (B) the Threshold Number of Shares or (y) the occurrence of an Excess Regulatory Ownership Position and (ii) if such delivery relates to a Physical Settlement of any Transaction,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Dealer shall not be obligated to satisfy the portion of its payment obligation with respect to such Transaction corresponding to any Shares required to be so delivered until the date Counterparty
makes such delivery. 

12. Non-Confidentiality. The parties hereby agree that (i) effective from the
date of commencement of discussions concerning the Transactions, Counterparty and each of its employees, representatives, or other agents may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the
Transactions and all materials of any kind, including opinions or other tax analyses, provided by Dealer and its affiliates to Counterparty relating to such tax treatment and tax structure; provided that the foregoing does not constitute an
authorization to disclose the identity of Dealer or its affiliates, agents or advisers, or, except to the extent relating to such tax structure or tax treatment, any specific pricing terms or commercial or financial information, and (ii) Dealer
does not assert any claim of proprietary ownership in respect of any description contained herein or therein relating to the use of any entities, plans or arrangements to give rise to a particular United States federal income tax treatment for
Counterparty. 

Schedule C - 35 

13. Restricted Shares. If Counterparty is unable to comply with the covenant of Counterparty
contained in Section 6 above or Dealer otherwise determines in its reasonable opinion that any Shares to be delivered to Dealer by Counterparty under any Transaction may not be freely returned by Dealer to securities lenders as described in the
covenant of Counterparty contained in Section 6 above, then delivery of any such Settlement Shares (the Unregistered Settlement Shares) shall be effected pursuant to Annex A hereto, unless waived by Dealer. 

14. Use of Shares. Dealer acknowledges and agrees that, except in the case of a Private Placement Settlement, Dealer shall use any Shares delivered by
Counterparty to Dealer on any Settlement Date to return to securities lenders to close out borrowings created by Dealer in connection with its hedging activities related to exposure under the Transactions or otherwise in compliance with applicable
law. 

15. Rule 10b-18. In connection with bids and purchases of Shares in connection with any Net Share
Settlement or Cash Settlement of any Transaction, Dealer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct its activities, or cause its affiliates to conduct their activities, in a manner consistent with the requirements of the safe harbor
provided by Rule 10b-18, as if such provisions were applicable to such purchases and taking into account any applicable Securities and Exchange Commission no-action
letters as appropriate, and subject to any delays between the execution and reporting of a trade of the Shares on the Exchange and other circumstances beyond Dealers control. 

16. Governing Law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Agreement, this Master Confirmation, any Supplemental Confirmation
and all matters arising in connection with the Agreement this Master Confirmation and any Supplemental Confirmation shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York (without reference to its
choice of laws doctrine other than Title 14 of Article 5 of the New York General Obligations Law). 

17.
Set-Off. 

(a) 

The parties agree that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or Termination Event with respect to a party
who is the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party (X), the other party (Y) will have the right (but not be obliged) without prior notice to X or any other person to
set-off or apply any obligation of X owed to Y (whether or not matured or contingent and whether or not arising under the Agreement, and regardless of the currency, place of payment or booking office of the
obligation) against any obligation of Y owed to X (whether or not matured or contingent and whether or not arising under the Agreement, and regardless of the currency, place of payment or booking office of the obligation). Y will give notice to the
other party of any set-off effected under this Section 17. 

Amounts (or the
relevant portion of such amounts) subject to set-off may be converted by Y into the Termination Currency at the rate of exchange at which such party would be able, acting in a reasonable manner and in good
faith, to purchase the relevant amount of such currency. If any obligation is unascertained, Y may in good faith estimate that obligation and set-off in respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant party
accounting to the other when the obligation is ascertained. Nothing in this Section 17 shall be effective to create a charge or other security interest. This Section 17 shall be without prejudice and in addition to any right of set-off, combination of accounts, lien or other right to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by operation of law, contract or otherwise). 

Schedule C - 36 

(b) 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, Dealer agrees not to set off or net amounts due from
Counterparty with respect to any Transaction against amounts due from Dealer to Counterparty with respect to contracts or instruments that are not Equity Contracts. Equity Contract means any transaction or instrument that does not
convey to Dealer rights, or the ability to assert claims, that are senior to the rights and claims of common stockholders in the event of Counterpartys bankruptcy and would be classified as equity according to generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States. 

18. Staggered Settlement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Dealer may, by prior
notice to Counterparty, satisfy its obligation to deliver any Shares or other securities on any date due (an Original Delivery Date) by making separate deliveries of Shares or such securities, as the case may be, at more than one
time on or prior to such Original Delivery Date, so long as the aggregate number of Shares and other securities so delivered on or prior to such Original Delivery Date is equal to the number required to be delivered on such Original Delivery Date.

19. Waiver of Trial by Jury. EACH OF COUNTERPARTY AND DEALER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES (ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, ON BEHALF OF ITS STOCKHOLDERS) ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE TRANSACTION OR THE ACTIONS OF DEALER OR ITS
AFFILIATES IN THE NEGOTIATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF. 

20. Jurisdiction. THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND THE UNITED STATES COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK IN CONNECTION WITH ALL MATTERS RELATING HERETO AND WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE IN, AND ANY CLAIM OF INCONVENIENT
FORUM WITH RESPECT TO, THESE COURTS. NOTHING IN THIS PROVISION SHALL PROHIBIT A PARTY FROM BRINGING AN ACTION TO ENFORCE A MONEY JUDGMENT IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 

21. [U.S. Stay Regulations.] To the extent that the QFC Stay Rules (as defined below) are applicable hereto, then the parties agree that the terms of
the 2018 ISDA U.S. Resolution Stay Protocol (the Protocol) are incorporated into and form a part of this Master Confirmation, and for such purposes this Master Confirmation shall be deemed a Protocol Covered Agreement and each
party shall be deemed to have the same status as Regulated Entity and/or Adhering Party as applicable to it under the Protocol. In the event of any inconsistencies between this Master Confirmation and the terms of the
Protocol, the Protocol will govern. Terms used in this Section 21 without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them under the Protocol. For purposes of this Section 21, references to this Master Confirmation include
any related credit enhancements entered into between the parties or provided by one to the other. In addition, the parties agree that the terms of this Section 21 shall be incorporated into any related covered affiliate credit enhancements,
with all references to Dealer replaced by references to the covered affiliate support provider. 

Schedule C - 37 

QFC Stay Rules mean the regulations codified at 12 C.F.R. 252.2, 252.818, 12 C.F.R.
382.1-7 and 12 C.F.R. 47.1-8, which, subject to limited exceptions, require an express recognition of the
stay-and-transfer powers of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the
Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the override of default rights related directly or indirectly to the entry of an affiliate into certain insolvency proceedings and any restrictions on the transfer of any covered
affiliate credit enhancements. 

22. Counterparts. 

(a) 

This Master Confirmation may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and
the same instrument, and any party hereto may execute this Master Confirmation by signing and delivering one or more counterparts. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S.
federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., DocuSign and AdobeSign (any such signature, an Electronic Signature)) or other transmission
method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. The words execution, signed, signature and words of like import in this
Master Confirmation or in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Master Confirmation shall include any Electronic Signature, except to the extent electronic notices are expressly prohibited under this Master Confirmation or the
Agreement. 

(b) 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, either party may deliver to the other party a notice
relating to any Event of Default or Termination Event under this Master Confirmation by e-mail.

23. Delivery of Cash. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Master Confirmation or any Supplemental Confirmation shall be interpreted as
requiring Counterparty to deliver cash or other assets in respect of the settlement of the Transactions, except in circumstances where the required cash or other asset settlement thereof is permitted for classification of the contract as equity by
ASC 815-40,Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entitys Own Equity, as in effect on the date hereof. 

24. Adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, whenever the Calculation Agent, the Hedging Party or the Determining Party is called upon to make an
adjustment pursuant to the terms of this Master Confirmation, any Supplemental Confirmation or the Equity Definitions to take into account the effect of an event, the Calculation Agent, the Hedging Party or the Determining Party, as applicable,
shall make such adjustment by reference to the effect of such event on the Hedging Party, assuming that the Hedging Party maintains a commercially reasonable hedge position at the time of the event. 

Schedule C - 38 

25. Other Forward Transactions. Dealer acknowledges that Counterparty has entered (including by
assignment) or may enter in the future into one or more substantially identical forward transactions for the Shares (each, an Other Forward and collectively, the Other Forwards) with one or more dealers, and/or
affiliates thereof (each, an Other Dealer and collectively, the Other Dealers). Dealer and Counterparty agree that if Counterparty designates a Settlement Date with respect to one or more
Other Forwards for which Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement is applicable, and the resulting Unwind Period for such Other Forwards coincides for any period of time with an Unwind Period
for this Transaction (the Overlap Unwind Period), Counterparty shall notify Dealer at least one Scheduled Trading Day prior to the commencement of such Overlap Unwind Period of the first Scheduled Trading Day and length of such
Overlap Unwind Period, and Dealer shall be permitted to purchase Shares to unwind its hedge in respect of this Transaction only on alternating Scheduled Trading Days during such Overlap Unwind Period, commencing on the first, second, third or later
Scheduled Trading Day of such Overlap Unwind Period, as notified to Dealer by Counterparty at least one Scheduled Trading Day prior to such Overlap Unwind Period (which alternating Scheduled Trading Days, for the avoidance of doubt, may be every
other Scheduled Trading Day if there is only one Other Dealer, every third Scheduled Trading Day if there are two Other Dealers, etc.). 

Schedule C - 39 

Counterparty hereby agrees (a) to check this Master Confirmation carefully and
immediately upon receipt so that errors or discrepancies can be promptly identified and rectified and (b) to confirm that the foregoing (in the exact form provided by Dealer) correctly sets forth the terms of the agreement between Dealer and
Counterparty hereunder, by manually signing this Master Confirmation or this page hereof as evidence of agreement to such terms and providing the other information requested herein and immediately returning an executed copy to us. 

Yours faithfully,

[DEALER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Schedule C - 40 

Agreed and accepted by: 

WELLTOWER INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Schedule C - 41 

ANNEX A 

PRIVATE PLACEMENT PROCEDURES 

If
Counterparty delivers Unregistered Settlement Shares pursuant to Section 14 above (a Private Placement Settlement), then: 

(a) all Unregistered Settlement Shares shall be delivered to Dealer (or any affiliate of Dealer designated by Dealer) pursuant
to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) thereof; 

(b) as
of or prior to the date of delivery, Dealer and any potential purchaser of any such shares from Dealer (or any affiliate of Dealer designated by Dealer) identified by Dealer shall be afforded a commercially reasonable opportunity to conduct a due
diligence investigation with respect to Counterparty customary in scope for private placements of equity securities of similar size (including, without limitation, the right to have made available to them for inspection all financial and other
records, pertinent corporate documents and other information reasonably requested by them); 

(c) as of the date of
delivery, Counterparty shall enter into an agreement (a Private Placement Agreement) with Dealer (or any affiliate of Dealer designated by Dealer) in connection with the private placement of such shares by Counterparty to Dealer
(or any such affiliate) and the private resale of such shares by Dealer (or any such affiliate), substantially similar to private placement purchase agreements customary for private placements of equity securities of similar size, in form and
substance commercially reasonably satisfactory to Dealer, which Private Placement Agreement shall include, without limitation, provisions substantially similar to those contained in such private placement purchase agreements relating, without
limitation, to the indemnification of, and contribution in connection with the liability of, Dealer and its affiliates and obligations to use best efforts to obtain customary opinions, accountants comfort letters and lawyers negative
assurance letters, and shall provide for the payment by Counterparty of all commercially reasonable fees and expenses in connection with such resale, including all commercially reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for Dealer, and shall contain
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of Counterparty reasonably necessary or advisable to establish and maintain the availability of an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act for such resales; and 

(d) in connection with the private placement of such shares by Counterparty to Dealer (or any such affiliate) and the private
resale of such shares by Dealer (or any such affiliate), Counterparty shall, if so requested by Dealer, prepare, in cooperation with Dealer, a private placement memorandum in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Dealer. 

In the case of a Private Placement Settlement, Dealer shall, in its good faith discretion, adjust the amount of Unregistered Settlement Shares
to be delivered to Dealer hereunder in a commercially reasonable manner to reflect the fact that such Unregistered Settlement Shares may not be freely returned to securities lenders by Dealer and may only be saleable by Dealer at a discount to
reflect the lack of liquidity in Unregistered Settlement Shares. 

Schedule C - 42 

If Counterparty delivers any Unregistered Settlement Shares in respect of a Transaction,
Counterparty agrees that (i) such Shares may be transferred by and among Dealer and its affiliates and (ii) after the applicable holding period within the meaning of Rule 144(d) under the Securities Act has elapsed after the
applicable Settlement Date, Counterparty shall promptly remove, or cause the transfer agent for the Shares to remove, any legends referring to any transfer restrictions from such Shares upon delivery by Dealer (or such affiliate of Dealer) to
Counterparty or such transfer agent of any sellers and brokers representation letters customarily delivered by Dealer or its affiliates in connection with resales of restricted securities pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act,
each without any further requirement for the delivery of any certificate, consent, agreement, opinion of counsel, notice or any other document, any transfer tax stamps or payment of any other amount or any other action by Dealer (or such affiliate
of Dealer). 

Schedule C - 43 

SCHEDULE A 

SUPPLEMENTAL CONFIRMATION 

To: 

Welltower Inc.

4500 Dorr Street

Toledo, Ohio 43615

From: [Dealer]

Re: Issuer Share Forward Sale Transaction

Date: [ ], 20[ ]

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The purpose of this Supplemental Confirmation is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Transaction entered into between [Dealer]
(Dealer) and Welltower Inc. (Counterparty) (together, the Contracting Parties) on the Trade Date specified below. This Supplemental Confirmation is a binding contract between Dealer and
Counterparty as of the relevant Trade Date for the Transaction referenced below. 

1. This Supplemental Confirmation supplements, forms part of, and is
subject to the Master Confirmation dated as of [ ], 20[ ] (the Master Confirmation) between the Contracting Parties, as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time. All provisions contained in the Master Confirmation
govern this Supplemental Confirmation except as expressly modified below. 

2. The terms of the Transaction to which this Supplemental Confirmation relates
are as follows: 

Trade Date: [ ], 20[ ]

Effective Date: [ ], 20[ ]

Maturity Date: [ ], 20[ ]

Number of Shares: [ ]

Initial Forward Price: USD [ ]

Spread: [ . ]%

Volume-Weighted Hedge Price: USD [ ]

Threshold Price: USD [ ]

Initial Stock Loan Rate: [ ] basis points per annum

Maximum Stock Loan Rate: [ ] basis points per annum

Counterpartys Contact Details for Purpose of Giving Notice 

Name: Matthew McQueen

Title: Chief Legal Officer & General Counsel

Schedule C - 44 

Address: Welltower Inc. | 4500 Dorr Street,

Toledo, OH 43615

Email: MMcQueen@welltower.com

Legal Notice Email:

legalnotice@welltower.com

Phone: 419-247-2800

Fax:
419-247-2826

Dealers Contact Details for Purpose of Giving Notice [ ]

Schedule C - 45 

FORWARD PRICE REDUCTION AMOUNTS 

Forward Price Reduction Date: Forward Price

Reduction

Amount: 

[ ], 20[ ] USD[ ] 

[ ], 20[ ] USD[ ] 

[ ], 20[ ] USD[ ] 

[ ], 20[ ] USD[ ] 

REGULAR DIVIDEND AMOUNTS

For any calendar quarter ending on or prior to [December 31, 20[ ]]: USD[ ] 

For any calendar quarter ending after [December 31, 20[ ]]: USD[ ] 

Yours faithfully,

[DEALER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Schedule C - 46 

Agreed and accepted by: 

WELLTOWER INC.

By: 

Name: Matthew McQueen

Title: Chief Legal Officer & General Counsel

Schedule C - 47 

SCHEDULE D 

Forward Hedge Selling Commission Rate 

The Forward Hedge Selling Commission Rate means a rate mutually agreed to between the Company and a Forward Seller, not to exceed 1.50%. 

Schedule D - 1 

ANNEX I 

Bank of America, N.A.

c/o BofA Securities,
Inc.

One Bryant Park

New York, New York 10036 

BofA Securities, Inc.

One Bryant Park

New York, New York 10036

Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.

Ciudad
BBVA, Calle Sauceda n 28

Edificio Oceana, Planta 1Madrid 28050 

BBVA Securities Inc.

1345 Avenue of the
Americas, 44th Floor

New York, New York 10105

The Bank of New York Mellon

240 Greenwich
Street

New York, New York 10286 

BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC

240 Greenwich
Street

New York, New York 10286

Barclays Bank PLC

5 The North Colonnade

Canary Wharf, London E14 4BB 

Barclays Capital Inc.

745 Seventh Avenue

New York, New York 10019

Bank of Montreal

55 Bloor Street West, 18th
Floor

Toronto, Ontario, M4W 1A5, Canada 

BMO Capital Markets Corp.

151 W 42nd Street

New York, New York 10036

BNP Paribas

787 Seventh Avenue

New York, New York 10019 

BNP Paribas Securities Corp.

787 Seventh
Avenue

New York, New York 10019

Capital One Securities, Inc.

201 St. Charles
Ave, Suite 1830

New Orleans, Louisiana 70170

Citibank, N.A.

390 Greenwich Street

New York, New York 10013 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

388 Greenwich
Street

New York, New York 10013

Citizens JMP Securities, LLC

450 Park Avenue,
5th Floor

New York, New York 10022 

Citizens JMP Securities, LLC

450 Park Avenue,
5th Floor

New York, New York 10022

Crdit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank

c/o Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., as Agent

1301 Avenue
of the Americas

New York, New York 10019 

Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.

1301
Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10019

Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch

c/o Deutsche
Bank Securities Inc.

1 Columbus Circle

New York, New York
10019 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.

1 Columbus
Circle

New York, New York 10019

Annex I - 1 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

200 West
Street

New York, New York 10282 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

200 West
Street

New York, New York 10282

Huntington Securities, Inc.

41 South High
Street

Columbus, Ohio 43287 

Huntington Securities, Inc.

41 South High
Street

Columbus, Ohio 43287

Jefferies LLC

520 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10022 

Jefferies LLC

520 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10022

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association

383
Madison Avenue, 6th Floor

New York, New York 10179 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

383 Madison
Avenue

New York, New York 10179

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.

127 Public
Square

7th Floor

Cleveland, Ohio 44114 

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.

127 Public
Square

7th Floor

Cleveland, Ohio 44114

Loop Capital Markets LLC

425 South Financial
Place, Suite 2700

Chicago, Illinois 60605

Mizuho Markets Americas LLC

c/o Mizuho
Securities USA LLC

1271 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New
York 10020 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC

1271 Avenue of the
Americas

New York, New York 10020

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

1585
Broadway

New York, New York 10036 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

1585
Broadway

New York, New York 10036

MUFG Securities EMEA plc

Ropemaker Place, 25
Ropemaker Street

London, EC2Y 9AJ 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc.

1221 Avenue of
the Americas

New York, New York 10020

Royal Bank of Canada

c/o RBC Capital Markets,
LLC

200 Vesey Street

New York, New York 10281 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

200 Vesey Street

New York, New York 10281

Regions Securities LLC

615 S College St, Suite
600

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 

Regions Securities LLC

615 S College St, Suite
600

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202

Annex I - 2 

The Bank of Nova Scotia

44 King Street West

Central Mail Room

Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 1H1 

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.

250 Vesey Street,
24th Floor

New York, New York 10281

Synovus Securities, Inc.

800 Shades Creek
Parkway, Suite 350

Birmingham, Alabama 35209

The Toronto-Dominion Bank

c/o TD Securities
(USA) LLC

1 Vanderbilt Avenue

New York, New York
10017 

TD Securities (USA) LLC

1 Vanderbilt Avenue

New York, New York 10017

Truist Bank

3333 Peachtree Road NE, 11th
Floor

Atlanta, Georgia 30326 

Truist Securities, Inc.

3333 Peachtree Road NE,
11th Floor

Atlanta, Georgia 30326

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 

500 West 33rd Street

New York, New York 10001 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

500 West 33rd Street

New York, New York 10001

As Forward Purchasers Sales Agents and Forward Sellers

Annex I - 3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d926833dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

March 28, 2025 

Welltower Inc. 

4500 Dorr Street 

Toledo, Ohio 43615 

Re: 

Welltower Inc. 

Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286204)

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have examined the Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286204) (the Registration Statement) of Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and the prospectus supplement dated
March 28, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement) to the prospectus dated March 28, 2025 (the Prospectus), in connection with the offering by the Company of shares of common stock, $1.00 par value per share,
of the Company having an aggregate offering price of up to $7,500,000,000 (the Shares). The Shares will be issued pursuant to (1) an Equity Distribution Agreement entered into among the Company, Welltower OP LLC and each of
the sales agents, the forward sellers and the forward purchasers (the Forward Purchasers) named therein on March 28, 2025 (the Distribution Agreement), and (2) the master forward confirmations in
the form attached as Schedule C to the Distribution Agreement that the Company may enter into with any of the Forward Purchasers. 

In arriving at the
opinion expressed below, we have examined originals, or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction as being true and complete copies of the originals, specimen common stock certificates and such other documents, corporate records,
certificates of officers of the Company and of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or advisable to enable us to render the opinion set forth below. In our examination, we have assumed without independent investigation
the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity and competency of all natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies. 

Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the assumptions, exceptions, qualifications and limitations set forth herein, we are of the opinion that the Shares,
when issued against payment therefor as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement, according to the Prospectus and in accordance with the terms of the Distribution Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable.

The opinion expressed above is subject to the following exceptions, qualifications, limitations
and assumptions: 

A. The effectiveness of the Registration Statement under the Securities Act will not have been terminated or rescinded.

Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

200 Park Avenue | New York, NY 10166-0193 | T: 212.351.4000 | F: 212.351.4035 | gibsondunn.com 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page 2

B. We render no opinion herein as to matters involving the laws of any jurisdictions other
than the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL). This opinion is limited to the effect of the current state of the DGCL and the facts as they currently exist. We assume no obligation to revise or supplement this opinion in the
event of future changes in such laws or the interpretations thereof or such facts. 

C. We have assumed that all offers and sales of the
Shares will comply with the minimum offering price limitation and pricing formula set forth in the authorization of the offering and sale of the Shares by the Companys Board of Directors. 

We consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, and we further consent to the use of our name under the caption
Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. In giving these consents, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the Rules and Regulations of
the Commission. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d926833dex52.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.2
<TEXT>
EX-5.2

Exhibit 5.2 

March 28, 2025 

Welltower Inc. 

4500 Dorr Street 

Toledo, Ohio 43615 

Re: 

Welltower Inc. 

Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286204)

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have examined the Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286204) (the Registration Statement) of Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and the prospectus supplement dated
March 28, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement) to the prospectus dated March 28, 2025, relating to the registration of up to 23,471,419 of shares of common stock, $1.00 par value per share, of the Company (the
Shares) that may in certain circumstances be issuable upon exchange of the 2.750% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes) or the 3.125% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2029 (the 2029
Notes and, together with the 2028 Notes, the Notes) of Welltower OP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Welltower OP), and the resale from time to time by the recipients of such Shares. The 2028
Notes were issued pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, dated as of May 11, 2023, by and among Welltower OP, the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (the 2028 Notes Indenture). The 2029
Notes were issued pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, dated as July 11, 2024, by and among Welltower OP, the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (the 2029 Notes Indenture and,
together with the 2028 Notes Indenture, the Indentures). 

In arriving at the opinions expressed below, we have examined originals, or
copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction as being true and complete copies of the originals, specimen common stock certificates, the Indentures and such other documents, corporate records, certificates of officers of the Company
and of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or advisable to enable us to render the opinions set forth below. In our examination, we have assumed without independent investigation the genuineness of all signatures, the
legal capacity and competency of all natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies. 

Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

200 Park Avenue | New York, NY 10166-0193 | T: 212.351.4000 | F: 212.351.4035 | gibsondunn.com 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page 2

Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the assumptions, exceptions, qualifications and limitations set
forth herein, we are of the opinion that the Shares have been duly reserved and authorized for issuance and, if and when issued upon the exchange of the Notes as provided in the applicable Indenture, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

The opinions expressed above are subject to the following exceptions, qualifications, limitations and
assumptions: 

A. The effectiveness of the Registration Statement under the Securities Act will not have been terminated or
rescinded. 

B. We render no opinion herein as to matters involving the laws of any jurisdiction other than the Delaware
General Corporation Law (DGCL). We are not admitted to practice in the State of Delaware; however, we are generally familiar with the DGCL as currently in effect and have made such inquiries as we consider necessary to render the
opinions herein. This opinion is limited to the effect of the current state of the DGCL and the facts as they currently exist. We assume no obligation to revise or supplement this opinion in the event of future changes in such laws or the
interpretations thereof or such facts. 

We consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, and we further consent to
the use of our name under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. In giving these consents, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the
Securities Act or the Rules and Regulations of the Commission. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d926833dex53.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.3
<TEXT>
EX-5.3

Exhibit 5.3 

March 28, 2025 

Welltower Inc. 

4500 Dorr Street 

Toledo, Ohio 43615 

Re: 

Welltower Inc. 

390,590 Shares of Common Stock 

Ladies and
Gentlemen: 

We have acted as counsel to Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the preparation and
filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) of the Prospectus Supplement dated March 28, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement) to the prospectus dated March 28, 2025, included
in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286204) (the Registration Statement), filed with the Commission under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), relating to the registration and possible issuance of up to 390,590 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $1.00 per share (the Shares),
that may be issued from time to time if, and to the extent that, certain holders of Class A units (the Units) of HCN G&L DownREIT II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the DownREIT), tender
such Units for redemption by the DownREIT, and HCN DownREIT Member, LLC, a majority-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company (including its permitted successors and assigns, the Managing Member), or a designated affiliate of the
Managing Member, elects to assume the redemption obligations of the DownREIT and to satisfy all or a portion of the redemption consideration by issuing the Shares to the holders instead of or in addition to paying a cash amount in accordance with
the terms of the DownREITs Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated June 24, 2015 (the LLC Agreement). 

In arriving at the opinions expressed below, we have examined originals, or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction as being true and
complete copies of the originals, of forms of the LLC Agreement, specimen common stock certificates and such other documents, corporate records, certificates of officers of the Company and of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed
necessary or advisable to enable us to render the opinions set forth below. In our examination, we have assumed without independent investigation the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity and competency of all natural persons, the
authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies. As to any facts material to these opinions, we have relied to the extent we deemed appropriate and
without independent investigation upon statements and representations of officers and other representatives of the Company and others. 

We have assumed
without independent investigation that: 

(i) at the time any Shares are issued pursuant to the Registration Statement
(the Relevant Time), the Registration Statement and any supplements and amendments thereto (including post-effective amendments) will be effective and will comply with all applicable laws; 

Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

200 Park Avenue | New York, NY 10166-0193 | T: 212.351.4000 | F: 212.351.4035 | gibsondunn.com 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page 2

(ii) all Shares will be issued and exchanged in the manner stated in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus Supplement; 

(iii) at the Relevant Time, all corporate or other action required to be taken by the Company to
duly authorize each proposed issuance of Shares and any related documentation shall have been duly completed and shall remain in full force and effect; and 

(iv) upon issuance of any Shares, the total number of shares of the Companys common stock or preferred stock issued and outstanding will
not exceed the total number of shares of common stock or preferred stock, as applicable, that the Company is then authorized to issue under its certificate of incorporation and other relevant documents; 

Based on the foregoing and in reliance thereon, and subject to the assumptions, exceptions, qualifications and limitations set forth herein, we are of the
opinion that the Shares have been duly reserved and authorized for issuance, and if, as and when issued in exchange for the Units as provided in the LLC Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable.

The opinions expressed above are subject to the following exceptions, qualifications, limitations
and assumptions: 

A. We render no opinion herein as to matters involving the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York and
the United States of America. This opinion is limited to the effect of the current state of the laws of the State of New York and, the United States of America and the facts as they currently exist. We assume no obligation to revise or supplement
this opinion in the event of future changes in such laws or the interpretations thereof or such facts. 

B. We express no opinion regarding
the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or any other federal or state securities laws or regulations. 

We consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, and we further consent to the use of our name under the caption
Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and
regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d926833dex54.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.4
<TEXT>
EX-5.4

Exhibit 5.4 

March 28, 2025 

Welltower Inc. 

4500 Dorr Street 

Toledo, Ohio 43615 

Re: 

Welltower Inc. 

238,868 Shares of Common Stock 

Ladies and
Gentlemen: 

We have acted as counsel to Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the preparation
and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) of the Prospectus Supplement dated March 28, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement) to the prospectus dated March 28, 2025,
included in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286204) (the Registration Statement), filed with the
Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), relating to the registration and possible issuance of up to 238,868 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $1.00 per share
(the Shares), that may be issued from time to time if, and to the extent that, certain holders of Class A common units (the Units) of Welltower OP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(Welltower OP), tender such Units for redemption by Welltower OP, and the Company elects to assume the redemption obligations of Welltower OP and to satisfy all or a portion of the redemption consideration by issuing the Shares to
the holders instead of or in addition to paying a cash amount in accordance with the terms of the Limited Liability Company Agreement of Welltower OP, dated May 24, 2022 (as amended from time to time, the LLC Agreement).

In arriving at the opinions expressed below, we have examined originals, or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction as being true
and complete copies of the originals, of forms of the LLC Agreement, specimen common stock certificates and such other documents, corporate records, certificates of officers of the Company and of public officials and other instruments as we have
deemed necessary or advisable to enable us to render the opinions set forth below. In our examination, we have assumed without independent investigation the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity and competency of all natural persons, the
authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies. As to any facts material to these opinions, we have relied to the extent we deemed appropriate and
without independent investigation upon statements and representations of officers and other representatives of the Company and others. 

We have assumed
without independent investigation that: 

(i) at the time any Shares are issued pursuant to the Registration Statement
(the Relevant Time), the Registration Statement and any supplements and amendments thereto (including post-effective amendments) will be effective and will comply with all applicable laws; 

Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

200 Park Avenue | New York, NY 10166-0193 | T: 212.351.4000 | F: 212.351.4035 | gibsondunn.com 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page 2

(ii) all Shares will be issued and exchanged in the manner stated in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus Supplement; 

(iii) at the Relevant Time, all corporate or other action required to be taken by the Company to
duly authorize each proposed issuance of Shares and any related documentation shall have been duly completed and shall remain in full force and effect; and 

(iv) upon issuance of any Shares, the total number of shares of the Companys common stock or preferred stock issued and outstanding will
not exceed the total number of shares of common stock or preferred stock, as applicable, that the Company is then authorized to issue under its certificate of incorporation and other relevant documents; 

Based on the foregoing and in reliance thereon, and subject to the assumptions, exceptions, qualifications and limitations set forth herein, we are of the
opinion that the Shares have been duly reserved and authorized for issuance, and if, as and when issued in exchange for the Units as provided in the LLC Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable.

The opinions expressed above are subject to the following exceptions, qualifications, limitations
and assumptions: 

A. We render no opinion herein as to matters involving the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York and
the United States of America. This opinion is limited to the effect of the current state of the laws of the State of New York and, the United States of America and the facts as they currently exist. We assume no obligation to revise or supplement
this opinion in the event of future changes in such laws or the interpretations thereof or such facts. 

B. We express no opinion regarding
the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or any other federal or state securities laws or regulations. 

We consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, and we further consent to the use of our name under the caption
Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and
regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d926833dex55.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.5
<TEXT>
EX-5.5

Exhibit 5.5 

March 28, 2025 

Welltower Inc. 

4500 Dorr Street 

Toledo, Ohio 43615 

Re: 

Welltower Inc. 

Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286204)

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have examined the Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286204) (the Registration Statement), of Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and the prospectus supplement dated
March 28, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement) to the prospectus dated March 28, 2025, relating to the registration and resale by the selling stockholder identified in the Prospectus Supplement of up to 1,563,904 of shares
of common stock, $1.00 par value per share, of the Company (the Shares). 

In arriving at the opinions expressed below, we have examined
originals, or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction as being true and complete copies of the originals, specimen common stock certificates and such other documents, corporate records, certificates of officers of the Company
and of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or advisable to enable us to render the opinions set forth below. In our examination, we have assumed without independent investigation the genuineness of all signatures, the
legal capacity and competency of all natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies. 

Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the assumptions, exceptions, qualifications and limitations set forth herein, we are of the opinion that the Shares
are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

The opinions expressed above are subject to the following
exceptions, qualifications, limitations and assumptions: 

A. The effectiveness of the Registration Statement under the
Securities Act will not have been terminated or rescinded. 

Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

200 Park Avenue | New York, NY 10166-0193 | T: 212.351.4000 | F: 212.351.4035 | gibsondunn.com 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page 2

B. We render no opinion herein as to matters involving the laws of any
jurisdiction other than the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL). We are not admitted to practice in the State of Delaware; however, we are generally familiar with the DGCL as currently in effect and have made such inquiries as
we consider necessary to render the opinions herein. This opinion is limited to the effect of the current state of the DGCL and the facts as they currently exist. We assume no obligation to revise or supplement this opinion in the event of future
changes in such laws or the interpretations thereof or such facts. 

We consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement,
and we further consent to the use of our name under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. In giving these consents, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required
under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the Rules and Regulations of the Commission. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-8.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>d926833dex81.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-8.1
<TEXT>
EX-8.1

Exhibit 8.1 

March 28, 2025 

Welltower Inc. 

4500 Dorr Street 

Toledo, Ohio 43615 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as special tax counsel to Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the issuance and
sale of shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to $7,500,000,000, pursuant to the prospectus supplement dated March 28, 2025 to the prospectus dated March 28, 2025 (collectively, the
Prospectus) included in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286204) (the Registration Statement), filed by
the Company on March 28, 2025 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). You have requested our opinion regarding certain U.S. federal
income tax matters. Certain capitalized terms used herein without definition are as defined in the Registration Statement. 

Prior to a
reorganization (the Reorganization) on April 1, 2022, whereby a newly formed subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub) merged with and into a company formerly known as Welltower Inc. (the Predecessor) and the
Predecessor become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in a transaction intending to qualify as a reorganization under section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the Predecessor was known as
Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the Company was known as WELL Merger Holdco Inc., a Delaware corporation. In connection with the Reorganization, the Predecessor changed its name to Welltower OP Inc., the Company changed its name to
Welltower Inc. and the Predecessor became a qualified REIT subsidiary of the Company. On May 25, 2022, the Predecessor was converted into a Delaware limited liability company known as Welltower OP LLC (Welltower OP). In giving this
opinion, we have examined and relied upon originals or copies of the following documents (the Reviewed Documents): 

the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and the Second Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Predecessor; 

the Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company and the Seventh Amended
and Restated By-Laws of the Predecessor; 

the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2024 (the Annual Report); 

Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

200 Park Avenue | New York, NY 10166-0193 | T: 212.351.4000 | F: 212.351.4035 | gibsondunn.com

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
2

that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, entered into as of April 1, 2022, by and among the Company, the
Predecessor and Merger Sub; 

the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; 

a certificate (an Officers Certificate) from the Company, dated on or about the date hereof and
executed by a duly appointed officer, setting forth certain factual representations relating to the organization, operations and proposed operations of the Company, the Predecessor and its subsidiaries; 

the Companys 2023 U.S. federal income tax return; 

Limited Liability Company Agreement of Welltower OP, dated as of May 24, 2022, as amended, and Amendment
No. 1 thereto, dated June 1, 2022; and 

such other documents as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for purposes of this opinion.

In connection with the opinions rendered below, we have assumed with your consent that: 

1. 

each of the Reviewed Documents has been duly authorized, executed and delivered; is authentic, if an original,
or is accurate, if a copy; and has not been amended since our receipt of such documents; 

2. 

all of the factual representations set forth in the Reviewed Documents are true, correct and complete as of the
date hereof, and any representation or statement made as a belief, intention or to the knowledge of or similarly qualified is correct and accurate, without such qualification; 

3. 

each agreement described in the Reviewed Documents is valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its
terms; 

4. 

each of the obligations of the Company, the Predecessor and their subsidiaries described in the Reviewed
Documents has been or will be performed or satisfied in accordance with its terms without regard to any qualification as to level of effort in satisfying such obligations; 

5. 

the Company, the Predecessor and their subsidiaries, have operated and will operate, in a manner that has
caused or will make, as the case may be, the factual representations relating to the ownership, operation, future method of operations and compliance of the Company with the real estate investment trust (REIT) provisions of Code and the
Treasury Regulations (the Regulations) thereunder, as in effect as of the date hereof, contained in the Officers Certificate true; 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
3

6. 

the Company will not make any amendments to its organizational documents after the date of this opinion that
would affect its qualification as a REIT under sections 856 through 860 of the Code for any taxable year; and 

7. 

no action will be taken by the Company, the Predecessor or their subsidiaries after the date hereof that would
have the effect of altering the facts upon which the opinions set forth below are based. 

In our capacity as special tax
counsel to the Company, we have made such legal and factual examinations and inquiries as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for purposes of our opinions rendered below. For the purposes of rendering these opinions, we have not made an
independent investigation of the facts set forth in any documents delivered to us, including, without limitation, the Officers Certificate. We have relied completely upon the Companys representations that the information presented in
such documents accurately reflects all material facts. In the course of our representation of the Company, we have not been made aware of any facts inconsistent with such factual representations. In addition, where such factual representations
involve terms defined or used in the Code, the Regulations, published rulings of the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) or other relevant authority, we have explained such terms to the Companys representatives and are satisfied
that the Companys representatives understand such terms and are capable of making such factual representations. 

Based on the Code,
Regulations, documents, assumptions, qualifications and statements set forth above and the factual representations set forth in the Officers Certificate and our review of the discussion in the Annual Report under the caption
Taxation, we are of the opinion that: 

a) 

the Predecessor had been organized and had operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and
taxation as a REIT pursuant to sections 856 through 860 of the Code for its taxable years ended December 31, 2011 through December 31, 2021; 

b) 

the Company has been organized and has operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and
taxation as a REIT pursuant to sections 856 through 860 of the Code for its taxable years ended December 31, 2022 through December 31, 2024; 

c) 

the Companys organization and current and proposed method of operations, if continued, will enable the
Company to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code for each of its taxable years ending after December 31, 2024; and 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
4

d) 

the discussion contained under the caption Taxation in the Annual Report, to the extent it
constitutes matters of U.S. federal income tax law or legal conclusions relating thereto, and subject to the limitations, qualifications and assumptions set forth therein, fairly and accurately summarizes in all material respects the matters set
forth therein. 

We will not review on a continuing basis the Companys compliance with the documents or assumptions
set forth above or the factual representations set forth in the Officers Certificate. 

The Companys qualification and taxation
as a REIT under the Code depends upon the ability of the Company to meet on an ongoing basis (through actual quarterly and annual operating results, distribution levels, diversity of stock ownership and otherwise) the various qualification tests
imposed under the Code and upon the Company utilizing any and all appropriate savings provisions (including the provisions of Sections 856(c)(6), 856(c)(7) and 856(g) of the Code, the provision of Section 856(c)(4) of the Code
(flush language) allowing for the disposal of assets within 30 days after the close of a calendar quarter and all available deficiency dividend procedures) available to the Company under the Code to correct violations of specified REIT qualification
requirements of Sections 856 and 857 of the Code. Our opinion set forth above does not foreclose the possibility that the Company may have to utilize one or more of the savings provisions in the future, which could require the Company to
pay an excise or penalty tax (which could be significant in amount) in order to maintain its REIT qualification. 

We have not undertaken
to review the Companys compliance with these requirements on a continuing basis, nor will we do so in the future. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the actual results of the Companys operations for any given taxable year will
satisfy the requirements under the Code for qualification and taxation as a REIT. The foregoing opinions are based on current provisions of the Code and the Regulations, published administrative interpretations thereof and published court decisions
and assume that none of these will change. No assurance, however, can be given that the law will not change, possibly with retroactive effect, in a way that will prevent the Company from qualifying as a REIT. Any change occurring after the date
hereof in, or a variation from, any of the foregoing bases for our opinions could affect the conclusions expressed herein. The foregoing opinions do not foreclose the possibility of a contrary determination by the IRS or a court of competent
jurisdiction or of a contrary position taken by the IRS or the Treasury Department in Regulations or rulings issued in the future. In this regard, an opinion of counsel with respect to an issue represents counsels best professional judgment
with respect to the outcome on the merits with respect to such issue, if such issue were to be litigated, but an opinion is not binding on the IRS or the courts and is not a guarantee that the IRS will not assert a contrary position with respect to
such issue or that a court will not sustain such a position asserted by the IRS. 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
5

The foregoing opinions are limited to the U.S. federal income tax matters addressed herein,
and no other opinions are rendered with respect to other federal tax matters or to any issues arising under the tax laws of any other country or any state or locality. You must judge for yourselves whether the matters addressed in this opinion
letter are sufficient for your purposes. 

We undertake no obligation to update the opinions expressed herein after the date of this
letter. This letter has been prepared solely for your use in connection with the filing of the Registration Statement and speaks only as of this date. 

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form
8-K to be filed with the Commission on or about the date hereof. In giving this consent, we do not acknowledge that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required by Section 7 of the
Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the Commission. 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
6

Very truly yours,

/s/ Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

GIBSON, DUNN & CRUTCHER LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-8.2
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>d926833dex82.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-8.2
<TEXT>
EX-8.2

Exhibit 8.2 

March 28, 2025 

Welltower Inc. 

4500 Dorr Street 

Toledo, Ohio 43615 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as special tax counsel to Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the prospectus
supplement dated March 28, 2025 to the prospectus dated March 28, 2025 (collectively, the Prospectus) included in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286204) (the Registration Statement), filed by the Company on March 28, 2025 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), relating to the registration and potential issuance of up to 23,471,419 shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the Company, that may be issued from time to time upon exchange of the 2.750%
Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2028 or the 3.125% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2029 of Welltower OP LLC (as defined below). You have requested our opinion regarding certain U.S. federal income tax matters. Certain capitalized terms used herein
without definition are as defined in the Registration Statement. 

Prior to a reorganization (the Reorganization) on
April 1, 2022, whereby a newly formed subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub) merged with and into a company formerly known as Welltower Inc. (the Predecessor) and the Predecessor become a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company in a transaction intending to qualify as a reorganization under section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the Predecessor was known as Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the
Company was known as WELL Merger Holdco Inc., a Delaware corporation. In connection with the Reorganization, the Predecessor changed its name to Welltower OP Inc., the Company changed its name to Welltower Inc. and the Predecessor became a qualified
REIT subsidiary of the Company. On May 25, 2022, the Predecessor was converted into a Delaware limited liability company known as Welltower OP LLC (Welltower OP). In giving this opinion, we have examined and relied upon originals or
copies of the following documents (the Reviewed Documents): 

the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and the Second Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Predecessor; 

the Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company and the Seventh Amended
and Restated By-Laws of the Predecessor; 

Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

200 Park Avenue | New York, NY 10166-0193 | T: 212.351.4000 | F: 212.351.4035 | gibsondunn.com

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
2

the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2024 (the Annual Report); 

that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, entered into as of April 1, 2022, by and among the Company, the
Predecessor and Merger Sub; 

the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; 

a certificate (an Officers Certificate) from the Company, dated on or about the date hereof and
executed by a duly appointed officer, setting forth certain factual representations relating to the organization, operations and proposed operations of the Company, the Predecessor and its subsidiaries; 

the Companys 2023 U.S. federal income tax return; 

Limited Liability Company Agreement of Welltower OP, dated as of May 24, 2022, as amended, and Amendment
No. 1 thereto, dated June 1, 2022; and 

such other documents as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for purposes of this opinion.

In connection with the opinions rendered below, we have assumed with your consent that: 

1. 

each of the Reviewed Documents has been duly authorized, executed and delivered; is authentic, if an original,
or is accurate, if a copy; and has not been amended since our receipt of such documents; 

2. 

all of the factual representations set forth in the Reviewed Documents are true, correct and complete as of the
date hereof, and any representation or statement made as a belief, intention or to the knowledge of or similarly qualified is correct and accurate, without such qualification; 

3. 

each agreement described in the Reviewed Documents is valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its
terms; 

4. 

each of the obligations of the Company, the Predecessor and their subsidiaries described in the Reviewed
Documents has been or will be performed or satisfied in accordance with its terms without regard to any qualification as to level of effort in satisfying such obligations; 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
3

5. 

the Company, the Predecessor and their subsidiaries, have operated and will operate, in a manner that has
caused or will make, as the case may be, the factual representations relating to the ownership, operation, future method of operations and compliance of the Company with the real estate investment trust (REIT) provisions of Code and the
Treasury Regulations (the Regulations) thereunder, as in effect as of the date hereof, contained in the Officers Certificate true; 

6. 

the Company will not make any amendments to its organizational documents after the date of this opinion that
would affect its qualification as a REIT under sections 856 through 860 of the Code for any taxable year; and 

7. 

no action will be taken by the Company, the Predecessor or their subsidiaries after the date hereof that would
have the effect of altering the facts upon which the opinions set forth below are based. 

In our capacity as special tax
counsel to the Company, we have made such legal and factual examinations and inquiries as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for purposes of our opinions rendered below. For the purposes of rendering these opinions, we have not made an
independent investigation of the facts set forth in any documents delivered to us, including, without limitation, the Officers Certificate. We have relied completely upon the Companys representations that the information presented in
such documents accurately reflects all material facts. In the course of our representation of the Company, we have not been made aware of any facts inconsistent with such factual representations. In addition, where such factual representations
involve terms defined or used in the Code, the Regulations, published rulings of the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) or other relevant authority, we have explained such terms to the Companys representatives and are satisfied
that the Companys representatives understand such terms and are capable of making such factual representations. 

Based on the Code,
Regulations, documents, assumptions, qualifications and statements set forth above and the factual representations set forth in the Officers Certificate and our review of the discussion in the Annual Report under the caption
Taxation, we are of the opinion that: 

a) 

the Predecessor had been organized and had operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and
taxation as a REIT pursuant to sections 856 through 860 of the Code for its taxable years ended December 31, 2011 through December 31, 2021; 

b) 

the Company has been organized and has operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and
taxation as a REIT pursuant to sections 856 through 860 of the Code for its taxable years ended December 31, 2022 through December 31, 2024; 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
4

c) 

the Companys organization and current and proposed method of operations, if continued, will enable the
Company to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code for each of its taxable years ending after December 31, 2024; and 

d) 

the discussion contained under the caption Taxation in the Annual Report, to the extent it
constitutes matters of U.S. federal income tax law or legal conclusions relating thereto, and subject to the limitations, qualifications and assumptions set forth therein, fairly and accurately summarizes in all material respects the matters set
forth therein. 

We will not review on a continuing basis the Companys compliance with the documents or assumptions
set forth above or the factual representations set forth in the Officers Certificate. 

The Companys qualification and taxation
as a REIT under the Code depends upon the ability of the Company to meet on an ongoing basis (through actual quarterly and annual operating results, distribution levels, diversity of stock ownership and otherwise) the various qualification tests
imposed under the Code and upon the Company utilizing any and all appropriate savings provisions (including the provisions of Sections 856(c)(6), 856(c)(7) and 856(g) of the Code, the provision of Section 856(c)(4) of the Code
(flush language) allowing for the disposal of assets within 30 days after the close of a calendar quarter and all available deficiency dividend procedures) available to the Company under the Code to correct violations of specified REIT qualification
requirements of Sections 856 and 857 of the Code. Our opinion set forth above does not foreclose the possibility that the Company may have to utilize one or more of the savings provisions in the future, which could require the Company to
pay an excise or penalty tax (which could be significant in amount) in order to maintain its REIT qualification. 

We have not undertaken
to review the Companys compliance with these requirements on a continuing basis, nor will we do so in the future. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the actual results of the Companys operations for any given taxable year will
satisfy the requirements under the Code for qualification and taxation as a REIT. The foregoing opinions are based on current provisions of the Code and the Regulations, published administrative interpretations thereof and published court decisions
and assume that none of these will change. No assurance, however, can be given that the law will not change, possibly with retroactive effect, in a way that will prevent the Company from qualifying as a REIT. Any change occurring after the date
hereof in, or a variation from, any of the foregoing bases for our opinions could affect the conclusions expressed herein. The foregoing opinions do not foreclose the possibility of a contrary determination by the IRS or a court of competent
jurisdiction or of a contrary position taken by the IRS or the Treasury Department in Regulations or rulings issued in the future. In this regard, an opinion of counsel with respect to an issue represents counsels best professional judgment
with respect to the outcome on the merits with respect to such issue, if such issue were to be litigated, but an opinion is not binding on the IRS or the courts and is not a guarantee that the IRS will not assert a contrary position with respect to
such issue or that a court will not sustain such a position asserted by the IRS. 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
5

The foregoing opinions are limited to the U.S. federal income tax matters addressed herein,
and no other opinions are rendered with respect to other federal tax matters or to any issues arising under the tax laws of any other country or any state or locality. You must judge for yourselves whether the matters addressed in this opinion
letter are sufficient for your purposes. 

We undertake no obligation to update the opinions expressed herein after the date of this
letter. This letter has been prepared solely for your use in connection with the filing of the Registration Statement and speaks only as of this date. 

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form
8-K to be filed with the Commission on or about the date hereof. In giving this consent, we do not acknowledge that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required by Section 7 of the
Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the Commission. 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
6

Very truly yours,

/s/ Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

GIBSON, DUNN & CRUTCHER LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-8.3
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>d926833dex83.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-8.3
<TEXT>
EX-8.3

Exhibit 8.3 

March 28, 2025 

Welltower Inc. 

4500 Dorr Street 

Toledo, Ohio 43615 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as special tax counsel to Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the prospectus
supplement dated March 28, 2025 to the prospectus dated March 28, 2025 (collectively, the Prospectus) included in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286204) (the Registration Statement), filed by the Company on March 28, 2025 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), relating to the registration and potential issuance of up to 475,327 shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the Company (the Shares), that may be issued from time to time if,
and to the extent that, certain holders of Class A Units of membership interests (the Units) in HCN G&L DownREIT II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the DownREIT), tender such Units for redemption by the
DownREIT, and HCN DownREIT Member, LLC, a majority- owned indirect subsidiary of the Company (including its permitted successors and assigns, the Managing Member), or a designated affiliate of the Managing Member, elects to assume the
redemption obligations of the DownREIT and to satisfy all or a portion of the redemption consideration by issuing the Shares to the holders instead of or in addition to paying a cash amount. You have requested our opinion regarding certain U.S.
federal income tax matters. Certain capitalized terms used herein without definition are as defined in the Registration Statement. 

Prior
to a reorganization (the Reorganization) on April 1, 2022, whereby a newly formed subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub) merged with and into a company formerly known as Welltower Inc. (the Predecessor) and
the Predecessor become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in a transaction intending to qualify as a reorganization under section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the Predecessor was known
as Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the Company was known as WELL Merger Holdco Inc., a Delaware corporation. In connection with the Reorganization, the Predecessor changed its name to Welltower OP Inc., the Company changed its name to
Welltower Inc. and the Predecessor became a qualified REIT subsidiary of the Company. On May 25, 2022, the Predecessor was converted into a Delaware limited liability company known as Welltower OP LLC (Welltower OP). In giving this
opinion, we have examined and relied upon originals or copies of the following documents (the Reviewed Documents): 

the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and the Second Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Predecessor; 

Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

200 Park Avenue | New York, NY 10166-0193 | T: 212.351.4000 | F: 212.351.4035 | gibsondunn.com

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
2

the Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company and the Seventh Amended
and Restated By-Laws of the Predecessor; 

the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2024 (the Annual Report); 

that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, entered into as of April 1, 2022, by and among the Company, the
Predecessor and Merger Sub; 

the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; 

a certificate (an Officers Certificate) from the Company, dated on or about the date hereof and
executed by a duly appointed officer, setting forth certain factual representations relating to the organization, operations and proposed operations of the Company, the Predecessor and its subsidiaries; 

the Companys 2023 U.S. federal income tax return; 

Limited Liability Company Agreement of Welltower OP, dated as of May 24, 2022, as amended, and Amendment
No. 1 thereto, dated June 1, 2022; and 

such other documents as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for purposes of this opinion.

In connection with the opinions rendered below, we have assumed with your consent that: 

1. 

each of the Reviewed Documents has been duly authorized, executed and delivered; is authentic, if an original,
or is accurate, if a copy; and has not been amended since our receipt of such documents; 

2. 

all of the factual representations set forth in the Reviewed Documents are true, correct and complete as of the
date hereof, and any representation or statement made as a belief, intention or to the knowledge of or similarly qualified is correct and accurate, without such qualification; 

3. 

each agreement described in the Reviewed Documents is valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its
terms; 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
3

4. 

each of the obligations of the Company, the Predecessor and their subsidiaries described in the Reviewed
Documents has been or will be performed or satisfied in accordance with its terms without regard to any qualification as to level of effort in satisfying such obligations; 

5. 

the Company, the Predecessor and their subsidiaries, have operated and will operate, in a manner that has
caused or will make, as the case may be, the factual representations relating to the ownership, operation, future method of operations and compliance of the Company with the real estate investment trust (REIT) provisions of Code and the
Treasury Regulations (the Regulations) thereunder, as in effect as of the date hereof, contained in the Officers Certificate true; 

6. 

the Company will not make any amendments to its organizational documents after the date of this opinion that
would affect its qualification as a REIT under sections 856 through 860 of the Code for any taxable year; and 

7. 

no action will be taken by the Company, the Predecessor or their subsidiaries after the date hereof that would
have the effect of altering the facts upon which the opinions set forth below are based. 

In our capacity as special tax
counsel to the Company, we have made such legal and factual examinations and inquiries as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for purposes of our opinions rendered below. For the purposes of rendering these opinions, we have not made an
independent investigation of the facts set forth in any documents delivered to us, including, without limitation, the Officers Certificate. We have relied completely upon the Companys representations that the information presented in
such documents accurately reflects all material facts. In the course of our representation of the Company, we have not been made aware of any facts inconsistent with such factual representations. In addition, where such factual representations
involve terms defined or used in the Code, the Regulations, published rulings of the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) or other relevant authority, we have explained such terms to the Companys representatives and are satisfied
that the Companys representatives understand such terms and are capable of making such factual representations. 

Based on the Code,
Regulations, documents, assumptions, qualifications and statements set forth above and the factual representations set forth in the Officers Certificate and our review of the discussion in the Annual Report under the caption
Taxation and in the Prospectus under the caption U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations of a Redemption of Class A Units, we are of the opinion that: 

a) 

the Predecessor had been organized and had operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and
taxation as a REIT pursuant to sections 856 through 860 of the Code for its taxable years ended December 31, 2011 through December 31, 2021; 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
4

b) 

the Company has been organized and has operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and
taxation as a REIT pursuant to sections 856 through 860 of the Code for its taxable years ended December 31, 2022 through December 31, 2024; 

c) 

the Companys organization and current and proposed method of operations, if continued, will enable the
Company to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code for each of its taxable years ending after December 31, 2024; and 

d) 

the discussion contained under the caption Taxation in the Annual Report and under the caption
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations of a Redemption of Class A Units in the Prospectus, each, to the extent it constitutes matters of U.S. federal income tax law or legal conclusions relating thereto, and subject to the
limitations, qualifications and assumptions set forth therein, fairly and accurately summarizes in all material respects the matters set forth therein. 

We will not review on a continuing basis the Companys compliance with the documents or assumptions set forth above or the factual
representations set forth in the Officers Certificate. 

The Companys qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code
depends upon the ability of the Company to meet on an ongoing basis (through actual quarterly and annual operating results, distribution levels, diversity of stock ownership and otherwise) the various qualification tests imposed under the Code and
upon the Company utilizing any and all appropriate savings provisions (including the provisions of Sections 856(c)(6), 856(c)(7) and 856(g) of the Code, the provision of Section 856(c)(4) of the Code (flush language) allowing for
the disposal of assets within 30 days after the close of a calendar quarter and all available deficiency dividend procedures) available to the Company under the Code to correct violations of specified REIT qualification requirements of Sections 856
and 857 of the Code. Our opinion set forth above does not foreclose the possibility that the Company may have to utilize one or more of the savings provisions in the future, which could require the Company to pay an excise or penalty tax
(which could be significant in amount) in order to maintain its REIT qualification. 

We have not undertaken to review the Companys
compliance with these requirements on a continuing basis, nor will we do so in the future. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the actual results of the Companys operations for any given taxable year will satisfy the requirements under
the Code for qualification and taxation as a REIT. The foregoing opinions are based on current provisions of the Code and the Regulations, published administrative 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
5

interpretations thereof and published court decisions and assume that none of these will change. No assurance, however, can be given that the law will not change, possibly with retroactive
effect, in a way that will prevent the Company from qualifying as a REIT. Any change occurring after the date hereof in, or a variation from, any of the foregoing bases for our opinions could affect the conclusions expressed herein. The foregoing
opinions do not foreclose the possibility of a contrary determination by the IRS or a court of competent jurisdiction or of a contrary position taken by the IRS or the Treasury Department in Regulations or rulings issued in the future. In this
regard, an opinion of counsel with respect to an issue represents counsels best professional judgment with respect to the outcome on the merits with respect to such issue, if such issue were to be litigated, but an opinion is not binding on
the IRS or the courts and is not a guarantee that the IRS will not assert a contrary position with respect to such issue or that a court will not sustain such a position asserted by the IRS. 

The foregoing opinions are limited to the U.S. federal income tax matters addressed herein, and no other opinions are rendered with respect to
other federal tax matters or to any issues arising under the tax laws of any other country or any state or locality. You must judge for yourselves whether the matters addressed in this opinion letter are sufficient for your purposes. 

We undertake no obligation to update the opinions expressed herein after the date of this letter. This letter has been prepared solely for
your use in connection with the filing of the Registration Statement and speaks only as of this date. 

We hereby consent to the filing of
this opinion as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the Commission on or about the date hereof. In giving this consent, we do not acknowledge that we are in the
category of persons whose consent is required by Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the Commission. 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
6

Very truly yours,

/s/ Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

GIBSON, DUNN & CRUTCHER LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-8.4
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>d926833dex84.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-8.4
<TEXT>
EX-8.4

Exhibit 8.4 

March 28, 2025 

Welltower Inc. 

4500 Dorr Street 

Toledo, Ohio 43615 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as special tax counsel to Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the prospectus
supplement dated March 28, 2025 to the prospectus dated March 28, 2025 (collectively, the Prospectus) included in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286204) (the Registration Statement), filed by the Company on March 28, 2025 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), relating to the registration and potential issuance of up to 238,868 shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the Company (the Shares), that may be issued from time to time if,
and to the extent that, certain holders of Class A Units (the Units) of Welltower OP LLC (as defined below) tender such Units for redemption by Welltower OP, and the Company elects to assume the redemption obligations of Welltower
OP and to satisfy all or a portion of the redemption consideration by issuing the Shares to the holders instead of or in addition to paying a cash amount in accordance with the terms of the Limited Liability Company Agreement of Welltower OP, dated
May 24, 2022, as amended, and Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated June 1, 2022 (such Amendment No. 1 together with such Limited Liability Company Agreement of Welltower OP, the LLCA). You have requested our opinion
regarding certain U.S. federal income tax matters. Certain capitalized terms used herein without definition are as defined in the Registration Statement. 

Prior to a reorganization (the Reorganization) on April 1, 2022, whereby a newly formed subsidiary of the Company
(Merger Sub) merged with and into a company formerly known as Welltower Inc. (the Predecessor) and the Predecessor become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in a transaction intending to qualify as a reorganization
under section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the Predecessor was known as Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the Company was known as WELL Merger Holdco Inc., a Delaware corporation. In
connection with the Reorganization, the Predecessor changed its name to Welltower OP Inc., the Company changed its name to Welltower Inc. and the Predecessor became a qualified REIT subsidiary of the Company. On May 25, 2022, the Predecessor
was converted into a Delaware limited liability company known as Welltower OP LLC (Welltower OP). In giving this opinion, we have examined and relied upon originals or copies of the following documents (the Reviewed
Documents): 

the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and the Second Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Predecessor; 

Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

200 Park Avenue | New York, NY 10166-0193 | T: 212.351.4000 | F: 212.351.4035 | gibsondunn.com

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
2

the Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company and the Seventh Amended
and Restated By-Laws of the Predecessor; 

the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2024 (the Annual Report); 

that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, entered into as of April 1, 2022, by and among the Company, the
Predecessor and Merger Sub; 

the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; 

a certificate (an Officers Certificate) from the Company, dated on or about the date hereof and
executed by a duly appointed officer, setting forth certain factual representations relating to the organization, operations and proposed operations of the Company, the Predecessor and its subsidiaries; 

the Companys 2023 U.S. federal income tax return; 

the LLCA; and 

such other documents as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for purposes of this opinion.

In connection with the opinions rendered below, we have assumed with your consent that: 

1. 

each of the Reviewed Documents has been duly authorized, executed and delivered; is authentic, if an original,
or is accurate, if a copy; and has not been amended since our receipt of such documents; 

2. 

all of the factual representations set forth in the Reviewed Documents are true, correct and complete as of the
date hereof, and any representation or statement made as a belief, intention or to the knowledge of or similarly qualified is correct and accurate, without such qualification; 

3. 

each agreement described in the Reviewed Documents is valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its
terms; 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
3

4. 

each of the obligations of the Company, the Predecessor and their subsidiaries described in the Reviewed
Documents has been or will be performed or satisfied in accordance with its terms without regard to any qualification as to level of effort in satisfying such obligations; 

5. 

the Company, the Predecessor and their subsidiaries, have operated and will operate, in a manner that has
caused or will make, as the case may be, the factual representations relating to the ownership, operation, future method of operations and compliance of the Company with the real estate investment trust (REIT) provisions of Code and the
Treasury Regulations (the Regulations) thereunder, as in effect as of the date hereof, contained in the Officers Certificate true; 

6. 

the Company will not make any amendments to its organizational documents after the date of this opinion that
would affect its qualification as a REIT under sections 856 through 860 of the Code for any taxable year; and 

7. 

no action will be taken by the Company, the Predecessor or their subsidiaries after the date hereof that would
have the effect of altering the facts upon which the opinions set forth below are based. 

In our capacity as special tax
counsel to the Company, we have made such legal and factual examinations and inquiries as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for purposes of our opinions rendered below. For the purposes of rendering these opinions, we have not made an
independent investigation of the facts set forth in any documents delivered to us, including, without limitation, the Officers Certificate. We have relied completely upon the Companys representations that the information presented in
such documents accurately reflects all material facts. In the course of our representation of the Company, we have not been made aware of any facts inconsistent with such factual representations. In addition, where such factual representations
involve terms defined or used in the Code, the Regulations, published rulings of the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) or other relevant authority, we have explained such terms to the Companys representatives and are satisfied
that the Companys representatives understand such terms and are capable of making such factual representations. 

Based on the Code,
Regulations, documents, assumptions, qualifications and statements set forth above and the factual representations set forth in the Officers Certificate and our review of the discussion in the Annual Report under the caption
Taxation and in the Prospectus under the caption U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations of a Redemption of Class A Units, we are of the opinion that: 

a) 

the Predecessor had been organized and had operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and
taxation as a REIT pursuant to sections 856 through 860 of the Code for its taxable years ended December 31, 2011 through December 31, 2021; 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
4

b) 

the Company has been organized and has operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and
taxation as a REIT pursuant to sections 856 through 860 of the Code for its taxable years ended December 31, 2022 through December 31, 2024; 

c) 

the Companys organization and current and proposed method of operations, if continued, will enable the
Company to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code for each of its taxable years ending after December 31, 2024; and 

d) 

the discussion contained under the caption Taxation in the Annual Report and under the caption
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations of a Redemption of Class A Units in the Prospectus, each, to the extent it constitutes matters of U.S. federal income tax law or legal conclusions relating thereto, and subject to the
limitations, qualifications and assumptions set forth therein, fairly and accurately summarizes in all material respects the matters set forth therein. 

We will not review on a continuing basis the Companys compliance with the documents or assumptions set forth above or the factual
representations set forth in the Officers Certificate. 

The Companys qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code
depends upon the ability of the Company to meet on an ongoing basis (through actual quarterly and annual operating results, distribution levels, diversity of stock ownership and otherwise) the various qualification tests imposed under the Code and
upon the Company utilizing any and all appropriate savings provisions (including the provisions of Sections 856(c)(6), 856(c)(7) and 856(g) of the Code, the provision of Section 856(c)(4) of the Code (flush language) allowing for
the disposal of assets within 30 days after the close of a calendar quarter and all available deficiency dividend procedures) available to the Company under the Code to correct violations of specified REIT qualification requirements of Sections 856
and 857 of the Code. Our opinion set forth above does not foreclose the possibility that the Company may have to utilize one or more of the savings provisions in the future, which could require the Company to pay an excise or penalty tax
(which could be significant in amount) in order to maintain its REIT qualification. 

We have not undertaken to review the Companys
compliance with these requirements on a continuing basis, nor will we do so in the future. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the actual results of the Companys operations for any given taxable year will satisfy the requirements under
the Code for qualification and taxation as a REIT. The foregoing opinions are based on current provisions of the Code and the Regulations, published administrative 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
5

interpretations thereof and published court decisions and assume that none of these will change. No assurance, however, can be given that the law will not change, possibly with retroactive
effect, in a way that will prevent the Company from qualifying as a REIT. Any change occurring after the date hereof in, or a variation from, any of the foregoing bases for our opinions could affect the conclusions expressed herein. The foregoing
opinions do not foreclose the possibility of a contrary determination by the IRS or a court of competent jurisdiction or of a contrary position taken by the IRS or the Treasury Department in Regulations or rulings issued in the future. In this
regard, an opinion of counsel with respect to an issue represents counsels best professional judgment with respect to the outcome on the merits with respect to such issue, if such issue were to be litigated, but an opinion is not binding on
the IRS or the courts and is not a guarantee that the IRS will not assert a contrary position with respect to such issue or that a court will not sustain such a position asserted by the IRS. 

The foregoing opinions are limited to the U.S. federal income tax matters addressed herein, and no other opinions are rendered with respect to
other federal tax matters or to any issues arising under the tax laws of any other country or any state or locality. You must judge for yourselves whether the matters addressed in this opinion letter are sufficient for your purposes. 

We undertake no obligation to update the opinions expressed herein after the date of this letter. This letter has been prepared solely for
your use in connection with the filing of the Registration Statement and speaks only as of this date. 

We hereby consent to the filing of
this opinion as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the Commission on or about the date hereof. In giving this consent, we do not acknowledge that we are in the
category of persons whose consent is required by Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the Commission. 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
6

Very truly yours,

/s/ Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

GIBSON, DUNN & CRUTCHER LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-8.5
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>d926833dex85.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-8.5
<TEXT>
EX-8.5

Exhibit 8.5 

March 28, 2025 

Welltower Inc. 

4500 Dorr Street 

Toledo, Ohio 43615 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as special tax counsel to Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the prospectus
supplement dated March 28, 2025 to the prospectus dated March 28, 2025 (collectively, the Prospectus) included in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286204) (the Registration Statement), filed by the Company on March 28, 2025 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), relating to the registration and resale by the selling stockholder identified in the Prospectus of up to 1,563,904 shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the Company. You have requested our
opinion regarding certain U.S. federal income tax matters. Certain capitalized terms used herein without definition are as defined in the Registration Statement. 

Prior to a reorganization (the Reorganization) on April 1, 2022, whereby a newly formed subsidiary of the Company
(Merger Sub) merged with and into a company formerly known as Welltower Inc. (the Predecessor) and the Predecessor become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in a transaction intending to qualify as a reorganization
under section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the Predecessor was known as Welltower Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the Company was known as WELL Merger Holdco Inc., a Delaware corporation. In
connection with the Reorganization, the Predecessor changed its name to Welltower OP Inc., the Company changed its name to Welltower Inc. and the Predecessor became a qualified REIT subsidiary of the Company. On May 25, 2022, the Predecessor
was converted into a Delaware limited liability company known as Welltower OP LLC (Welltower OP). In giving this opinion, we have examined and relied upon originals or copies of the following documents (the Reviewed
Documents): 

the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and the Second Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Predecessor; 

the Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company and the Seventh Amended
and Restated By-Laws of the Predecessor; 

the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2024 (the Annual Report); 

Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

200 Park Avenue | New York, NY 10166-0193 | T: 212.351.4000 | F: 212.351.4035 | gibsondunn.com

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
2

that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, entered into as of April 1, 2022, by and among the Company, the
Predecessor and Merger Sub; 

the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; 

a certificate (an Officers Certificate) from the Company, dated on or about the date hereof and
executed by a duly appointed officer, setting forth certain factual representations relating to the organization, operations and proposed operations of the Company, the Predecessor and its subsidiaries; 

the Companys 2023 U.S. federal income tax return; 

Limited Liability Company Agreement of Welltower OP, dated as of May 24, 2022, as amended, and Amendment
No. 1 thereto, dated June 1, 2022; and 

such other documents as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for purposes of this opinion.

In connection with the opinions rendered below, we have assumed with your consent that: 

1. 

each of the Reviewed Documents has been duly authorized, executed and delivered; is authentic, if an original,
or is accurate, if a copy; and has not been amended since our receipt of such documents; 

2. 

all of the factual representations set forth in the Reviewed Documents are true, correct and complete as of the
date hereof, and any representation or statement made as a belief, intention or to the knowledge of or similarly qualified is correct and accurate, without such qualification; 

3. 

each agreement described in the Reviewed Documents is valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its
terms; 

4. 

each of the obligations of the Company, the Predecessor and their subsidiaries described in the Reviewed
Documents has been or will be performed or satisfied in accordance with its terms without regard to any qualification as to level of effort in satisfying such obligations; 

5. 

the Company, the Predecessor and their subsidiaries, have operated and will operate, in a manner that has
caused or will make, as the case may be, the factual representations relating to the ownership, operation, future method of operations and compliance of the Company with the real estate investment trust (REIT) provisions of Code and the
Treasury Regulations (the Regulations) thereunder, as in effect as of the date hereof, contained in the Officers Certificate true; 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
3

6. 

the Company will not make any amendments to its organizational documents after the date of this opinion that
would affect its qualification as a REIT under sections 856 through 860 of the Code for any taxable year; and 

7. 

no action will be taken by the Company, the Predecessor or their subsidiaries after the date hereof that would
have the effect of altering the facts upon which the opinions set forth below are based. 

In our capacity as special tax
counsel to the Company, we have made such legal and factual examinations and inquiries as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for purposes of our opinions rendered below. For the purposes of rendering these opinions, we have not made an
independent investigation of the facts set forth in any documents delivered to us, including, without limitation, the Officers Certificate. We have relied completely upon the Companys representations that the information presented in
such documents accurately reflects all material facts. In the course of our representation of the Company, we have not been made aware of any facts inconsistent with such factual representations. In addition, where such factual representations
involve terms defined or used in the Code, the Regulations, published rulings of the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) or other relevant authority, we have explained such terms to the Companys representatives and are satisfied
that the Companys representatives understand such terms and are capable of making such factual representations. 

Based on the Code,
Regulations, documents, assumptions, qualifications and statements set forth above and the factual representations set forth in the Officers Certificate and our review of the discussion in the Annual Report under the caption
Taxation, we are of the opinion that: 

a) 

the Predecessor had been organized and had operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and
taxation as a REIT pursuant to sections 856 through 860 of the Code for its taxable years ended December 31, 2011 through December 31, 2021; 

b) 

the Company has been organized and has operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and
taxation as a REIT pursuant to sections 856 through 860 of the Code for its taxable years ended December 31, 2022 through December 31, 2024; 

c) 

the Companys organization and current and proposed method of operations, if continued, will enable the
Company to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code for each of its taxable years ending after December 31, 2024; and 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
4

d) 

the discussion contained under the caption Taxation in the Annual Report, each, to the extent it
constitutes matters of U.S. federal income tax law or legal conclusions relating thereto, and subject to the limitations, qualifications and assumptions set forth therein, fairly and accurately summarizes in all material respects the matters set
forth therein. 

We will not review on a continuing basis the Companys compliance with the documents or assumptions
set forth above or the factual representations set forth in the Officers Certificate. 

The Companys qualification and taxation
as a REIT under the Code depends upon the ability of the Company to meet on an ongoing basis (through actual quarterly and annual operating results, distribution levels, diversity of stock ownership and otherwise) the various qualification tests
imposed under the Code and upon the Company utilizing any and all appropriate savings provisions (including the provisions of Sections 856(c)(6), 856(c)(7) and 856(g) of the Code, the provision of Section 856(c)(4) of the Code
(flush language) allowing for the disposal of assets within 30 days after the close of a calendar quarter and all available deficiency dividend procedures) available to the Company under the Code to correct violations of specified REIT qualification
requirements of Sections 856 and 857 of the Code. Our opinion set forth above does not foreclose the possibility that the Company may have to utilize one or more of the savings provisions in the future, which could require the Company to
pay an excise or penalty tax (which could be significant in amount) in order to maintain its REIT qualification. 

We have not undertaken
to review the Companys compliance with these requirements on a continuing basis, nor will we do so in the future. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the actual results of the Companys operations for any given taxable year will
satisfy the requirements under the Code for qualification and taxation as a REIT. The foregoing opinions are based on current provisions of the Code and the Regulations, published administrative interpretations thereof and published court decisions
and assume that none of these will change. No assurance, however, can be given that the law will not change, possibly with retroactive effect, in a way that will prevent the Company from qualifying as a REIT. Any change occurring after the date
hereof in, or a variation from, any of the foregoing bases for our opinions could affect the conclusions expressed herein. The foregoing opinions do not foreclose the possibility of a contrary determination by the IRS or a court of competent
jurisdiction or of a contrary position taken by the IRS or the Treasury Department in Regulations or rulings issued in the future. In this regard, an opinion of counsel with respect to an issue represents counsels best professional judgment
with respect to the outcome on the merits with respect to such issue, if such issue were to be litigated, but an opinion is not binding on the IRS or the courts and is not a guarantee that the IRS will not assert a contrary position with respect to
such issue or that a court will not sustain such a position asserted by the IRS. 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
5

The foregoing opinions are limited to the U.S. federal income tax matters addressed herein,
and no other opinions are rendered with respect to other federal tax matters or to any issues arising under the tax laws of any other country or any state or locality. You must judge for yourselves whether the matters addressed in this opinion
letter are sufficient for your purposes. 

We undertake no obligation to update the opinions expressed herein after the date of this
letter. This letter has been prepared solely for your use in connection with the filing of the Registration Statement and speaks only as of this date. 

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form
8-K to be filed with the Commission on or about the date hereof. In giving this consent, we do not acknowledge that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required by Section 7 of the
Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the Commission. 

Welltower Inc. 

March 28, 2025

Page
6

Very truly yours,

/s/ Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

GIBSON, DUNN & CRUTCHER LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>well-20250328.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>well-20250328_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>well-20250328_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Notes Due 20284.800 [Member] 
Notes Due 20284.800 [Member] 

Notes Due 20344.500 [Member] 
Notes Due 20344.500 [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>well-20250328_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>g926833g0315081013655.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>g926833g0315081302690.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>g926833g0322112026870.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 28, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000766704

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 28, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Welltower Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 1-8923

Entity Tax Identification Number 34-1096634

Entity Address, Address Line One 4500 Dorr Street

Entity Address, City or Town Toledo

Entity Address, State or Province OH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 43615

City Area Code (419)

Local Phone Number 247-2800

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common stock, $1.00 par value per share

Trading Symbol WELL

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Notes Due 20284.800 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Guarantee of 4.800% Notes due 2028 issued by Welltower OP LLC

Trading Symbol WELL/28

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Notes Due 20344.500 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Guarantee of 4.500% Notes due 2034 issued by Welltower OP LLC

Trading Symbol WELL/34

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: well_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: well_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=well_NotesDue20284.800Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=well_NotesDue20344.500Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
22 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.welltower.com//20250328/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d926833d8k.htm 
well-20250328.xsd 
well-20250328_def.xml 
well-20250328_lab.xml 
well-20250328_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-067227-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>d926833d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000766704 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

0000766704 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

0000766704 

well:NotesDue20284.800Member 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

0000766704 

well:NotesDue20344.500Member 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

false 
0000766704 
8-K 
2025-03-28 
Welltower Inc. 
DE 
1-8923 
34-1096634 
4500 Dorr Street 
Toledo 
OH 
43615 
(419) 
247-2800 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $1.00 par value per share 
WELL 
NYSE 
Guarantee of 4.800% Notes due 2028 issued by Welltower OP LLC 
WELL/28 
NYSE 
Guarantee of 4.500% Notes due 2034 issued by Welltower OP LLC 
WELL/34 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>