<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-003565.txt : 20250207
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-003565.hdr.sgml : 20250207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250207160936
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-003565
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250205
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GAIA, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001089872
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE & VIDEO TAPE PRODUCTION [7812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				841113527
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27517
		FILM NUMBER:		25601781

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		833 WEST BOULDER ROAD
		STREET 2:		BLDG G
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80027-2452
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3032223330

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		833 WEST BOULDER ROAD
		STREET 2:		BLDG G
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80027-2452

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GAIAM, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080519

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GAIAM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990701
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ny20042856x2_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001089872NASDAQ00010898722025-02-052025-02-05

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 5, 2025

GAIA, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Colorado

000-27517

84-1113527

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

(Commission file number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

833 West South Boulder Road

Louisville, Colorado80027

(Address of principal executive offices)

(303) 222-3600

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Class A Common Stock

GAIA

Nasdaq Global Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 5, 2025, Gaia, Inc. (the Company) entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Roth Capital
Partners, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters listed in Schedule 1 to the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriters), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Underwriters an aggregate of 1,600,000 shares of the
Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), at a public offering price of $5.00 per share of Class A common stock, in an underwritten public offering (the Offering), pursuant to a Registration Statement on
Form S-3, which became effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), on December 20, 2024 (File No. 333-283767) (the Registration Statement), and a related prospectus, including the related final prospectus
supplement filed with the SEC on February 6, 2025.

In addition, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company granted the Underwriters an option, exercisable for a period of 45
calendar days from February 5, 2025, to purchase up to an additional 240,000 shares of Common Stock solely to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Option).

The net proceeds from the Offering were approximately $7.2 million, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and
estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the approximately $7.2 million of net proceeds from the Offering primarily for, but not limited to, enhancements of our AI (Artificial Intelligence) capabilities, the
development of the Gaia Community project, and for general corporate purposes.

Under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company has agreed to indemnify the Underwriters against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act, or contribute to payments that the Underwriters may be required to make in respect of those liabilities. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Underwriting Agreement were made
only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. The Offering closed on February 7, 2025.

The foregoing summary of the Underwriting Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the full text of the Underwriting Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated into this Item 1.01 by reference. A copy of the legal opinion of Foley & Lardner LLP relating to the
validity of the issuance and sale of the Common Stock in the Offering is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is filed with reference to, and is hereby incorporated by reference into, the Registration Statement.

Item 8.01. 

Other Events.

On February 6, 2025 and February 7, 2025, the Company issued press releases with respect to the pricing and the closing of the Offering,
respectively. The press releases are attached as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 hereto.

The information included in Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities
Act, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in any such filing.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) 

Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2025, by and between Gaia, Inc. and Roth Capital Partners, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters named therein.

5.1 

Legal Opinion of Foley & Lardner LLP.

23.1 

Consent of Foley & Lardner LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).

99.1 

Press Release, issued by the Company on February 6, 2025.

99.2 

Press Release, issued by the Company on February 7, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Gaia, Inc.

Date: February 7, 2025 

/s/ Ned Preston

Name: 

Ned Preston

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ny20042856x2_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

Execution Version

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

February 5, 2025

Roth Capital Partners, LLC

As Representative of

the several Underwriters listed in

Schedule 1 to the Underwriting Agreement

c/o Roth Capital Partners, LLC

57 W 57th Street, 16th Floor

New York, NY 10019

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Introduction. Gaia, Inc., a Colorado corporation (the Company), proposes to sell, pursuant to the terms of this Underwriting Agreement (this Agreement),

to the several underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto (the Underwriters), for whom you are acting as representative (the Representative), an aggregate of 1,600,000 shares of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value (the Common Stock), of the Company. The
aggregate of 1,600,000 shares so proposed to be sold is hereinafter referred to as the Firm Shares. The Company also proposes to sell to the Underwriters, upon the terms and conditions set forth in Section 2 hereof, up to an additional 240,000
shares of Common Stock (the Option Shares). The Firm Shares and the Option Shares are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Shares.

The Company hereby confirms its agreement with the several Underwriters as follows:

Section 1.Agreement to Act as Underwriters.

(a)On the basis of the
representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Underwriters shall be the sole underwriters in connection with the offering and sale by the Company of
the Shares pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-283767) (the Registration Statement), with the terms of such offering (the Offering) to be subject to market conditions and negotiations between the Company and the Underwriters. As used herein (i) Persons means an individual or corporation,
partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind and (ii) Affiliate means any Person that,
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

Section 2.Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Underwriters as of the date hereof, and as of each Closing Date (as defined
below), as follows:

(a)Securities Law Filings. The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) the
Registration Statement under the Securities Act, which was filed on December 12, 2024, and declared effective on December 20, 2024, for the registration of the offering of the Shares under the Securities Act. Following the determination of pricing
between the Company and the Underwriters, the Company will file with the Commission pursuant to Rules 430A and 424(b) under the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations (the Rules

and Regulations) of the Commission promulgated thereunder, a final prospectus supplement relating to the proposed sale of the Shares, their respective pricings and the underwriting thereof and will advise the Representative of all
further information (financial and other) with respect to the Company required to be set forth therein. Such prospectus in the form in which it appears in the Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness, together with any preliminary
prospectus supplement relating to the Offering, is hereinafter called the Base Prospectus; and the final prospectus supplement, in the form in which it will be filed
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (including the Base Prospectus as it may be amended or supplemented) is hereinafter called the Final Prospectus. The
Registration Statement at the time it originally became effective is hereinafter called the Original Registration Statement. Any reference in this Agreement to the
Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated Documents), if any, which were or are filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), at any
given time, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus shall
be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by
reference. All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included, described, referenced, set forth or stated in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the
Final Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
the Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus, as the case may be. As used in this paragraph and elsewhere in this Agreement, Time of Sale Disclosure Package means the
Pricing Prospectus, the pricing information included in Annex A hereto and any issuer free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 433 of the Act (each, an Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus), if any, listed in Annex A hereto. The term any Prospectus shall mean, as the context requires, the Base Prospectus, the Final Prospectus,
and any supplement to either thereof. The Company has not received any notice that the Commission has issued or intends to issue a stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Base Prospectus or any
prospectus supplement or intends to commence a proceeding for any such purpose. Applicable Time means 7:45 P.M., New York time, on the date of this Agreement or such
other time as agreed to by the Company and the Representative. Pricing Prospectus means the Base Prospectus, as amended and supplemented immediately prior to the
Applicable Time, including any document incorporated by reference therein and any prospectus supplement deemed to be a part thereof.

2

(b)Assurances. The Original Registration Statement, as amended, (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits and schedules as required by the Securities Act. Each of
the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations and did not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Base Prospectus, and the Final Prospectus, each as of its respective date, comply or will comply in all
material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations. Each of the Base Prospectus and the Final Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the Commission,
conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations promulgated thereunder, and none of such documents, when they were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement of a
material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein (with respect to Incorporated Documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus or Final Prospectus), in light of the circumstances under which they
were made not misleading. No post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the information set forth
therein is required to be filed with the Commission. Except for this Agreement, there are no documents required to be filed with the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed as required pursuant
to the Securities Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. Except for this Agreement, there are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the Base Prospectus or Final Prospectus, or to be filed as exhibits or
schedules to the Registration Statement, which have not been described or filed as required.

(c)Offering Materials. Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute, prior to each Closing Date, any offering material in connection with
the offering and sale of the Shares other than the Time of Sale Disclosure Package.

(d)Subsidiaries. Each significant subsidiary of the Company (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) is set forth on Exhibit 21.1 of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the Subsidiaries and each, a Subsidiary). The Company
owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid,
non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(e)Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor
default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing
as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may
be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business,
prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any
Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an
informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened (a Proceeding) has been instituted in any such jurisdiction
revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

3

(f)Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its
obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the
Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals (as defined below). This Agreement and each
other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the
Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(g)No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a
default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction (a Lien) upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any
Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment,
injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a
Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(h)Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other
federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, other than: (i) the filing with the Commission of the Final Prospectus, (ii)
application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iii) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws. A Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the
Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

4

(i)Issuance of the Shares; Registration. The Shares are duly authorized and when issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on December 20, 2024 (the Effective Date), including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under
the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been
instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Final Prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the
Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closings, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of
the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any
amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closings, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will
not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of the
filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements as set forth in General Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3.

(j)Capitalization. The Company has an authorized and outstanding capitalization as set forth in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 4, 2024 (the Q3 10-Q) as of the dates set forth therein. The Company has not issued any capital stock since the filing of its Q3 10-Q, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under
the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans, and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of common stock equivalents outstanding as of the date of
the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except as a
result of the purchase and sale of the Shares and as set forth in the SEC Reports (as hereinafter defined), there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or
securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or common stock equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Shares will not
obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion,
exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar
provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock
appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in
compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any
stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Shares. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company
is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

5

(k)SEC Reports; Financial Statements. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company
under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC
Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial
statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position
of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit
adjustments.

(l)Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence
or development that has had or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered
its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and
(v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company equity compensation plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential
treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Shares contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to
the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation
is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

6

(m)Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any
Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of this Agreement or the Shares or (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or
state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the
Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange
Act or the Securities Act.

(n)Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to
a collective bargaining agreement. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or
proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment
practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(o)Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would
result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement
or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental
authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection,
occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

7

(p)Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment
(including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or
wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal,
transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered,
promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws
to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(q)Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary
to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(r)Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them
that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and
proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is
neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in
compliance, except where the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(s)Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets,
inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to so have would have a
Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or
otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two years from the date of this Agreement, except where such expiration, termination
or abandonment would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the
SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as would not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse
Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken
reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

8

(t)Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the
businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its
existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(u)Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and the sale of Shares hereunder, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the
knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or
from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each
case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under
any stock option plan of the Company.

(v)Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended that are
effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a
system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for
assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the
Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company
presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the
Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(w)Certain Fees. Except for fees payable by the Company to the Underwriters, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial
advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

9

(x)Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the
meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(y)Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of
the Company or any Subsidiary.

(z)Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is
likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. The Company has not, in the 12
months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading
Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through
the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(aa)Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the date hereof, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder,
(i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the
Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by
the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such
debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or
liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date.

(bb)Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has
made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental
assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods
subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary
know of no basis for any such claim.

10

(cc)Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary,
has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials
or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company
is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd)Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, (i) the Companys current accounting firm, Frank, Rimerman + Co. LLP, is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) the
Companys previous accounting firm, Armanino LLP, is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act.

(ee)Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization
or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Shares, or (iii) paid or agreed to
pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Underwriters in connection with the purchase of the Shares.

(ff)Cybersecurity. (i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware,
software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other
compromise to its IT Systems and Data, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate for all such matters referred to in this clause (i), have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with
all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems
and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the
Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the
Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

11

(gg)Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an
exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys stock option plan has been backdated.
The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(hh)Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is
currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(ii)U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.

(jj)Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that
is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(kk)Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the
Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money
Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(ll)Certificates. Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Representative or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the
Company to the Underwriters as to the matters set forth therein.

(mm)Reliance. The Company acknowledges that the Underwriters will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and warranties and hereby consents to such reliance.

(nn)Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

(oo)Statistical or Market-Related Data. Any statistical, industry-related and market-related data included or incorporated by reference in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, are based on or derived
from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes to be reliable and accurate, and such data agree with the sources from which they are derived.

12

(pp)FINRA Affiliations. There are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm that is participating in the Offering among the Companys officers, directors or, to the knowledge of the Company, any five
percent (5%) or greater stockholder of the Company.

(qq)Parties to Lock-Up Agreements. The Company has furnished to the Underwriters a letter agreement in the form attached hereto as Annex B (the Lock-up Agreement) from certain executive officers and directors of the Company. If any additional persons shall become directors or officers of the Company prior to the end of the 90-day restricted period referred to in
Section 4(n) hereof, the Company shall cause each such person, prior to or contemporaneously with their appointment or election as a director or officer of the Company, to execute and deliver to the Underwriters a Lock-up Agreement.

Section 3.Delivery and Payment.

(a)Firm Shares. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company agrees to sell the Firm Shares to
the several Underwriters, and the Underwriters agree to purchase from the Company the number of Firm Shares set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter in Schedule 1 hereto. The purchase price for each Firm Share shall be $4.70 per share.
Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this Section 3, the agreement of the Underwriters is to purchase only the respective number of Firm Shares specified in Schedule 1.

The Firm Shares will be delivered by the Company to the Representative against payment of the purchase price therefor by wire
transfer of same day funds payable to the order of the Company at the offices of Faegre Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP, 200 Wells Fargo Center 90 S. Seventh Street, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402, or such other location as may be mutually acceptable,
at 9:00 a.m. Central time, or such other time as the Representative and the Company may agree upon, on the first (or if the Shares are priced, as contemplated by Rule 15c6-1(c) under the Exchange Act, after 4:30 p.m. Eastern time, the second) full
business day following the date hereof, or at such other time and date as the Representative and the Company determine pursuant to Rule 15c6-1(a) under the Exchange Act, such time and date of delivery being herein referred to as the First Closing
Date.

(b)Option Shares. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company hereby grants to the several
Underwriters an option to purchase all or any portion of the Option Shares at the same purchase price as the Firm Shares, for use solely in covering any over allotments made by the Underwriters in the sale and distribution of the Firm Shares. The
option granted hereunder may be exercised in whole or in part at any time (but not more than once) within 45 days after the effective date of this Agreement upon notice (confirmed in writing) by the Underwriters to the Company setting forth the
aggregate number of Option Shares as to which the Underwriters are exercising the option, the names and denominations in which the certificates for the Option Shares are to be registered and the date and time, as determined by the Representative,
when the Option Shares are to be delivered, such time and date being herein referred to as the Second Closing and Second Closing Date, respectively; provided, however, that the Second Closing Date shall not be earlier than the First Closing
Date nor earlier than the second business day after the date on which the option shall have been exercised. Each of the First Closing Date and the Second Closing Date may be referred to herein as a Closing Date. The several Underwriters agree to
purchase the number of Option Shares (subject to such adjustments to eliminate fractional shares as the Representative may determine) that bears the same proportion of the total number of Option Shares to be purchased on such Second Closing Date as
the number of Firm Shares set forth in Schedule 1 hereto opposite the name of such Underwriter bears to the total number of Firm Shares. No Option Shares shall be sold and delivered unless the Firm Shares previously have been, or simultaneously
are, sold and delivered.

13

The Option Shares will be delivered by the Company to the Representative for the accounts of the several Underwriters against
payment of the purchase price therefor by wire transfer of same day funds payable to the order of the Company at the offices of Faegre Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP, 200 Wells Fargo Center 90 S. Seventh Street, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402, or such
other location as may be mutually acceptable at 9:00 a.m. Central time, or such other time as the Representative and the Company may agree upon, on the Second Closing Date.

(c)Delivery. If the Underwriters so elect, delivery of the Firm Shares or the Option Shares may be made by credit through full fast transfer to the accounts at The Depository Trust Company designated by
the Underwriters. Certificates representing the Firm Shares and the Option Shares in definitive form and in such denominations and registered in such names as the Representative has set forth in the notice of option exercise, or evidence of their
issuance, will be made available for checking at a reasonable time preceding the First Closing Date or the Second Closing Date, as applicable, at the office of Faegre Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP, 200 Wells Fargo Center 90 S. Seventh Street,
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402, or such other location as may be mutually acceptable.

Section 4.Covenants and Agreements of the Company. The Company further covenants and agrees with the Underwriters as follows:

(a)Registration Statement Matters. The Company will advise the Representative promptly after it receives notice thereof of the time when any amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed or
becomes effective or any supplement to the Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus has been filed and will furnish the Underwriters with copies thereof. The Company will file promptly all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements
required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date of any Prospectus and for so long as the delivery of a prospectus is required in connection with the Offering.
The Company will advise the Representative, promptly after it receives notice thereof (i) of any request by the Commission to amend the Registration Statement or to amend or supplement any Prospectus or for additional information, and (ii) of the
issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or any order directed at any Incorporated Document, if any, or any amendment or supplement thereto or
any order preventing or suspending the use of the Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus or any prospectus supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto or any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, of the suspension of the
qualification of the Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, of the institution or threatened institution of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any request by the Commission for the amending or supplementing of the Registration
Statement or a Prospectus or for additional information. The Company shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or prevention or suspension of such use. If the Commission shall enter any such stop order or order or
notice of prevention or suspension at any time, the Company will use its best efforts to obtain the lifting of such order at the earliest possible moment, or will file a new registration statement and use its best efforts to have such new
registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall comply with the provisions of Rules 424(b), 430A, 430B and 430C, as applicable, under the Securities Act, including with respect to the
timely filing of documents thereunder, and will use its reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings made by the Company under such Rule 424(b) are received in a timely manner by the Commission.

14

(b)Blue Sky Compliance. The Company will cooperate with the Representative in endeavoring to qualify the Shares for sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions (United States and foreign) as
the Representative may reasonably request and will make such applications, file such documents, and furnish such information as may be reasonably required for that purpose, provided the Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign
corporation or to file a general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified or required to file such a consent, and provided further that the Company shall not be required to produce any new disclosure
document. The Company will, from time to time, prepare and file such statements, reports and other documents as are or may be required to continue such qualifications in effect for so long a period as the Representative may reasonably request for
distribution of the Shares. The Company will advise the Representative promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Shares for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any
initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the
earliest possible moment.

(c)Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus and Other Matters. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, so as
to permit the completion of the distribution of the Shares as contemplated in this Agreement, the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus. If during the period in which a prospectus is required by law to be delivered in connection with the
distribution of Shares contemplated by the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus (the Prospectus Delivery Period), any event shall occur as a result of which, in the
judgment of the Company or in the opinion of the Representative or counsel for the Underwriters, it becomes necessary to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus or to file under the Exchange Act any Incorporated Document to
comply with any law, the Company will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, and furnish at its own expense to the Underwriters and to dealers, an appropriate amendment to the Registration Statement or supplement to the Registration
Statement, the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus that is necessary in order to make the statements in the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus as so amended or supplemented, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
as the case may be, not misleading, or so that the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus, as so amended or supplemented, will comply with law. Before amending the Registration Statement or supplementing the
Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus in connection with the Offering, the Company will furnish the Underwriters with a copy of such proposed amendment or supplement and will not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative
reasonably objects.

(d)Copies of any Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus. The Company will furnish the Underwriters, without charge, during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the later of the last
Closing Date of the Offering, as many copies of any Prospectus or prospectus supplement and any amendments and supplements thereto, as the Underwriters may reasonably request.

15

(e)Free Writing Prospectus. The Company covenants that it will not, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative, make any offer relating to the Shares that would constitute a
Company Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) required to be filed by the
Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433 of the Securities Act. In the event that the Representative expressly consents in writing to any such free writing prospectus (a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus), the Company covenants that it shall (i) treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as a Company Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) comply with the requirements of Rule 164
and 433 of the Securities Act applicable to such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping.

(f)Transfer Agent. The Company will maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Common Stock.

(g)Earnings Statement. As soon as practicable and in accordance with applicable requirements under the Securities Act, but in any event not later than 18 months after the last Closing Date, the Company
will make generally available to its security holders and to the Representative an earnings statement, covering a period of at least 12 consecutive months beginning after the last Closing Date, that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) and
Rule 158 under the Securities Act, the filing of such earnings statement via the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system shall satisfy the Companys obligations under this Section 4(g).

(h)Periodic Reporting Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will duly file, on a timely basis, with the Commission and the Trading Market all reports and documents required to
be filed under the Exchange Act within the time periods and in the manner required by the Exchange Act.

(i)No Manipulation of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or
result in, or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company.

(j)Acknowledgment. The Company acknowledges that any advice given by the Underwriters to the Company is solely for the benefit and use of the Board of Directors of the Company and may not be used,
reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to, without the Representatives prior written consent.

(k)Announcement of Offering. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters may, subsequent to the Closing, make public their involvement with the Offering.

(l)Reliance on Others. The Company confirms that it will rely on its own counsel and accountants for legal and accounting advice.

(m)Research Matters. By entering into this Agreement, the Underwriters do not provide any promise, either
explicitly or implicitly, of favorable or continued research coverage of the Company and the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters selection as Underwriters for the Offering was in no way conditioned, explicitly or
implicitly, on the Underwriters providing favorable or any research coverage of the Company. In accordance with FINRA Rule 2711(e), the parties acknowledge and agree that the Underwriters have not directly or indirectly offered favorable research, a specific rating or a specific price target, or threatened to change research, a rating or a price target, to the Company or inducement for the receipt of business
or compensation.

16

(n)Lock-Up. During the period commencing on and including the date hereof and ending on and including the 90th day following the date of this Agreement, (the Lock-Up Period) the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representative (which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Representative), (A) directly or indirectly offer, sell
(including, without limitation, any short sale), assign, transfer, pledge, contract to sell, establish an open put equivalent position within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act, or otherwise dispose of, or announce the offering
of, or submit or file any registration statement under the Securities Act in respect of, any Common Stock, options, rights or warrants to acquire Common Stock or securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into Common Stock (other
than is contemplated by this Agreement with respect to the Stock) or (B) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Common Stock or publicly announce any
intention to do any of the foregoing; provided, however, that the Company may (i) issue Common Stock and options to purchase Common Stock, shares of Common Stock underlying options granted and other securities, each pursuant to any director or
employee equity incentive plan, stock ownership plan or dividend reinvestment plan of the Company in effect on the date hereof and described in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package; (ii) issue Common Stock pursuant to the conversion of securities or
the exercise of warrants, which securities or warrants are outstanding on the date hereof and described in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package; (iii) file a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register the offer and sale
of securities to be issued pursuant to equity incentive plans described as outstanding in the Registration Statement, Pricing Prospectus or Prospectus; and (iv) enter into a plan to preserve its net operating loss carryovers under Section 382 of
the Code.

Section 5.Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligations of the Underwriters hereunder shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set
forth in Section 2 hereof, in each case as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date as though then made, to the timely performance by each of the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder on and as of such dates, and to each of
the following additional conditions:

(a)Accountants Comfort Letters. On the date hereof and each Closing Date, the Representative shall have received, and the Company shall have caused to be delivered to the Representative, a letter from
Frank, Rimerman + Co. LLP (the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company) and a letter from Armanino LLP (the former independent registered public accounting firm of the Company), addressed to the Underwriters, dated as of the
Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative. The letters shall not disclose any change in the condition (financial or other), earnings, operations, business or prospects of the Company from that set forth in the
Incorporated Documents or the applicable Prospectus or prospectus supplement, which, in the Representatives sole judgment, is material and adverse and that makes it, in the Representatives sole judgment, impracticable or inadvisable to proceed
with the Offering of the Shares as contemplated by such Prospectus.

(b)Compliance with Registration Requirements; No Stop Order; No Objection from the FINRA. Each Prospectus (in accordance with Rule 424(b)) and free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act), if any, shall have been duly filed with the Commission, as appropriate; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or
any part thereof shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; no order preventing or suspending the use of any Prospectus shall have been issued and no proceeding for that
purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; no order having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Shares or any other securities of the Company shall have been issued by any securities commission,
securities regulatory authority or stock exchange and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or
stock exchange; all requests for additional information on the part of the Commission shall have been complied with; and the FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the underwriting terms and arrangements.

17

(c)Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters in connection with this Agreement, the Registration Statement and each Prospectus, and the registration, sale and delivery of
the Shares, shall have been completed or resolved in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters counsel, and such counsel shall have been furnished with such papers and information as it may reasonably have requested to enable such
counsel to pass upon the matters referred to in this Section 5.

(d)No Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to each Closing Date, in the Representatives sole judgment after consultation with the Company, there
shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect or any material adverse change or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest
dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus (Material Adverse Change).

(e)Opinion of Counsel for the Company. The Representative shall have received on each Closing Date the favorable opinion of U.S. legal counsel to the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, including,
without limitation, a negative assurance letter addressed to the Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative.

(f)Officers Certificate. The Representative shall have received on each Closing Date a certificate of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, signed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, to the effect that, and the Representative shall be satisfied that, the signers of such certificate have reviewed the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents, any prospectus supplement, and this
Agreement and to the further effect that:

(i)The representations and warranties
of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct, as if made on and as of such Closing Date, and the Company has complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to such
Closing Date;

(ii)No stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of any Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened under the Securities Act; no order having
the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Shares or any other securities of the Company has been issued by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States and no proceedings for
that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States;

18

(iii)When the Registration Statement
became effective, at the time of sale, and at all times subsequent thereto up to the delivery of such certificate, the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, when such documents became effective or were filed with the
Commission, and any Prospectus, contained all material information required to be included therein by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and in all
material respects conformed to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if
any, and any Prospectus, did not and do not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading (provided, however, that the preceding representations and warranties contained in this paragraph (iii) shall not apply to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished
in writing to the Company by the Underwriters expressly for use therein); and

(iv)Subsequent to the respective dates
as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus, there has not been: (a) any Material Adverse Change; (b) any transaction that is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a
whole, except transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business; (c) any obligation, direct or contingent, that is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary, except
obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business; (d) any material change in the capital stock (except changes thereto resulting from the exercise of outstanding stock options or warrants) or outstanding indebtedness of the Company or any
Subsidiary; (e) any dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company; or (f) any loss or damage (whether or not insured) to the property of the Company or any Subsidiary which has been sustained or
will have been sustained which has a Material Adverse Effect.

(g)CFO Certificate. On the date hereof and on each Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Representative, a certificate, dated as of such date, signed on behalf of the Company by its
chief financial officer, regarding certain financial information included in or incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and Final Prospectus, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

(h)Stock Exchange Listing. The Common Stock shall be registered under the Exchange Act and shall be listed on the Trading Market, and the Company shall not have taken any action designed to terminate,
or likely to have the effect of terminating, the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common Stock from the Trading Market, nor shall the Company have received any information
suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing.

(i) Lock-up Agreements. The Lock-Up Agreements between you and certain officers and directors of the Company relating to sales and certain other dispositions of shares of Common Stock or certain other
securities, delivered to you on or before the date hereof, shall be in full force and effect on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be.

(j)Additional Documents. On or before each Closing Date, the Representative and counsel for the Underwriters shall have received such information and documents as they may reasonably require for the
purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Shares as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein
contained.

19

If any condition specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the
Representative by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to a Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the part of any party to any other party, except that Section 6 (Payment of Expenses), Section 7 (Indemnification and
Contribution) and Section 8 (Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery) shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section 6.Payment of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation: (i) all expenses incident to the issuance, delivery and qualification of the Shares (including all printing and engraving costs); (ii) all fees and expenses of the registrar and
transfer agent of the Common Stock; (iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Shares; (iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public
accountants and other advisors; (v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and
certificates of experts), the Base Prospectus, the Final Prospectus and each prospectus supplement, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement; (vi) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the
Company or the Underwriters in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Shares for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws or the
securities laws of any other country, and, if requested by the Underwriters, preparing and printing a Blue Sky Survey, an International Blue Sky Survey or other memorandum, and any supplements thereto, advising the Underwriters of such qualifications, registrations and exemptions (with any such fees of Underwriters counsel
incurred pursuant to this Section 6(vi) being included in the up to $125,000 in fees that are reimbursable pursuant to Section 6(a)(x)); (vii) if applicable, the filing fees incident to the review and approval by the FINRA of the Underwriters'
participation in the offering and distribution of the Shares; (viii) the fees and expenses associated with listing the Shares on the Trading Market; (ix) all costs and expenses incident to the travel and accommodation of the Companys and the
Underwriters employees on the roadshow, if any; (x) Underwriters reasonable and documented out-of-pocket accountable expenses incurred in connection with the Offering,
including the expenses of the Underwriters counsel (with supporting invoices/receipts), in an amount up to $125,000, payable immediately upon the Closing Date; and (xi) all other fees, costs and expenses referred to in Part II of the Registration
Statement.

20

Section 7.Indemnification and Contribution.

(a)The Company agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless the Underwriters, their affiliates and each person controlling the Underwriters(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the
directors, officers, agents and employees of the Underwriters, their affiliates and each such controlling person (the Underwriters, and each such entity or person, an Indemnified
Person) from and against any losses, claims, damages, judgments, assessments, costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities), and shall
reimburse each Indemnified Person for all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of one counsel for all Indemnified Persons, except as otherwise expressly provided herein) (collectively, the Expenses) as they are incurred by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any Actions, whether or not any Indemnified Person is a party thereto, caused by, or
arising out of or in connection with, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, any Incorporated Document, or any Prospectus or by any omission or alleged omission to state therein
a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (other than untrue statements or alleged untrue statements in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, information
relating to an Indemnified Person furnished in writing by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person expressly for use in the Incorporated Documents) or (ii) otherwise arising out of or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered
by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services or transactions; provided, however, that, in the case of clause (ii) only, the Company shall not be responsible for any Liabilities or Expenses of any
Indemnified Person that are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely from such Indemnified Persons (x) gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct in connection with any of the advice, actions, inactions or services referred to
above or (y) use of any offering materials or information concerning the Company in connection with the offer or sale of the Shares in the Offering which were not authorized for such use by the Company and which use constitutes gross negligence,
bad faith or willful misconduct. The Company also agrees to reimburse each Indemnified Person for all Expenses as they are incurred in connection with enforcing such Indemnified Person's rights under this Agreement.

(b)Upon receipt by an Indemnified
Person of actual notice of an Action against such Indemnified Person with respect to which indemnity may be sought under this Agreement, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company in writing; provided that failure by any Indemnified
Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any liability which the Company may have on account of this indemnity or otherwise to such Indemnified Person, except to the extent the Company shall have been prejudiced by such
failure. The Company shall, if requested by the Underwriters, assume the defense of any such Action including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, which counsel may also be counsel to the Company. Any Indemnified
Person shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Company has failed
promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel or (ii) the named parties to any such Action (including any impeded parties) include such Indemnified Person and the Company, and such Indemnified Person shall have been advised in the reasonable
opinion of counsel that there is an actual conflict of interest that prevents the counsel selected by the Company from representing both the Company (or another client of such counsel) and any Indemnified Person; provided that the Company shall not
in such event be responsible hereunder for the fees and expenses of more than one firm of separate counsel for all Indemnified Persons in connection with any Action or related Actions, in addition to any local counsel. The Company shall not be
liable for any settlement of any Action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Underwriters (which shall not be unreasonably
withheld), settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened Action in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified
Person is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person from all Liabilities arising out of such Action for which indemnification or contribution may be
sought hereunder. The indemnification required hereby shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as such expense, loss, damage or liability is incurred and is due and payable.

21

(c)In the event that the foregoing
indemnity is unavailable to an Indemnified Person other than in accordance with this Agreement, the Company shall contribute to the Liabilities and Expenses paid or payable by such Indemnified Person in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect
(i) the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Underwriters and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by the immediately preceding
clause is not permitted by applicable law, not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, in connection with the matters as to
which such Liabilities or Expenses relate, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided that in no event shall the Company contribute less than the amount necessary to ensure that all Indemnified Persons, in the aggregate, are
not liable for any Liabilities and Expenses in excess of the amount of fees actually received by the Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph, the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the
Underwriters on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as (a) the total value paid or contemplated to be paid to or received or contemplated to be received by the Company in the
transaction or transactions that are within the scope of this Agreement, whether or not any such transaction is consummated, bears to (b) the fees paid to the Underwriters under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of
fraudulent misrepresentation within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act, as amended, shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation.

(d)The Company also agrees that no
Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement,
the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Person's actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services or transactions except for Liabilities (and related Expenses) of the Company that are finally judicially determined
to have resulted solely from such Indemnified Person's gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions or services.

(e)The reimbursement, indemnity and
contribution obligations of the Company set forth herein shall apply to any modification of this Agreement and shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any termination of, or the completion of any Indemnified Person's services under or
in connection with, this Agreement.

Section 8.Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company or any person controlling the Company, of
its officers, and of the Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Underwriters, the Company, or any of its or their partners,
officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive delivery of and payment for the Shares sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. A successor to an Underwriter, or to the Company, its directors or
officers or any person controlling the Company, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity, contribution and reimbursement agreements contained in this Agreement.

22

Section 9.Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered or e-mailed and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows:

If to the Representative to the address set forth above.

With a copy to:

Faegre Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP

200 Wells Fargo Center

90 S. Seventh Street

Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402

E-mail: [***]

If to the Company:

Gaia, Inc.

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

833 West South Boulder Road,

Louisville, Colorado 80027

With a copy to:

Foley & Lardner LLP

777 E. Wisconsin Ave.

Milwaukee, WI 53202

c/o Jason M. Hille

E-mail: [***]

Any party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

Section 10.Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the employees, officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in
Section 7 hereof, and to their respective successors, and personal representative, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

Section 11.Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph or
provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it
valid and enforceable.

Section 12.Governing Law Provisions. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and delivered in New York City and both this engagement letter and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed as
to validity, interpretation, construction, effect and in all other respects by the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Underwriters and the Company: (i) agrees that any
legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this engagement letter and/or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be instituted exclusively in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, (ii) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, (iii) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the New York Supreme Court, County of New York,
and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Underwriters and the Company further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served
in any such suit, action or proceeding in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and agrees that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail to
the Companys address shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action or proceeding, and service of process upon the Underwriters mailed by certified mail to the Representatives address
shall be deemed in every respect effective service process upon the Underwriters, in any such suit, action or proceeding, and (iv) each of the parties hereto hereby waives any right to trial by jury in any suit or proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding any provision of this engagement letter to the contrary, the Company agrees that neither the Underwriters nor their affiliates, and the respective officers,
directors, employees, agents and representatives of the Underwriters, their affiliates and each other person, if any, controlling the Underwriters or any of their affiliates, shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort
or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with the engagement and transaction described herein except for any such liability for losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred by us that are finally judicially determined to have resulted
from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such individuals or entities. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provision of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be
reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

23

Section 13.Defaulting Underwriter.

(a)If, on a Closing Date, any
Underwriter defaults on its obligation to purchase the Shares that it has agreed to purchase hereunder on such date, the non-defaulting Underwriters may in their discretion arrange for the purchase of such Shares by other persons satisfactory to
the Company on the terms contained in this Agreement. If, within 36 hours after any such default by any Underwriter, the non-defaulting Underwriters do not arrange for the purchase of such Shares, then the Company shall be entitled to a further
period of 36 hours within which to procure other persons satisfactory to the non-defaulting Underwriters to purchase such Shares on such terms. If other persons become obligated or agree to purchase the Shares of a defaulting Underwriter, either
the non-defaulting Underwriters or the Company may postpone a Closing Date for up to five full business days in order to effect any changes that in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters may be necessary in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus or in any other document or arrangement, and the Company agrees to promptly prepare any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that effects any such changes. As used in
this Agreement, the term Underwriter includes, for all purposes of this Agreement unless the context otherwise requires, any person not listed in Schedule 1 hereto that, pursuant to this Section 13, purchases Shares that a defaulting Underwriter
agreed but failed to purchase.

(b)If, after giving effect to any
arrangements for the purchase of the Shares of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting Underwriters and the Company as provided in paragraph (a) above, the aggregate number of Shares that remain unpurchased on a Closing Date
does not exceed one-eleventh of the aggregate number of Shares to be purchased on such date, then the Company shall have the right to require each non-defaulting Underwriter to purchase the number of Shares that such Underwriter agreed to purchase
hereunder on such date plus such Underwriters pro rata share (based on the number of Shares that such Underwriter agreed to purchase on such date) of the Shares of such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters for which such arrangements have not
been made.

(c)If, after giving effect to any
arrangements for the purchase of the Shares of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting Underwriters and the Company as provided in paragraph (a) above, the aggregate number of Shares that remain unpurchased on a Closing Date
exceeds one-eleventh of the aggregate amount of Shares to be purchased on such date, or if the Company shall not exercise the right described in paragraph (b) above, then this Agreement or, with respect to the Second Closing Date, the obligation of
the Underwriters to purchase Shares on the Second Closing Date shall terminate without liability on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters. Any termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 13 shall be without liability on the part of
the Company, except that the Company will continue to be liable for the payment of expenses as set forth in Section 6 hereof (other than with respect to the defaulting Underwriter(s)) and except that the provisions of Section 7 hereof shall not
terminate and shall remain in effect.

(d)Nothing contained herein shall
relieve a defaulting Underwriter of any liability it may have to the Company or any non-defaulting Underwriter for damages caused by its default.

24

Section 14. Recognition of the U.S.
Special Resolution Regimes.

(i) In the event that any Underwriter
that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent
as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(ii) In the event that any
Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted
to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

As used in this Section 14:

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 
1841(k).

Covered Entity means any of the following:

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as
applicable.

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

25

Section 15.General Provisions.

(a)This Agreement constitutes the
entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in two or
more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and
no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or
interpretation of this Agreement.

(b)The Company acknowledges that in
connection with the offering of the Shares: (i) the Underwriters have acted at arms-length, are not agents of, and owe no fiduciary duties to the Company or any other person, (ii) the Underwriters owe the Company only those duties and obligations
set forth in this Agreement and (iii) the Underwriters may have interests that differ from those of the Company. The Company waives to the full extent permitted by applicable law any claims it may have against the Underwriters arising from an
alleged breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the offering of the Shares.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank.]

26

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign below whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts
hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

GAIA, INC.,

a Colorado corporation

By: 

/s/ Ned Preston

Name: Ned Preston

Title: Chief Financial Officer

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

ROTH CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC 

For itself and on behalf of 

the several Underwriters listed 

in Schedule 1 hereto 

By: /s/ Aaron M. Gurewitz 

Name: Aaron M. Gurewitz

Title: President & Head of Investment Banking

Schedule 1

Underwriters 

Number of Shares 

Roth Capital Partners, LLC 

880,000 

Lake Street Capital Markets, LLC 

720,000 

Total: 

1,600,000 

ANNEX A

A. 

Certain Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses

None.

B. 

Pricing Information Provided Orally By The Underwriters

Firm Shares to be Sold: 1,600,000

Public Offering Price per Share: $5.00

Underwriting Discounts and Commissions: 6.00%

ANNEX B

FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

[], 2025

ROTH CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC

As Representative of

the several Underwriters listed in

Schedule 1 to the Underwriting Agreement

c/o Roth Capital Partners, LLC

57 W 57th Street, 16th Floor

New York, NY 10019

Re: 

Gaia, Inc. Public Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands that you, as Representative of the several Underwriters, propose to enter into an underwriting agreement (the
Underwriting Agreement) with Gaia, Inc., a Colorado corporation (the Company), providing for the public offering (the Public Offering) by the several Underwriters, of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), of
the Company (the Securities). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Underwriting Agreement.

In consideration of the Underwriters agreement to purchase and make the Public Offering of the Securities, and for other good and valuable
consideration receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Representative, the undersigned will not, and will not cause any direct or indirect affiliate to, during the period
beginning on the date of the final prospectus supplement relating to the Public Offering (the Prospectus) and ending at the close of business 90 days after the date of the Final Prospectus (such period, the Restricted Period), (1) offer, sell,
contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Common Stock or any
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock (including without limitation, the Companys Class B common stock, Common Stock or such other securities which may be deemed to be beneficially owned by the undersigned in
accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and securities which may be issued upon exercise of a stock option or warrant) (collectively with the Common Stock, the Lock-Up Securities), (2) enter into any
hedging, swap or other agreement or transaction that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up Securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by
delivery of Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise, (3) make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration of any Lock-Up Securities, or (4) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing. The undersigned
acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing precludes the undersigned from engaging in any hedging or other transactions or arrangements (including, without limitation, any short sale or the purchase or sale of, or entry into, any put or call option,
or combination thereof, forward, swap or any other derivative transaction or instrument, however described or defined) designed or intended, or which could reasonably be expected to lead to or result in, a sale or disposition or transfer (whether by
the undersigned or any other person) of any economic consequences of ownership, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, of any Lock-Up Securities, whether any such transaction or arrangement (or instrument provided for thereunder) would be
settled by delivery of Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise. The undersigned further confirms that it has furnished the Representative with the details of any transaction the undersigned, or any of its affiliates, is a party to as of the date
hereof, which transaction would have been restricted by this Letter Agreement (the Letter Agreement) if it had been entered into by the undersigned during the Restricted Period.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the undersigned may:

(a) transfer or dispose of the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities:

(i) as a bona fide gift or gifts, or for bona fide estate planning purposes,

(ii) by will or intestacy,

(iii) to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of the undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned, or if the undersigned is a
trust, to a trustor or beneficiary of the trust or to the estate of a beneficiary of such trust (for purposes of this Letter Agreement, immediate family shall mean any relationship by blood, current or former marriage, domestic partnership or
adoption, not more remote than first cousin),

(iv) to a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which the undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned
are the legal and beneficial owner of all of the outstanding equity securities or similar interests,

(v) to a nominee or custodian of a person or entity to whom a disposition or transfer would be permissible under clauses (i) through (iv) above,

(vi) if the undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity, (A) to another corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity that is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the undersigned, or to any investment fund or other entity controlling,
controlled by, managing or managed by or under common control with the undersigned or affiliates of the undersigned (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where the undersigned is a partnership, to its general partner or a successor partnership or
fund, or any other funds managed by such partnership), or (B) as part of a distribution to members, partners, shareholders or other equityholders of the undersigned,

(vii) by operation of law, such as pursuant to a qualified domestic order, divorce settlement, divorce decree or separation agreement, or related
court order,

(viii) to the Company from an employee of the Company upon death, disability or termination of employment, in each case, of such employee,

(ix) as part of a sale of the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities acquired in the Public Offering and any transaction with respect to shares of Common Stock acquired in open market transactions after the completion of the Public Offering,

(x) to the Company in connection with the vesting, settlement, or exercise of restricted stock units, options, warrants or other rights to purchase
shares of Common Stock (including, in each case, by way of net or cashless exercise), including for the payment of exercise price and tax and remittance payments due as a result of the vesting, settlement, or exercise of such restricted stock
units, options, warrants or rights, provided that any such shares of Common Stock received upon such exercise, vesting or settlement (other than such shares as are transferred or surrendered to the Company in connection with such vesting, settlement
or exercise event) shall be subject to the terms of this Letter Agreement, and provided further that any such restricted stock units, options, warrants or rights are held by the undersigned pursuant to an agreement or equity awards granted under a
stock incentive plan or other equity award plan, each such agreement or plan which is described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus, or

(xi) pursuant to a bona fide third-party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction that is approved by the Board of Directors
of the Company and made to all holders of the Companys capital stock involving a Change of Control (as defined below) of the Company (for purposes hereof, Change of Control shall mean the transfer (whether by tender offer, merger, consolidation or
other similar transaction), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, to a person or group of affiliated persons (other than the Underwriters pursuant to the Public Offering), of shares of capital stock if, after such transfer, such
person or group of affiliated persons would hold more than 75% of the outstanding voting securities of the Company (or the surviving entity)); provided that in the event that such tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction is
not completed, the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities shall remain subject to the provisions of this Letter Agreement;

2

provided that (A) in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to
clauses (a)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi), such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, (B) in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to clauses (a)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi) and (vii), each donee, devisee,
transferee or distributee shall execute and deliver to the Representative a lock-up letter in the form of this Letter Agreement, (C) in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to clause (a)(ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi) and (ix), no filing by
any party (donor, donee, devisee, transferor, transferee, distributer or distributee) under the Exchange Act, or other public announcement reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock shall be required or shall be made
voluntarily in connection with such transfer or distribution (other than a filing on a Form 5 made after the expiration of the Restricted Period referred to above) and (D) in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to clauses (a)(i), (vii),
(viii) and (x) it shall be a condition to such transfer that no public filing, report or announcement shall be voluntarily made and if any filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, or other public filing, report or announcement reporting a
reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock in connection with such transfer or distribution shall be legally required during the Restricted Period, such filing, report or announcement shall clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto
the nature and conditions of such transfer;

(b) exercise outstanding options, settle restricted stock units or other equity awards or exercise outstanding warrants pursuant to plans described
in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Final Prospectus; provided that any Lock-up Securities received upon such exercise, vesting or settlement shall be subject to the terms of this Letter Agreement; provided that if the undersigned is required to make any filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, or other public filing, report or announcement during the Restricted
Period, the undersigned shall clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto that the filing relates to the circumstances described in this clause and that the shares of Common Stock received upon the exercise or settlement, as applicable, of the stock
option, warrant or restricted stock unit or other right or vesting event are subject to this Letter Agreement, and no public filing, report or announcement shall be voluntarily made; and

(c) establish trading plans pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of shares of Lock-Up Securities (each such plan, a
Trading Plan); provided that (1) such Trading Plans do not provide for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities during the Restricted Period and (2) no filing by any party under the Exchange Act or other public announcement shall be required or made
voluntarily in connection with such Trading Plan during the Restricted Period in contravention of this Lock-Up Agreement.

If the undersigned is not a natural person, the undersigned represents and warrants that no single natural person, entity or group (within the
meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than a natural person, entity or group (as described above) that has executed a Letter Agreement in substantially the same form as this Letter Agreement, beneficially owns, directly or
indirectly, 50% or more of the common equity interests, or 50% or more of the voting power, in the undersigned.

In furtherance of the foregoing, the Company, and any duly appointed transfer agent for the registration or transfer of the securities described
herein, are hereby authorized to decline to make any transfer of securities if such transfer would constitute a violation or breach of this Letter Agreement.

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Letter Agreement. All authority
herein conferred or agreed to be conferred and any obligations of the undersigned shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs or personal representatives of the undersigned.

The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters have not provided any recommendation or investment advice nor have the Underwriters
solicited any action from the undersigned with respect to the Public Offering of the Securities and the undersigned has consulted its own legal, accounting, financial, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent deemed appropriate. The undersigned
further acknowledges and agrees that, although the Underwriters may be required or choose to provide certain Regulation Best Interest and Form CRS disclosures to you in connection with the Public Offering, the Underwriters are not making a
recommendation to you to enter into this Letter Agreement and nothing set forth in such disclosures is intended to suggest that the Underwriters are making such a recommendation.

3

The undersigned understands that, (i) if the Underwriting Agreement does not become effective by April 30, 2025, (ii) if the Underwriting Agreement
(other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Common Stock to be sold thereunder, (iii) the Company notifies the Representative in writing prior to the
execution of the Underwriting Agreement that it does not intend to proceed with the Public Offering, or (iv) prior to payment for the Securities, the Registration Statement is withdrawn prior to the execution of the Underwriting Agreement, the Letter
Agreement shall automatically terminate and be of no further force or effect and undersigned shall be released from all obligations under this Letter Agreement. The undersigned understands that the Underwriters are entering into the Underwriting
Agreement and proceeding with the Public Offering in reliance upon this Letter Agreement.

The undersigned hereby consents to receipt of this Letter Agreement in electronic form and understands and agrees that this Letter Agreement may be
signed electronically. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, electronic mail, or otherwise by electronic transmission (including any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) evidencing an intent to sign this Letter Agreement, such facsimile transmission, electronic mail or other electronic transmission shall
create a valid and binding obligation of the undersigned with the same force and effect as if such signature were an original. Execution and delivery of this Letter Agreement by facsimile transmission, electronic mail or other electronic transmission
is legal, valid and binding for all purposes.

[Signature page follows]

4

This Letter Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

Very truly yours,

Name of Security Holder (Print exact name)

By: 

Signature

If not signing in an individual capacity:

Name of Authorized Signatory (Print)

Title of Authorized Signatory (Print)

(indicate capacity of person signing if signing as custodian, trustee, or on behalf of an entity)

[Signature page to Lock-up Agreement]

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ny20042856x2_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

777 E WISCONSIN AVENUE

MILWAUKEE, WI 53202-5306

414.271.2400 TEL

414.297.4900 FAX

FOLEY.COM

WRITERS DIRECT LINE

414.319.7336

jhille@foley.com

CLIENT/MATTER NUMBER

134597-0109

February 7, 2025

Gaia, Inc.

833 West South Boulder Road

Louisville, CO 80027

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to Gaia, Inc., a Colorado corporation (the Company), in connection with the offering by the Company
of up to 1,840,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Shares), pursuant to (i) the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-283767), filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) on December 12, 2024, and declared effective on December 20, 2024 (the Registration Statement), the base prospectus filed as part of the Registration Statement (the Base Prospectus), the
preliminary prospectus supplement, filed on February 5, 2025 (the Preliminary Prospectus), and the final prospectus supplement, dated February 5, 2025 (the Final Prospectus, together with the Base Prospectus and the Preliminary
Prospectus, the Prospectus), and (ii) an Underwriting Agreement, dated February 5, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), between the Company and Roth Capital Partners, LLC, as representative to the underwriters (the Representative).

As counsel to the Company, we have examined: (i) the Underwriting Agreement, (ii) the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (iii)
the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended, (iv) the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended, and (v) the proceedings and actions taken by the Board of Directors of the Company to authorize and
approve the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and the execution and delivery of the Underwriting Agreement. We have also considered such matters of law and of fact, including the examination of originals or copies, certified or
otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such records and documents of the Company, certificates of officers, directors and representatives of the Company, certificates of public officials, and such other documents as we have deemed appropriate
as a basis for the opinions set forth below. In our examination of the above-referenced documents, we have assumed the genuineness of all electronic and manual signatures, the authenticity of all documents, certificates, and instruments submitted to
us as originals and the conformity with the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies.

The opinion expressed herein is limited in all respects to the laws of Colorado, including all applicable provisions of the Colorado
Constitution and reported judicial decisions interpreting such laws, and the federal laws of the United States of America, and no opinion is expressed with respect to the laws of any other jurisdiction or any effect which such laws may have on the
opinions expressed herein. 

AUSTIN | BOSTON | BRUSSELS | CHICAGO | DALLAS | DENVER | DETROIT | HOUSTON | JACKSONVILLE | LOS ANGELES

MADISON | MEXICO CITY | MIAMI | MILWAUKEE | NEW YORK | ORLANDO | RALEIGH | SACRAMENTO | SALT LAKE CITY

SAN DIEGO | SAN FRANCISCO | SILICON VALLEY | TALLAHASSEE | TAMPA | TOKYO | WASHINGTON, D.C.

Roth Capital Partners, LLC

February 7, 2025

Page 2

Based upon, subject to and limited by the foregoing, we are of the opinion that upon the issuance and sale of the Shares pursuant to
the terms of the Underwriting Agreement and the receipt by the Company of the consideration for the Shares pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Shares will be validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable.

This opinion is issued as of the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to supplement this opinion if any applicable law changes
after the date hereof or if we become aware of any fact that might change the opinion expressed herein after the date hereof. This opinion is limited to the matters set forth herein, and no other opinion should be inferred beyond the matters
expressly stated.

We consent to the filing of this opinion in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), as Exhibit 5.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the Commission on the date hereof, to the incorporation by reference of this opinion into the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus and to the references to our firm therein. In giving our consent, we do not admit that we are experts within the meaning of Section 11 of the Securities Act or within the category of persons whose consent is required by Section 7
of the Securities Act.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Foley & Lardner LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ny20042856x2_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Gaia Announces Pricing of Underwritten Offering of $8.0 Million of Common Stock

BOULDER, CO, February 6, 2025 -- Gaia, Inc. (NASDAQ: GAIA) (Gaia or the Company), a conscious media and community company, announced today that it
has priced its underwritten public offering of 1,600,000 shares of its Class A common stock at a public offering price of $5.00 per share.

The Company expects the gross proceeds from the offering to be approximately $8.0 million, before deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions
and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company.

The Company has granted the underwriters in the offering a 45-day option to purchase up to 240,000 additional shares of Class A common stock. The
Company expects to close the offering, subject to market and other conditions, on February 7, 2025.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering primarily for, but not limited to, enhancements of our AI (Artificial Intelligence)
capabilities, the development of the Gaia Community project, and for general corporate purposes.

Roth Capital Partners and Lake Street Capital Markets are acting as joint book-running managers for this offering.

A shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-283767) relating to the shares of Class A common stock to be issued in the proposed offering was previously filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and is currently effective. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the proposed offering has been filed with the SEC. The shares of Class A common stock may be
offered only by means of a prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, forming a part of the effective registration statement. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the securities being offered may
be obtained, when available, from Roth Capital Partners, LLC, 888 San Clemente, Suite 400, Newport Beach, CA 92660, by telephone at (800) 678-9147 or by email at rothecm@roth.com. Electronic copies of the final prospectus supplement and
accompanying prospectus will also be available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the shares of Class A common stock, nor will there be
any sale of the shares of Class A common stock in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is not permitted.

About Gaia

Gaia is a member-supported global video streaming service and community that produces and curates conscious media through four primary channelsSeeking
Truth, Transformation, Alternative Healing and Yogain four languages (English, Spanish, French and German) to its members in 185 countries. Gaias library includes over 10,000 titles, over 88% of which is exclusive to Gaia, and approximately 75% of
viewership is generated by content produced or owned by Gaia. Gaia is available on Apple TV, iOS, Android, Roku, Chromecast, and sold through Amazon Prime Video and Comcast Xfinity.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of
historical fact are forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. When used in this discussion, we intend the words anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, future, hope, intend,
may, might, objective, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, should, strive, target, will, would and similar expressions as they relate to us to identify such forward-looking statements. Our actual results could
differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in our filings with the SEC, including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2023. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ include, without limitation: our ability to attract new members and retain existing members; our ability to compete effectively, including for customer
engagement with different modes of entertainment; maintenance and expansion of device platforms for streaming; fluctuation in customer usage of our service; fluctuations in quarterly operating results; service disruptions; production risks; general
economic conditions; future losses; loss of key personnel; price changes; brand reputation; acquisitions; new initiatives we undertake; security and information systems; legal liability for website content; failure of third parties to provide
adequate service; future internet-related taxes; our founders control of us; litigation; consumer trends; the effect of government regulation and programs; the impact of public health threats; our ability to remediate the material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting and technical accounting; and other risks and uncertainties included in our filings with the SEC. We caution you that no forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance, and you should
not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our views only as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking information.

Company Contact:

Ned Preston

Chief Financial Officer

Gaia, Inc.

Investors@gaia.com

Investor Relations:

Gateway Group, Inc.

Cody Slach

(949) 574-3860

GAIA@gateway-grp.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ny20042856x2_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Gaia Announces Closing of Underwritten Offering of $8.0 Million of Common Stock

BOULDER, CO, February 7, 2025 -- Gaia, Inc. (NASDAQ: GAIA) (Gaia or the Company), a conscious media and community company, announced today the
closing of its previously announced underwritten public offering of 1,600,000 shares of its Class A common stock at a price to the public of $5.00 per share.

Net proceeds to the Company, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, were
approximately $7.2 million.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering primarily for, but not limited to, enhancements of our AI (Artificial Intelligence)
capabilities, the development of the Gaia Community project, and for general corporate purposes.

Roth Capital Partners and Lake Street Capital Markets acted as joint book-running managers for this offering.

The offering was made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-283767) that was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
SEC) on December 20, 2024. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus with respect to the offering was filed with the SEC on February 6, 2025 and is available on its website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be obtained from Roth Capital Partners, LLC, 888 San Clemente, Suite 400, Newport Beach, CA 92660, by telephone at (800) 678-9147 or by email at
rothecm@roth.com.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the shares of Class A common stock, nor will there be
any sale of the shares of Class A common stock in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is not permitted.

About Gaia

Gaia is a member-supported global video streaming service and community that produces and curates conscious media through four primary channelsSeeking
Truth, Transformation, Alternative Healing and Yogain four languages (English, Spanish, French and German) to its members in 185 countries. Gaias library includes over 10,000 titles, over 88% of which is exclusive to Gaia, and approximately 75% of
viewership is generated by content produced or owned by Gaia. Gaia is available on Apple TV, iOS, Android, Roku, Chromecast, and sold through Amazon Prime Video and Comcast Xfinity.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of
historical fact are forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. When used in this discussion, we intend the words anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, future, hope, intend,
may, might, objective, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, should, strive, target, will, would and similar expressions as they relate to us to identify such forward-looking statements. Our actual results could
differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in our filings with the SEC, including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2023. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ include, without limitation: our ability to attract new members and retain existing members; our ability to compete effectively, including for customer
engagement with different modes of entertainment; maintenance and expansion of device platforms for streaming; fluctuation in customer usage of our service; fluctuations in quarterly operating results; service disruptions; production risks; general
economic conditions; future losses; loss of key personnel; price changes; brand reputation; acquisitions; new initiatives we undertake; security and information systems; legal liability for website content; failure of third parties to provide
adequate service; future internet-related taxes; our founders control of us; litigation; consumer trends; the effect of government regulation and programs; the impact of public health threats; our ability to remediate the material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting and technical accounting; and other risks and uncertainties included in our filings with the SEC. We caution you that no forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance, and you should
not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our views only as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking information.

Company Contact:

Ned Preston

Chief Financial Officer

Gaia, Inc.

Investors@gaia.com

Investor Relations:

Gateway Group, Inc.

Cody Slach

(949) 574-3860

GAIA@gateway-grp.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gaia-20250205.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>gaia-20250205_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>gaia-20250205_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ny20042856x2_ex5-1img01.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ny20042856x2_ex99-1logo01.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ny20042856x2_ex99-2logo01.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 05, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 05, 2025

Entity File Number 000-27517

Entity Registrant Name GAIA, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001089872

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code CO

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-1113527

Entity Address, Address Line One 833 West South Boulder Road

Entity Address, City or Town Louisville

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80027

City Area Code 303

Local Phone Number 222-3600

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock

Trading Symbol GAIA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://gaia.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

gaia-20250205.xsd 
gaia-20250205_lab.xml 
gaia-20250205_pre.xml 
ny20042856x2_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-003565-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ny20042856x2_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001089872 

2025-02-05 
2025-02-05 

false 
0001089872 
NASDAQ 
8-K 
2025-02-05 
GAIA, INC. 
CO 
000-27517 
84-1113527 
833 West South Boulder Road 
Louisville 
CO 
80027 
303 
222-3600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock 
GAIA 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>