<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-002618.txt : 20250110
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-002618.hdr.sgml : 20250110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250110172751
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-002618
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250107
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001651407
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				472568632
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38128
		FILM NUMBER:		25524045

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		95 SAWYER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02453
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-652-4500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		95 SAWYER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02453
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm252985d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000165140700016514072025-01-072025-01-07iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event
reported): January 7, 2025

Checkpoint
Therapeutics, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
charter)

Delaware 001-38128 47-2568632

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

95
Sawyer Road, Suite
110,

Waltham, MA02453

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(781) 652-4500

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2b under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange
Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share CKPT Nasdaq
Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 7, 2025, Checkpoint
Therapeutics, Inc., (the Company) entered into an executive employment agreement (the Agreement)
with Garrett Gray, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

The Agreement provides
that Mr. Gray will continue to receive an initial annual base salary of $350,000. Mr. Gray is also eligible for an annual performance-based
cash bonus based on Mr. Grays attainment of certain financial, clinical development, and/or business milestones to be established
annually by the Board (or a committee thereof). The achievement of goals as determined by the Board (or committee thereof) will
result in a target annual bonus of up to 30% (maximum 45%) of Mr. Grays base salary. Mr. Gray will also be eligible to receive
grants of long-term incentive awards under and subject to the terms of the Companys equity or other long-term incentive plans in
effect from time to time. The term of the Agreement commenced on January 7, 2025 and will continue until it is terminated pursuant to
Section 4 of the Agreement.

If Mr. Grays employment with the Company
is terminated by the Company without cause or he resigns for Good Reason not in connection with a change in control (as
defined in the Agreement), he will receive severance consisting of twelve (12) months of current base salary, payable beginning on the
sixtieth (60th) day following the termination date, with such first payment comprising all salary accrued from the termination
date through the date of payment. In addition, he will receive: (i) partial accelerated vesting of all unvested equity awards with respect
to the same number of shares that would have vested if Mr. Gray had continued in employment for one year after the termination date and
to the extent any vested equity awards are stock options, Mr. Gray will have twelve (12) months from the date of termination in which
to exercise such options and (ii) if Mr. Gray elects to continue his health insurance coverage under COBRA following the termination,
then the Company shall pay the monthly premiums for such coverage until the earliest of (A) the date that is twelve (12) months following
termination, (B) the expiration of such continuation coverage under COBRA, and (C) the date when Mr. Gray obtains substantially equivalent
health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment.

If Mr. Grays employment is terminated by
the Company without cause or he resigns for Good Reason in connection with a change in control event (as defined in the
Agreement), the Company will provide the following separation benefits: (i) a single lump sum payment equal to the sum of (A) one hundred
fifty percent (150%) of Mr. Grays annual base salary as of the date of the termination (or, if higher, Mr. Grays base salary
immediately preceding the change in control), plus (B) one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the actual amount (if any) of the annual bonus
paid or payable to Mr. Gray for the year immediately preceding the year in which the termination occurs, payable on the sixtieth day following
the effective date of the termination, (ii) if Mr. Gray elects to continue his health insurance coverage under COBRA following the termination,
then the Company shall pay the monthly premiums for such coverage until the earliest of (A) the date that is twelve (12) months following
termination, (B) the expiration of such continuation coverage under COBRA, and (C) the date when Mr. Gray obtains substantially equivalent
health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment, and (iii) accelerated vesting of all unvested equity awards
such that, on the effective date of the release (as defined in the Agreement), Mr. Gray shall be vested in one hundred percent (100%)
of all such equity awards, and to the extent any such equity awards are stock options, Mr. Gray will have twelve (12) months from the
date of termination in which to exercise such options.

In the event of Mr. Grays
death or if he becomes disabled (as defined in the Agreement) Mr. Grays employment shall terminate effective upon the date of his
death or disability. The Company will provide Mr. Gray (or his estate, if applicable) the following separation benefits: (i) continued
payment of Mr. Grays base salary for a period of four (4) months, beginning on the sixtieth (60th) day following the termination
of Mr. Grays employment with the Company and with the first such payment comprising all salary accruing from the termination date
through the date of payment; and (ii) partial accelerated vesting of all unvested equity awards with respect to the same number of shares
that would have vested if Mr. Gray had continued in employment for one year after the termination date and to the extent any vested equity
awards are stock options, Mr. Gray (or his estate, if applicable) will have twelve (12) months from the date of termination in which to
exercise such options.

Mr. Grays right
to receive these severance benefits is subject to his providing a release of claims to the Company and his continued compliance with confidentiality,
non-solicitation and other covenants in favor of the Company.

The forgoing description
of the Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

The following exhibit is furnished herewith:

Exhibit 

Number Description

10.1 Executive Employment Agreement with Garrett Gray, effective as of
January 7, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline Extensible
Business Reporting Language (iXBRL)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: January 10, 2025 Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc.

(Registrant)

By /s/ James F. Oliviero

James F. Oliviero

President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm252985d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Executive
Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 7, 2025 by and between
Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) and William
Garrett Gray (Executive). The Company and Executive are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Parties,
and individually referred to as a Party.

Recitals

WHEREAS, the Company currently
employs Executive as its Chief Financial Officer; and

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to continue to employ Executive and Executive desires to accept such continued employment, on the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement; and

WHEREAS, in his position,
Executive will have access to confidential information concerning the Companys business, its customers and employees; and

WHEREAS, the Company wishes
to protect itself from unauthorized use of this information and to protect its investment in its employees, customer relationships and
confidential information.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing, the mutual agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

Agreement

1. Employment.

1.1Title. Executive is employed by the Company in the position of Chief Financial Officer (CFO), subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

1.2Term. The term of this Agreement will begin on January 7, 2025 (the Effective Date), and will continue
until it is terminated pursuant to Section 4 herein (the Term).

1.3Duties. Executive shall do and perform all services, acts or things necessary or advisable to conduct the business of the Company
and that are normally associated with the position of CFO. In his capacity as CFO, Executive shall report to the Companys President
and Chief Executive Officer.

1.4Policies and Practices. Executive will abide by the policies and practices established by the Company and/or the Companys
Board of Directors (the Board) (or any designated committee thereof). In the event that the terms of this
Agreement differ from or are in conflict with the Companys policies or practices or the Companys Employee Handbook, this
Agreement shall control.

- 1 -

2. Loyalty;
Noncompetition; Nonsolicitation.

2.1Loyalty. During Executives employment by the Company, Executive shall devote substantially all of his business energies,
interest, abilities and productive time to the proper and efficient performance of Executives duties under this Agreement. Notwithstanding
the above, Executive may, on his own time, at his own expense and so as to not interfere with his duties and responsibilities at the Company:
(i) participate in civic, educational, charitable or fraternal organizations; (ii) manage his personal investments; and (iii) with prior
approval of the Board (or a committee thereof), serve as a consultant to, or on the board of directors of, other companies that do not
compete with the Company.

2.2Agreements Protecting Confidential and Proprietary Information. In connection with and as a material condition of the Companys
decision to continue to offer Executive employment, Executive understands, acknowledges and agrees to continue to be bound by certain
restrictive covenants during and after his employment with the Company, as contained in the Companys Proprietary Information and
Inventions Agreement (PIIA); provided, however, that the provisions of Section 4 of the PIIA are superseded
by Section 2.3 of this Agreement. A copy of the PIIA is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A.

2.3Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation.

2.3.1Purpose. Executive understands and agrees that the purpose of this Section 2.3 is solely to protect the Companys legitimate
business interests, including, but not limited to its confidential and proprietary information, customer relationships and goodwill, and
the Companys competitive advantage, and is not intended to impair, nor will it impair, Executives ability or right to work
or earn a living. Therefore, Executive agrees to be subject to restrictive covenants under the following terms.

2.3.2Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings given to such terms below.

(i)Affiliate means, with respect to any specific entity, any other entity that, directly or indirectly, through
one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such specified entity.

(ii)Business means (a) the business of developing or marketing an anti-PD-(L)1 therapy as a treatment for
cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma, or (b) the business of providing such other activities, products or services of the type conducted,
provided or actively contemplated to be conducted or provided by the Company, at the time of, or during the 12 month period prior to,
the termination of Executives employment with the Company for any reason, and with whom or which Executive had Material Contact
during his employment with the Company.

(iii)Customer means any person or entity who is or was a customer or client of the Company or its Affiliates
at the time of, or during the 12-month period prior to, the termination of Executives employment with the Company for any reason,
and with whom or which Executive had Material Contact during his employment with the Company.

- 2 -

(iv) Company Employee means any person who is or was an employee of the Company or its Affiliates at the time
of, or during the twelve (12) month period prior to, the termination of Executives employment with the Company for any reason.

(v)Material Contact means (i) having dealings with a customer on behalf of the Company or its Affiliates; (ii) coordinating
or supervising dealings with a customer on behalf of the Company or its Affiliates; or (iii) obtaining confidential information or trade
secrets about a customer in the ordinary course of business as a result of Employees employment with the Company.

(vi)Restricted Period means the period commencing on the date of termination of Executives employment
with the Company for any reason and ending twelve (12) months after such date.

(vii)Territory means the United States of America, it being understood that the Companys business is
nationwide in scope and a nationwide restriction is reasonable and necessary to protect the Companys interests.

2.3.3Non-Competition. During his employment with the Company and during the Restricted Period, Executive will not, directly or indirectly,
(i) engage in the Business in the Territory on his own or on behalf of any other person or company (other than on behalf of the Company
and/or its Affiliates), or own, manage, operate, join, control or participate in the ownership, management, operation or control, of any
entity engaging in the Business within the Territory, or (ii) hold a position based in or with responsibility for all or part of the Territory,
with any person or entity (other than the Company and/or its Affiliates) engaging in the Business, whether as an employee, consultant,
or otherwise, in which Executive will have duties, or will perform or be expected to perform services for such person or entity, that
is or are the same as or substantially similar to the position held by Executive or those duties or services actually performed by Executive
for the Company within the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the termination of Executives employment with the Company,
or in which Executive will use or disclose any confidential or proprietary information of the Company for the purpose of providing, or
attempting to provide, such person or entity with a competitive advantage with respect to the Business. Ownership by Executive, in professionally
managed funds over which the Executive does not have control or discretion in investment decisions, or as a passive investment, of less
than five percent (5%) of any class of securities of a corporation having a class of securities registered pursuant to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 shall not constitute a breach of this Section 2.3.3.

2.3.4Non-Solicitation. During his employment with the Company and during the Restricted Period, Executive will not, directly or
indirectly, on Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other party (except on behalf of the Company and/or its Affiliates):

(i) Call upon, solicit, divert, encourage or attempt to call upon, solicit, divert, or encourage any Customer
for purposes of marketing, selling, or providing products or services to such Customer that are similar to or competitive with those offered
by the Company;

- 3 -

(ii) Accept as a customer any Customer for purposes of marketing, selling, or providing products or services
to such Customer that are similar to or competitive with those offered by the Company;

(iii) Induce, encourage, or attempt to induce or encourage any Customer to reduce, limit, or cancel its business
with the Company; or

(iv) Solicit, induce, or attempt to solicit or induce any Company Employee to terminate his or her employment
with the Company.

2.3.5Reasonableness of Restrictions. Executive acknowledges and agrees that (i) his services to the Company under this Agreement
are unique and extraordinary; (ii) the restrictive covenants in this Agreement are essential elements of Executives employment
by the Company and are reasonable given Executives access to the Companys confidential information and the substantial knowledge
and goodwill Executive will acquire with respect to the business of the Company as a result of his employment with the Company, and the
unique and extraordinary services to be provided by Executive to the Company; (iii) the restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement
are reasonable in time, territory, and scope, and in all other respects; and (iv) enforcement of the restrictions contained herein will
not deprive the Executive of the ability to earn a reasonable living.

2.3.6Judicial Modification. Should any part or provision of this Section 2.3 be held invalid, void, or unenforceable in any court
of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity, voidness, or unenforceability shall not render invalid, void, or unenforceable any other part
or provision of this Agreement. The parties further agree that if any portion of this Section 2.3 is found to be invalid or unenforceable
by a court of competent jurisdiction because its duration, territory, or other restrictions are deemed to be invalid or unreasonable in
scope, the invalid or unreasonable terms shall be replaced by terms that are valid and enforceable and that come closest to expressing
the intention of such invalid or unenforceable terms.

2.3.7Enforcement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company may suffer irreparable harm in the event that Executive breaches
any of Executives obligations under this Section 2.3 and that monetary damages would be inadequate to compensate the Company for
such breach. Accordingly, Executive agrees that, in the event of a breach by Executive of any of Executives obligations under this
Section 2.3, the Company will be entitled to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction preliminary and permanent injunctive relief,
and expedited discovery for the purpose of seeking relief, in order to prevent or to restrain any such breach. Executive agrees to waive
any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with such remedies. The Company will be entitled to recover its
reasonable costs incurred in connection with enforcing this Section 2.3, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses.

- 4 -

3. Compensation
of Executive.

3.1Base
Salary. The Company shall pay Executive a base salary at the annualized rate of Three Hundred Fifty Thousand
Dollars ($350,000.00) (the Base Salary), less all applicable taxes, deductions and withholdings,
to be paid in equal installments in accord with the Companys normal payroll practices. The Base Salary shall be prorated for
any partial year of employment on the basis of a 365-day fiscal year and may be changed in the discretion of the Board (or a
committee thereof). The Board (or a committee thereof) shall review Executives Base Salary annually and, in its discretion,
may increase Executives Base Salary from year to year. Such adjusted salary then shall become Executives Base Salary
for purposes of this Agreement. The Base Salary may only be decreased in connection with a Company-wide decrease in executive
compensation; provided, however that Executive shall not be subject to any greater percentage reduction than any other Company
executive.

3.2Annual Bonus. Following each calendar year while employed hereunder, Executive will be eligible to receive a performance-based
cash bonus (the Annual Bonus) as described below.

3.2.1The target amount of the Annual Bonus will be thirty percent (30%) of the Base Salary. The amount of the Annual Bonus to be
paid will be based on Executives attainment of certain financial, clinical development, and/or business milestones (the Goals
and Objectives) to be established annually by the Board (or a committee thereof). The achievement of reach goals as determined
by the Board (or a committee thereof) will result in a maximum Annual Bonus of up to forty-five percent (45%) of Executives Base
Salary.

3.2.2The determination of whether Executive has met the Goals and Objectives, and if so, the bonus amount (if any) that will be
paid, will be determined by the Board (or a committee thereof) in its sole discretion. Executive must remain employed by the Company through
and including the last day of the applicable calendar year in order to be eligible to earn or receive any Annual Bonus for that year.
The Annual Bonus for any given calendar year will be paid in cash as a single lump-sum payment no later than two and one half months after
the end of the year to which the Annual Bonus relates.

3.3Equity. During the Term, Executive may be eligible for equity grants, as determined by the Board (or a committee thereof) from
time to time. Nothing herein requires the Board (or a committee thereof) to make additional equity grants in any year.

3.4Expense Reimbursements. The Company will reimburse Executive for all reasonable business expenses incurred by Executive in
connection with the performance of his duties hereunder, subject to the Companys reimbursement policies in effect from time to
time.

3.5Benefits.
Executive shall, in accordance with Company policy and the applicable plan documents, be eligible to participate in benefits under
any benefit plan or arrangement that may be in effect from time to time and made available to the Companys senior management
employees. If at any time during the Term the Company fails to offer medical or dental insurance coverage for Executive and the
eligible members of his immediate family, the Company will reimburse Executive for one hundred percent (100%) of the cost of
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA) coverage to maintain such medical or dental
coverage, to the extent available, provided, however, that should the Company reasonably determine that continued payment of the
COBRA premiums is or may be discriminatory under Section 105(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
Code), the Company will have the right to modify this benefit in order to comply with applicable law in
a manner that best preserves the economic intent of this provision.

- 5 -

3.6Holidays and Vacation. Executive shall be eligible to accrue up to four (4) weeks of paid vacation per year and will receive
paid Company holidays in accordance with Company policy. Unless otherwise required by law or in accordance with Company policy, accrued
but unused vacation time is not carried forward from one year to the next, and is not paid out upon termination of employment for any
reason. All available time off must be used in accordance with the Companys policies and procedures. To the extent Executive would
be entitled to a greater number of vacation days or personal days under any other Company policy, such other policy shall govern.

3.7Withholdings. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state and local taxes as
the Company determines are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law along with any other amount properly requested by Executive.

4. Termination.

4.1Termination by the Company. Executives employment with the Company is at will and may be terminated by the Company at
any time and for any reason, or for no reason, including, but not limited to, under the following conditions:

4.1.1Termination by the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate Executives employment under this Agreement for Cause
(as defined below) by delivery of written notice to Executive in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 4.6.1 below. Any
notice of termination given pursuant to this Section 4.1.1 shall effect termination as of the date of the notice or as of such other date
as specified in the notice, subject to Section 4.6.1 and 4.6.2.

4.1.2Termination by the Company without Cause. The Company may terminate Executives employment under this Agreement without
Cause at any time and for any reason or for no reason. Such termination shall be effective on the date Executive is so informed or as
otherwise specified by the Company.

4.2Termination by Resignation of Executive. Executives employment with the Company is at will and may be terminated by
Executive (i) without Good Reason upon thirty (30) days written notice to the Company or (ii) for Good Reason in accordance with the procedures
set forth in Section 4.6.2 below. During such period of notice, Executive will remain an employee of the Company, but the Company may
in its absolute discretion direct Executive (i) to assist the Company in transferring Executives duties and responsibilities to
another employee of the Company, (ii) to perform Executives duties from home, (iii) not to attend the offices of the Company, (iv)
not to perform the duties of Executives position or become involved in any aspect of the business of the Company, (v) not to contact
or have any communication with any employee, contractor, consultant, or officer of the Company in relation to the business of the Company,
or (vi) any combination of the above.

- 6 -

4.3 Termination for Death or Disability. Executives employment with the Company shall terminate effective upon the date
of Executives death or Disability (as defined below).

4.4Termination by Mutual Agreement of the Parties. Executives employment with the Company may be terminated at any time
upon a mutual agreement in writing of the Parties. Any such termination of employment shall have the consequences specified in such agreement.

4.5Compensation Upon Termination. 

4.5.1Generally. When this Agreement is terminated for any reason, Executive, or his estate, as the case may be, will be entitled
to receive the compensation and benefits earned through the effective date of termination, including, but not limited to, as applicable,
any Base Salary earned by Executive, expense reimbursement amounts owed to Executive, all unpaid amounts of the Annual Bonus for the prior
year, if any, Executive earned prior to the termination date by meeting the conditions set forth in Section 3.2, and any benefits required
to be paid or provided or which Executive is entitled to receive under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or agreement
of the Company, less legally-required deductions and withholdings.

4.5.2Termination
Without Cause or Resignation For Good Reason Not In Connection with a Change in Control. If Executives employment under
this Agreement is terminated by the Company without Cause or Executive resigns for Good Reason, at any time other than at the time
of, or within eighteen (18) months following a Change in Control, then, in addition to the amounts described in Section 4.5.1, and
conditioned upon Executive (or his estate, if applicable) executing and not revoking a release of claims in the form attached as Exhibit
B (the Release) within the time periods specified therein, the Company will provide the following
separation benefits: (i) the Company will continue Executives Base Salary (at the rate in effect as of the termination) for a
period of twelve (12) months, beginning on the sixtieth (60th) day following the termination of Executives
employment with the Company and with the first such payment comprising all salary accruing from the termination date through the
date of payment, (ii) partial accelerated vesting, effective as of the termination date, of all unvested equity awards with respect
to the same number of shares that would have vested if Executive had continued in employment for one year after the termination date
and to the extent any vested equity awards are stock options, Executive will have twelve (12) months from the date of termination in
which to exercise such options (but not beyond the expiration date of the options), and (iii) if Executive (or his estate, if
applicable) elects to continue his health insurance coverage under COBRA following the termination, then the Company shall pay the
monthly premiums (both the Companys portion and Executives portion of such premium) for such coverage until the
earliest of (A) the date that is twelve (12) months following termination, (B) the expiration of such continuation coverage under
COBRA, and (C) the date when Executive obtains substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment
or self-employment, provided, however, that should the Company reasonably determine that continued payment of the COBRA premiums
hereunder is or may be discriminatory under Section 105(h) of the Code or would otherwise cause adverse tax consequences to the
Company or any employee thereof, such COBRA premium payments will be treated as taxable compensation income to Executive, subject to
all applicable withholdings. Executive acknowledges that his exercise of a stock option more than three (3) months after his
employment ends (including during the extended post-employment exercise period described in this Section 4.5.2) will disqualify the
option from being treated as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code, as amended, and will result in the option
being deemed a nonqualified stock option except in certain limited circumstances in connection with Executives death or
Disability.

- 7 -

4.5.3Termination Without Cause or Resignation For Good Reason In Connection with a Change in Control. If the Company terminates
Executives employment without Cause, or if Executive resigns for Good Reason, upon the occurrence of, or within the eighteen (18)
months following, the effective date of a Change in Control, then, in addition to the amounts described in Section 4.5.1, and conditioned
upon Executive (or his estate, if applicable) executing and not revoking the Release within the time periods specified therein, the Company
will provide the following separation benefits: (i) a single lump sum payment equal to the sum of (A) one hundred fifty percent (150%)
of Executives annual Base Salary as of the date of the termination (or, if higher, Executives Base Salary immediately preceding
the Change in Control), plus (B) one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the actual amount (if any) of the Annual Bonus paid or payable to
Executive for the year immediately preceding the year in which the termination occurs, payable on the sixtieth day following the effective
date of the termination, (ii) if Executive (or his estate, if applicable) elects to continue his health insurance coverage under COBRA
following the termination, then the Company shall pay the monthly premiums for such coverage until the earliest of (A) the date that is
twelve (12) months following termination, (B) the expiration of such continuation coverage under COBRA, and (C) the date when Executive
obtains substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment, provided, however, that
should the Company reasonably determine that continued payment of the COBRA premiums hereunder is or may be discriminatory under Section
105(h) of the Code or would otherwise cause adverse tax consequences to the Company or any employee thereof, such COBRA premium payments
will be treated as taxable compensation income to Executive, subject to all applicable withholdings; and (iii) accelerated vesting of
all unvested equity awards such that, on the effective date of the Release, the Executive shall be vested in one hundred percent (100%)
of all such equity awards, and to the extent any such equity awards are stock options, Executive will have twelve (12) months from the
date of termination in which to exercise such options (but not beyond the expiration date of the options). Executive acknowledges that
his exercise of a stock option more than three (3) months after his employment ends (including during the extended post-employment exercise
period described in this Section 4.5.3) will disqualify the option from being treated as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of
the Code, and will result in the option being deemed a nonqualified stock option except in certain limited circumstances in connection
with Executives death or Disability.

4.5.4Termination
by Reason of Death or Disability. In the event that Executives employment with the Company terminates as a result of his
death or Disability (as defined below), in addition to the amounts described in Section 4.5.1, and conditioned upon Executive (or
his estate, if applicable) executing and not revoking the Release within the time periods specified therein, the Company will
provide Executive (or his estate, if applicable) the following separation benefits: (i) continued payment of Executives Base
Salary (at the rate in effect as of the termination) for a period of four (4) months, beginning on the sixtieth (60th)
day following the termination of Executives employment with the Company and with the first such payment comprising all salary
accruing from the termination date through the date of payment; and (ii) partial accelerated vesting, effective as of the
termination date, of all unvested equity awards with respect to the same number of shares that would have vested if Executive had
continued in employment for one year after the termination date and to the extent any vested equity awards are stock options,
Executive (or his estate, if applicable) will have twelve (12) months from the date of termination in which to exercise such options
(but not beyond the expiration date of the options).. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall
mean that Executive has been unable to perform his duties hereunder as the result of physical or mental incapacity lasting at least
ninety (90) days during any consecutive twelve-month period, as determined by the Board (or a committee thereof) in consultation
with a physician chosen by the Company and acceptable to Executive or to Executives legal representative (with such agreement
on acceptability not to be unreasonably withheld). For purposes of making a determination as to whether a Disability exists, at the
Boards request (or the request of a committee thereof) Executive agrees to make himself available and to cooperate in a
reasonable examination by the independent physician retained by the Board and to authorize the disclosure and release to the Board
(or a Committee thereof) of all medical records related to such examination.

- 8 -

4.6Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

4.6.1Cause. As used herein, Cause means: (i) Executives fraud, embezzlement or misappropriation
with respect to the Company which is, or is likely to be, injurious to the Company, its financial condition, or its reputation, (ii) Executives
material breach of this Agreement, (iii) Executives material breach of the PIIA, (iv) Executives material breach of fiduciary
duties to the Company, (v) Executives willful and continual failure or refusal to perform his material duties under this Agreement
or continual failure to follow any specific lawful instructions of the Board (or a Committee thereof) (other than a failure resulting
from Disability), (vi) Executives conviction or plea of nolo contendere in respect of a felony or of a misdemeanor involving moral
turpitude, or (vii) Executives willful or negligent misconduct that has a material adverse effect on the property, business, or
reputation of the Company. Prior to terminating Executives employment for Cause pursuant to clauses (ii), (iii), (v) or (vii),
Executive shall have thirty (30) days after Executives receipt of written notice thereof from the Company to cure any such failure,
action or breach, to the extent subject to being cured.

4.6.2Good
Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following
events without Executives express written consent: (i) a material reduction of Executives Base Salary (except in
connection with a Company-wide decrease in executive compensation in accordance with Section 3.1 of this Agreement), (ii) a material
diminution of Executives title, position, authority, duties, or responsibilities, (iii) a material change in the geographic
location at which the Executive must perform services (which, for purposes of this Agreement, means a relocation of the
Executives principal workplace to a location that is more than twenty-five miles from Saratoga Springs, New York), or (iv)
the Companys material breach of this Agreement through any action or inaction. In order for Executive to resign for Good
Reason, Executive must provide written notice to the Company of the existence of the Good Reason condition within ninety (90) days
of the initial occurrence of such Good Reason condition. Upon receipt of such notice, the Company will have thirty (30) days during
which it may remedy the Good Reason condition and not be required to provide for the benefits described in Section 4.5.2 or 4.5.3 as
applicable as a result of such proposed resignation. If the Good Reason condition is not remedied within such thirty (30) day
period, Executive may resign based on the Good Reason condition specified in the notice effective immediately upon the expiration of
the thirty (30) day cure period (and in no event later than ninety (90) days after the expiration of such cure period).

- 9 -

4.6.3Change in Control. For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence,
in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events (excluding in any case transactions
in which the Company or its successors issues securities to investors primarily for bona fide capital raising purposes):

(i)the acquisition by any person or entity, or more than one person or entity acting as a group, of securities of the Company
representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the Companys then-outstanding securities other than
by virtue of a merger, consolidation or other similar transaction;

(ii)a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do
not own at least fifty percent (50%) of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving entity (or that entitys parent)
in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction;

(iii)the sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition (whether direct or indirect, by sale of assets or stock, merger, consolidation
or otherwise) of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company; or

(iv)individuals who are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board) cease for any reason to constitute
at least a majority of the members of the Board over a period of 12 months; provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or
nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board
then still in office, such new member shall, for purposes of this Agreement, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board.

4.7Survival of Certain Sections. Sections 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, and 18 of this Agreement will survive
the termination of this Agreement.

4.8Parachute
Payment. If any payment or benefit the Executive would receive pursuant to this Agreement, either alone or together with other
payments and benefits provided to him by the Company (the Total Payments) would (i) constitute a
parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the
excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), then the Total Payments shall be
reduced if and to the extent that a reduction in the Total Payments would result in Executive retaining a larger amount than if
Executive received all of the Total Payments, in each case measured on an after-tax basis (taking into account federal, state, and
local income taxes, and, if applicable, the Excise Tax). The determination of any reduction in the Total Payments will be made at
the Companys expense by the Companys independent public accountants or a law or consulting firm selected by the
Company, applying reasonable, good faith interpretations regarding the applicability of Section 280G and Section 4999, along with
any other applicable portions of the Code or other tax laws. If a reduction in the Total Payment is necessary, such reduction shall
occur in the following order: (i) reduction of cash payments; (ii) cancellation of accelerated vesting of equity awards
other than stock options; (iii) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock options; and (iv) reduction of other benefits
paid to Executive. Within any such category of payments and benefits (that is, (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv)), a reduction shall
occur first with respect to amounts that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A (as
defined in Section 4.9 below) and then with respect to amounts that are. In the event that acceleration of compensation from
Executives equity awards is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be canceled, subject to the immediately
preceding sentence, in the reverse order of the date of grant.

- 10 -

4.9Section
409A Compliance. The Parties intend that all provisions of this Agreement and the payments made pursuant thereto will comply
with, or be exempt from, the application of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder and any state
law of similar effect (collectively Section 409A), and all provisions of this Agreement will be
construed, to the maximum extent possible, in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under
Section 409A. Nevertheless, the tax treatment of the benefits provided under the Agreement is not warranted or guaranteed. Neither
the Company nor its directors, officers, employees or advisers (other than Executive himself) shall be held liable for any taxes,
interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by Executive as a result of the application of Section 409A of the Code.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any payments and benefits provided under this Section 4 that constitute
deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A will not commence in connection with Executives
termination of employment unless and until Executive has also incurred a separation from service (as such term is
defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)), unless the Company reasonably determines that such amounts may be provided to
Executive without causing Executive to incur the additional 20% tax under Section 409A. The parties intend that each installment of
the separation benefits payments provided for in this Agreement is a separate payment for purposes of Treasury
Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(i). For the avoidance of doubt, the parties intend that payments of any separation benefits
hereunder satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions from the application of Section 409A provided under Treasury
Regulation Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(5) and 1.409A-1(b)(9). Executive and the Company agree to use their best efforts to
amend the terms of this Agreement from time to time as may be necessary to avoid the imposition of penalties or additional taxes
under Section 409A; provided, however, any such amendment will provide Executive substantially equivalent economic payments and
benefits as set forth herein and will not in the aggregate, materially increase the cost to, or liability of, the Company hereunder.
However, if the Company determines that any separation benefits hereunder constitute deferred compensation under
Section 409A and Executive is, on the termination of service, a specified employee of the Company or any successor
entity thereto, as such term is defined in Section 409A, then, solely to the extent necessary to avoid the incurrence of the adverse
personal tax consequences under Section 409A, the timing of any separation benefits hereunder will be delayed until the earlier to
occur of: (i) the date that is six months and one day after Executives separation from service, or (ii) the date of
Executives death (such applicable date, the Specified Employee Initial Payment Date), and the
Company (or the successor entity thereto, as applicable) will (A) pay to Executive a lump sum amount equal to the sum of any
separation benefits hereunder that Executive would otherwise have received through the Specified Employee Initial Payment Date if
the commencement of the payment of any separation benefits hereunder had not been so delayed pursuant to this Section, and (B)
commence paying the balance of the separation benefits in accordance with the applicable payment schedules set forth in this
Agreement.

- 11 -

5. Assignment
and Binding Effect.

This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of Executive and Executives heirs, executors, personal representatives, assigns, administrators and
legal representatives. Because of the unique and personal nature of Executives duties under this Agreement, neither this Agreement
nor any rights or obligations under this Agreement shall be assignable by Executive. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the Company and its successors, assigns and legal representatives. Any such successor of the Company will be deemed substituted
for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. For this purpose, successor means any person, firm,
corporation or other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all
or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company.

6. Notices.

All notices or demands of any
kind required or permitted to be given by the Company or Executive under this Agreement shall be given in writing and shall be personally
delivered (and receipted for) or mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

If to the Company:

Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc.

95 Sawyer Rd, Suite 110

Waltham, MA 02453

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

If to Executive:
the address on file with the Company.

Any such written notice shall
be deemed given on the earlier of the date on which such notice is personally delivered or three (3) days after its deposit in the United
States mail as specified above. Either Party may change its address for notices by giving notice to the other Party in the manner specified
in this Section.

7. Choice
of Law.

This Agreement shall be construed
and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of laws principles.

8. Integration.

This Agreement, including
all documents referenced herein, contains the complete, final and exclusive agreement of the Parties relating to the terms and
conditions of Executives employment and the termination of Executives employment, and supersedes all prior and
contemporaneous oral and written employment agreements or arrangements between the Parties.

- 12 -

9. Amendment.

This Agreement cannot be amended
or modified except by a written agreement signed by Executive and the Company.

10. Waiver.

No term, covenant or condition
of this Agreement or any breach thereof shall be deemed waived, except with the written consent of the Party against whom the wavier is
claimed, and any waiver or any such term, covenant, condition or breach shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or succeeding
breach of the same or any other term, covenant, condition or breach.

11. Severability.

The finding by a court of competent
jurisdiction of the unenforceability, invalidity or illegality of any provision of this Agreement shall not render any other provision
of this Agreement unenforceable, invalid or illegal. Such court shall have the authority to modify or replace the invalid or unenforceable
term or provision with a valid and enforceable term or provision, which most accurately represents the Parties intention with respect
to the invalid or unenforceable term, or provision.

12. Interpretation;
Construction.

The headings set forth in this
Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be used in interpreting this Agreement. This Agreement has been drafted
by legal counsel representing the Company, but Executive has been encouraged to consult with, and has consulted with, Executives
own independent counsel and tax advisors with respect to the terms of this Agreement. The Parties acknowledge that each Party and its
counsel has reviewed and revised, or had an opportunity to review and revise, this Agreement, and any rule of construction to the effect
that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement.

13. Arbitration.

13.1In the event that a dispute arises between the parties regarding the formation, interpretation, enforceability, performance
and/or the terms and conditions of this Agreement and/or if there arises any other claim or legal dispute between the parties with respect
to Executives employment or the termination thereof (including but not limited to claims based in tort or those which are statutory
in nature and claims relating to discrimination of any kind) (each a Dispute), the complaining party shall
submit the Dispute in writing to the other party for resolution.

- 13 -

13.2If
the Dispute is not resolved between the parties within thirty (30) days of the date the Dispute is submitted in writing to the other
party, and if the complaining party wishes to pursue the Dispute, then the Dispute will be resolved by final and binding arbitration
conducted in accordance with the procedures set forth herein. To initiate arbitration proceedings, the complaining party must make a
demand for arbitration (the Demand for Arbitration) pursuant to the Employment Arbitration Rules of the
American Arbitration Association in effect at the time of the Dispute (the AAA Rules).

13.3Any arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13 will be conducted before a single arbitrator chosen in accordance with
the AAA Rules, and all arbitration proceedings will occur in New York, New York, unless otherwise agreed by the parties.

13.4The parties shall share all costs, filing fees, and administrative fees for the arbitration equally as they come due; the parties
shall be responsible for their own attorneys fees, witness fees, and travel costs, provided, however, that in the event a Dispute
arises following a Change in Control, then the arbitrator may, in his discretion, order the Company or the successor corporation to the
Company to pay Executives reasonable attorneys fees, legal fees, filing fees, administrative fees for the arbitration, in
connection with Executives efforts, if successful, to obtain or enforce any payment or benefit provided by this Agreement in connection
with a termination following a Change in Control.

13.5The arbitrator shall have the authority to rule on any and all issues properly presented in the Demand for Arbitration and/or
pursuant to the AAA Rules and may award any and all relief provided under applicable law. The arbitrators award may be enforced,
vacated, modified or corrected as set forth in the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1 et seq. This Section 13 shall be governed
by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1 et seq., as amended, and the applicable rules of the American Arbitration Association.

13.6The parties expressly understand that by agreeing to this arbitration provision, they are agreeing to waive any rights to a
civil action and/or jury trial regarding any Disputes between them.

13.7Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if either party seeks preliminary injunctive relief to protect its rights
pursuant to this Agreement, then such party will have the power, without waiving this arbitration agreement, to invoke the jurisdiction
of any court having jurisdiction for the exclusive purpose of obtaining such preliminary injunctive relief, and for such purposes each
party hereby consents to the jurisdiction of, and laying of venue in, the state and federal courts sitting in New York, New York.

14. Representations
and Warranties.

14.1Obligations
to Prior Employers. Executive represents and warrants to the Company that Executive is not obligated or restricted under any
agreement (including any non-competition or confidentiality agreement), judgment, decree, order or other restraint of any kind that
could impair Executives ability to perform the duties and obligations required of Executive hereunder. Executive further
represents and warrants to the Company that he has not violated any confidentiality agreement or other similar obligation that he
has to any former employer and that he has not disclosed any confidential or trade secret information belonging to any former
employer to the Company or its agents. Executive agrees that he will not use confidential information and/or trade secrets belonging
to any former employer in his employment with the Company or otherwise as a resource for building the business of the Company and
will structure his and the Companys work environment and practices in such a way to ensure that any such information will not
be used or disclosed during the course of his relationship with the Company.

- 14 -

14.2Litigation Support. Both during and after Executives employment with the Company, if the Company is evaluating, pursuing,
contesting or defending any proceeding, charge, complaint, claim, demand, notice, action, suit, litigation, hearing, audit, investigation,
arbitration or mediation, in each case whether initiated by or against the Company (collectively, a Proceeding),
other than a Proceeding initiated by or against Executive, Executive will reasonably cooperate with the Company and its counsel in the
evaluation, pursuit, contest or defense of the Proceeding and provide such testimony and access to books and records as may be necessary
in connection therewith. Any such cooperation occurring after Executives employment shall be done at times mutually convenient
for Executive and the Company, and the Company will ensure that any such cooperation does not interfere with any duties or obligations
that Executive may have to a third party, including any future employer. The Company will reimburse Executive for Executives reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses related to such cooperation occurring after Executives employment.

14.3Future Employment. In the event of Executives separation from the Company, regardless of the reason or cause of that
separation, Executive agrees that for a period of twelve (12) months from the date his employment terminates, he will provide the Company
with no fewer than three (3) business days notice of his intent to accept employment with or for an organization other than Company
for the express purpose of allowing the Company to determine if such proposed employment interferes with any of Executives surviving
obligations under this Agreement. The notice of intent to accept employment will identify the new employer, list Executives anticipated
title and describe his anticipated duties.

15. Indemnification.

The Company shall defend and
indemnify Executive in his capacity as CFO of the Company to the fullest extent permitted under the Delaware General Corporate Law.

16. Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed
in two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, all of which together shall contribute one and the same instrument. Signatures
to this Agreement transmitted by fax, by email in portable document format (.pdf) or by any other electronic
means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of this Agreement shall have the same effect as physical delivery
of the paper document bearing original signature.

17. Jurisdiction;
Venue.

The Parties agree that,
subject to the Parties obligation to arbitrate disputes pursuant to Section 13 above, any litigation arising out of or
related to this Agreement or Executives employment by the Company shall be brought exclusively in any state or federal court
in New York, New York. Each Party (i) consents to the personal jurisdiction of said courts, (ii) waives any venue or inconvenient
forum defense to any proceeding maintained in such courts, and (iii) except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, agrees not to
bring any proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executives employment by the Company in any other
court.

18. Advertising
Waiver.

Executive agrees to permit the
Company, and persons or other organizations authorized by the Company, to use, publish and distribute advertising or sales promotional
literature concerning the products and/or services of the Company, or the machinery and equipment used in the provision thereof, in which
Executives name and/or pictures of Executive taken in the course of Executives provision of services to the Company appear.
Executive hereby waives and releases any claim or right Executive may otherwise have arising out of such use, publication or distribution.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.
Signature Page Immediately Follows]

- 15 -

In
Witness Whereof, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

Checkpoint
Therapeutics, Inc.

/s/ James F. Oliviero III 01/07/2025

Name: James F. Oliviero
III Date

Position:
President & CEO 

Executive:

/s/ William Garrett Gray 01/07/2025

William Garrett Gray Date

- 16 -

EXHIBIT
A

Form of Proprietary Information and Inventions
Agreement

EXHIBIT
B

RELEASE OF CLAIMS

THIS RELEASE OF CLAIMS
(this Release) is made by William Garrett Gray (Executive) as of the date it is signed by
Executive, as indicated on the signature page hereof.

Executive acknowledges that
he previously executed an Executive Employment Agreement (the Agreement) that included, among other items, a promise
of separation benefits from Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc., Inc. (the Company) in certain situations, contingent upon
Executives execution of a release of claims. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Companys promise to provide separation
benefits, Executive executes this Release.

Executive, on his own behalf
and on behalf of his heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns, hereby releases and forever discharges the Company and each
of its Affiliates and each and every one of their respective present and former shareholders, directors, officers, members, employees,
agents, insurers, predecessors, successors and assigns (the Released Parties), of and from any and all claims, demands,
actions, causes of action, damages, costs and expenses which Executive now has or may have by reason of anything occurring, done or omitted
to be done as of or prior to date he signs this Release whether arising out of or related to Executives employment with the Company
or otherwise, including but not limited to: (i) any and all claims related to Executives employment with Company and the termination
of same; (ii) any and all claims for additional compensation or benefits other than the compensation and benefits set forth in the Agreement,
including but not limited to wages, commissions, deferred compensation, bonuses, or other benefits of any kind; (iii) any and all claims
relating to employment practices or policies of Company or its Affiliates; (iv) any common law claims arising out of or related to Executives
employment by the Company, including but not limited to wrongful discharge, breach of contract, negligent or intentional infliction of
emotional distress, or negligent supervision or retention; and (v) any and all claims arising out of or related to Executives employment
by the Company arising under any state or federal legislation, including, but not limited to, claims under the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the New York
Human Rights Law, N.Y. Exec. Law 290 et seq., the New York City Human Rights Law, N.Y.C. Admin. Code 8-101
et seq., N.Y. Civ. Rights Law 40-c et seq. (New York anti-discrimination law), N.Y. Lab. Law 190
(New York wage payment law), N.Y. Lab. Law 740 (New York whistleblower protection law), and any other federal, state
or local law or regulation prohibiting employment discrimination or otherwise governing the employment relationship between Executive
and Company (the Released Claims), except that notwithstanding anything contained in this Release, Executive understands
that he is not releasing (i) any claim for indemnification or advancement by the Company, whether pursuant to law, the Companys
bylaws, or under any directors and officers insurance policy maintained by the Company; (ii) any claims which cannot by law be released;
or (iii) claims arising out of or related to his ownership of any equity interest in the Company.

Executive
further covenants and agrees that he will not sue or make any claim against any of the Released Parties on any ground arising out of or
related to any of the Released Claims. Executive acknowledges and agrees that this covenant does not preclude him from filing a charge
or complaint with, or cooperating in an investigation by, any government agency (including but not limited to the U.S. Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission), to the extent permitted by law, but Executive expressly releases, waives, and disclaims any right to monetary
damages, attorneys fees and/or costs related to or arising from any charge, complaint or lawsuit filed by Executive or on his behalf,
individually or collectively, involving the Released Parties.

In making this Release, Executive
further represents and acknowledges that:

(b)He is voluntarily entering into and signing this Release;

(c)The claims waived, released and discharged in the above Release include any and all claims Executive has or may have arising
out of or related to his employment with the Company and the termination of that employment, including any and all claims under the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act;

(d)Those claims waived, released and discharged in this Release do not include, and Executive is not waiving, releasing or discharging,
any claims that may arise after the date he signs this Release;

(e)The payments and benefits conditioned upon Executives execution of this Release constitute consideration that Executive
was not entitled to receive before the effective date of this Release absent the execution of this Release;

(f)Executive was given twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Release;

(g)The Company has advised Executive of his right to consult with an attorney regarding this Release before executing the Release
and encouraged him to exercise that right;

(h)Executive may revoke this Release at any time within seven (7) days after the date he signs this Release, and this document
will not become effective or enforceable until the eighth (8th) day after the date he signs this Release (on which day this Release will
automatically become effective and enforceable unless previously revoked within that seven (7) day period); and

(i)EXECUTIVE HAS CAREFULLY READ THIS DOCUMENT, AND FULLY UNDERSTANDS EACH AND EVERY TERM.

I hereby execute this Release
on the ______day of ____________, _______.

William Garrett Gray
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ckpt-20250107.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ckpt-20250107_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ckpt-20250107_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 07, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38128

Entity Registrant Name Checkpoint
Therapeutics, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001651407

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-2568632

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 95
Sawyer Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
110

Entity Address, City or Town Waltham

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02453

City Area Code 781

Local Phone Number 652-4500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CKPT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://checkpointtx.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ckpt-20250107.xsd 
ckpt-20250107_lab.xml 
ckpt-20250107_pre.xml 
tm252985d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-002618-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm252985d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001651407 

2025-01-07 
2025-01-07 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001651407 
8-K 
2025-01-07 
Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc. 
DE 
001-38128 
47-2568632 
95 Sawyer Road 
Suite 110 
Waltham 
MA 
02453 
781 
652-4500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
CKPT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>