<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-002579.txt : 20250110
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-002579.hdr.sgml : 20250110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250110163125
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-002579
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250110
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			American National Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001039828
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				421447959
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31911
		FILM NUMBER:		25523463

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6000 WESTOWN PARKWAY
		CITY:			WEST DEMOINES
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50266
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5152210002

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6000 WESTOWN PARKWAY
		CITY:			WEST DES MOINES
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50266

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN EQUITY INVESTMENT LIFE HOLDING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990414
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2430912d7_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000103982800010398282025-01-102025-01-100001039828us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember2025-01-102025-01-100001039828us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember2025-01-102025-01-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 10, 2025

AMERICAN NATIONAL GROUP INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

Delaware 001-31911 42-1447959

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.) 

One Moody Plaza

Galveston, Texas77550

(Address of principal executive offices and zip
code)

(888) 221-1234

(Registrants telephone
number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act:

Title of each class Trading 

Symbol(s) Name of each 

exchange on 

which registered

Depositary
Shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 5.95% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series
A ANG PR
A New York Stock Exchange

Depositary
Shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 6.625% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series
B ANG PR
B New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933
(230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this
chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 10, 2025, American National Group
Inc. (the Company) closed its previously announced public offering (the Offering) of an aggregate of 12,000,000
depositary shares (the Depositary Shares), each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of the Companys 7.375%
Series D Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock (the Series D Preferred Stock). The Depositary Shares were
sold in a public offering pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-281155). The Company
intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering, together with cash on hand, to redeem in full the 5.95% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative
Preferred Stock, Series A of the Company (the Series A Preferred Stock) and the related depositary shares in accordance
with the terms thereof. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute a notice of redemption with respect to the Series A
Preferred Stock or the related depositary shares.

In connection with the Offering, the Company entered
into a deposit agreement, dated January 10, 2025 (the Deposit Agreement), by and among the Company, Computershare Inc.
and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., collectively, as depositary (the Depositary), Computershare Trust Company, N.A.,
as registrar and transfer agent, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts (the Depositary Receipts)
issued thereunder, a form of which is included therein (the Form of Depositary Receipt). The Deposit Agreement provides
for the deposit of shares of the Series D Preferred Stock from time to time with the Depositary and for the issuance of Depositary
Receipts evidencing Depositary Shares in respect of the deposited Series D Preferred Stock.

The foregoing description of the Deposit Agreement
and Form of Depositary Receipt do not purport to be a complete statement of the parties rights and obligations under the Deposit
Agreement and Form of Depositary Receipt and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Deposit Agreement
and Form of Depositary Receipt, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, hereto and incorporated by reference
herein.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

In connection with the Offering, on January 9,
2025, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware (the Secretary of State), including a certificate of designations for the Series D Preferred
Stock (collectively, the Certificate of Amendment), to establish the preferences, limitations, and relative rights of the
Series D Preferred Stock. The Certificate of Amendment became effective upon filing with the Secretary of State.

Under the terms of the Series D Preferred
Stock, the ability of the Company to declare or pay dividends on, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, shares of its common stock
or any shares of the Company that rank junior to, or on parity with, the Series D Preferred Stock will be subject to certain restrictions
in the event that the Company does not declare and pay (or set aside) dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock for the last preceding
dividend period. The foregoing description of the Certificate of Amendment does not purport to be a complete statement of the parties
rights and obligations under the Certificate of Amendment and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Certificate
of Amendment, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The information set forth in Item 3.03 is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

3.1 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of American National Group Inc. (including the Certificate of Designations with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock of the Company).

4.1 Deposit Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2025, among the Company, Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., collectively, as Depositary, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Registrar and Transfer Agent and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein.

4.2 Form of Depositary Receipt (included in Exhibit 4.1).

5.1 Opinion of Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP.

23.1 Consent of Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

Cautionary Language Regarding Forward Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements
that are based on current expectations of management of the Company. Such statements include plans, projections and estimates regarding
the use of proceeds from the Offering. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including
prevailing market conditions and other factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions
prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AMERICAN NATIONAL GROUP INC.

Date: January 10, 2025 By: /s/ Reza Syed

Reza Syed

Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2430912d7_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

TO THE

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

AMERICAN NATIONAL GROUP INC.

American National Group Inc., a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation), does hereby certify as follows:

FIRST: The name of the Corporation is American
National Group Inc. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (as amended, the Certificate of Incorporation)
was originally filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 3, 2024.

SECOND: Article Fifth of the Certificate
of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

The aggregate number of shares of all classes
of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,919,500, of which:

i. 1,909,500 shares shall be designated Preferred Stock, comprising of (w) 20,000 shares of 5.95% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative
Preferred Stock, Series A, par value $1.00 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock), (x) 12,000 shares
of 6.625% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B, par value $1.00 per share (the Series B Preferred
Stock), (y) 12,000 shares of 7.375% Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D, par value $1.00 per share
(the Series D Preferred Stock) and (z) 1,865,500 shares of preferred stock of the Corporation, par value
$1.00 per share, undesignated as to series (collectively, the Preferred Stock); and

ii. 10,000 shares, par value $0.01 per share, shall be designated Common Stock (Common Stock).

THIRD: Article Eleventh of the Certificate
of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

The following is a statement of the designations,
voting powers, preferences and rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of Preferred Stock.

1

(1) Exhibit A
attached hereto sets forth the voting powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, option or other special rights, and
the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the Series A Preferred Stock and is incorporated herein by reference as if set
forth in full.

(2) Exhibit B
attached hereto sets forth the voting powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, option or other special rights, and
the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the Series B Preferred Stock and is incorporated herein by reference as if set
forth in full.

(3) Exhibit C
attached hereto sets forth the voting powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, option or other special rights, and
the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the Series D Preferred Stock and is incorporated herein by reference as if set
forth in full.

(4) Except
as set forth in Exhibit A, Exhibit B and Exhibit C, holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall not
have any right to vote for election of directors or on any other matter or any right to notice of any meeting of stockholders.

(5) In
the event of any complete, or substantially complete, voluntary or involuntary, liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation,
before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of shares of Common Stock, all of the assets of the Corporation shall
be paid and distributed among the shareholders of the Corporation in accordance with the terms set forth in each of Exhibit A,
Exhibit B and Exhibit C. Neither the merger nor consolidation of the Corporation into or with any other corporation,
nor the merger of any corporation into the Corporation, nor the sale or transfer by the Corporation of all or any part of its assets shall
be deemed a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation for the purposes of this subsection (5).

FOURTH: Exhibit C to the Certificate
of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to be in the form attached as Annex A hereto.

FIFTH: This Certificate of Amendment to
the Certificate of Incorporation (this Certificate of Amendment) has been duly adopted by the Board of Directors
of the Corporation in accordance with the provisions of Sections 141 and 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

SIXTH: This Certificate of Amendment has
been duly adopted by the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with the provisions of Sections 228 and 242 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware.

[The remainder of this page has intentionally
been left blank.]

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused
this Certificate of Amendment to be executed by its duly authorized officer on this 9th day of January, 2025.

By: /s/ Reza Syed

Name: Reza Syed

Title: Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President

[Signature Page to Certificate of Amendment
American National Group Inc.]

Annex A

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS

OF

SERIES D PREFERRED STOCK

OF

AMERICAN NATIONAL GROUP INC.

In accordance with Article ELEVENTH of the
Certificate of Incorporation of American National Group Inc. (the Corporation), the voting powers, designations,
preferences and relative, participating, option or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of a series
of preferred stock designated as 7.375% Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D are expressed in this Certificate
of Designations (the Certificate of Designations) as follows:

1. Designation.
The distinctive serial designation of such series of preferred stock is 7.375% Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D
(the Series D Preferred Stock). Each share of Series D Preferred Stock shall be identical in all respects
to every other share of Series D Preferred Stock, except as to the respective dates from which dividends thereon shall accrue, to
the extent such dates may differ as permitted pursuant to Section 5(a) below.

2. Number
of Shares. The authorized number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall be 12,000. Such number may from time to time be
increased (but not in excess of the total number of authorized shares of preferred stock of the Corporation, less all shares of any other
series of preferred stock authorized at the time of such increase) or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Series D Preferred
Stock then outstanding) by the Board. The Corporation may at any time and from time to time, without notice to or the consent of holders
of the Series D Preferred Stock, issue additional shares of Series D Preferred Stock that shall form a single series with the
Series D Preferred Stock initially authorized hereby, provided that such additional shares of Series D Preferred Stock are fungible
for U.S. federal income tax purposes with the Series D Preferred Stock authorized hereby. Shares of Series D Preferred Stock
that are redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation, or converted into another series of preferred stock, shall be cancelled
and shall revert to authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock of the Corporation undesignated as to series.

3. Definitions.
As used herein with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock:

(a) Board
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(b) Business
Day means any day other than (i) a Saturday or Sunday or a legal holiday or (ii) a day on which banking institutions
in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, are authorized or obligated by law, executive order or regulation to close.

1

(c) Bylaws
means the Bylaws of the Corporation, effective as of May 7, 2024, as the same may be amended or restated from time to time.

(d) Certificate
of Designations has the meaning specified in the preamble.

(e) Certificate
of Incorporation shall mean the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as the same may be amended or restated from
time to time, and shall include this Certificate of Designations.

(f) Common
Stock means the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation.

(g) Corporation
has the meaning specified in the preamble.

(h) Dividend
Payment Date has the meaning specified in Section 5(a).

(i) Dividend
Period has the meaning specified in Section 5(a).

(j) Dividend
Record Date has the meaning specified in Section 5(a).

(k) DTC
means The Depository Trust Company.

(l) Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(m) Outstanding
Preferred Stock means the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock.

(n) First
Call Date means January 15, 2030.

(o) first
series has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).

(p) Junior
Stock means the Common Stock and any other class or series of stock of the Corporation that ranks junior to the Series D
Preferred Stock as to the distribution of assets upon the Corporations liquidation, dissolution or winding-up.

(q) Liquidation
Preference has the meaning specified in Section 6(b).

(r) Nonpayment
has the meaning specified in Section 8(b).

(s) NYSE
has the meaning specified in Section 8(b).

(t) Parity
Stock means the Outstanding Preferred Stock and any other class or series of the Corporations stock that ranks equally
with the Series D Preferred Stock in the distribution of assets upon the Corporations liquidation, dissolution or winding-up.

(u) person
means a legal person, including any individual, corporation, estate, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, company,
limited liability company, trust, unincorporated association, or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other
entity of whatever nature.

2

(v) Preferred
Stock means any and all series of preferred stock, having any par value per share, of the Corporation, including the Series D
Preferred Stock.

(w) Preferred
Stock Directors has the meaning specified in Section 8(b).

(x) Rating
Agency Event means any nationally recognized statistical rating organization (within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) of
the Exchange Act) that then publishes a rating for the Corporation (a Rating Agency) amends, clarifies or changes
the criteria it uses to assign equity credit to securities such as the Series D Preferred Stock, which amendment, clarification or
change results in:

(i) the
shortening of the length of time the Series D Preferred Stock is assigned a particular level of equity credit by that Rating Agency
as compared to the length of time they would have been assigned that level of equity credit by that Rating Agency or its predecessor on
the initial issuance of the Series D Preferred Stock or

(ii) the
lowering of the equity credit (including up to a lesser amount) assigned to the Series D Preferred Stock by that Rating Agency as
compared to the equity credit assigned by that Rating Agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the Series D Preferred
Stock.

(y) Registrar
means the registrar with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock, which shall initially be Computershare Trust Company, N.A., and
its successors, including any successor appointed by the Corporation.

(z) Regulatory
Capital Event means that the Corporation becomes subject to capital adequacy supervision by a capital regulator and the capital
adequacy guidelines that apply to the Corporation as a result of being so subject set forth criteria pursuant to which the liquidation
preference amount of the Series D Preferred Stock would not qualify as capital under such capital adequacy guidelines, as the Corporation
may determine at any time, in its sole discretion.

(aa) second
series has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).

(bb) Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(cc) Series A
Preferred Stock means the Corporations 5.95% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A.

(dd) Series B
Preferred Stock means the Corporations 6.625% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B.

(ee) Series D
Preferred Stock has the meaning specified in Section 1.

3

(ff) Transfer
Agent means the transfer agent with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock, which shall initially be Computershare Trust
Company, N.A., and its successors, including any successor appointed by the Corporation.

(gg) Voting
Preferred Stock means, with regard to any matter as to which the holders of Series D Preferred Stock are entitled to vote
as specified in Section 8 of this Certificate of Designations, any other class or series of preferred stock of the Corporation ranking
equally with the Series D Preferred Stock as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation
and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable with respect to such matter.

4. Ranking.
With respect to the distribution of assets upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, the Series D Preferred
Stock will rank in right of payment: (a) senior to any Junior Stock (b) equally with the Outstanding Preferred Stock and
each other series of Parity Stock that the Corporation may issue; and (c) junior to any class or series of stock ranking senior to
the Series D Preferred Stock in the distribution of assets upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation that
may be issued with the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of all outstanding shares of the Series D
Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class.

5. Dividends.

(a) Rate.
Dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock will not be mandatory. Holders of Series D Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive,
when, as and if declared by the Board (or a duly authorized committee of the Board), out of funds legally available for the payment of
dividends, quarterly in arrears on the 15th day of January, April, July and October of each year, commencing on April 15,
2025 (each such date, a Dividend Payment Date), non-cumulative cash dividends that accrue from the date of original
issue at a fixed rate per annum of 7.375% on the stated amount of $25,000 per share.

If the Corporation issues additional shares of
Series D Preferred Stock after the original issue date, dividends on such shares will accrue from the original issue date if such
shares are issued prior to the first Dividend Payment Date. Dividends on Series D Preferred Stock issued after the first Dividend
Payment Date will accrue from either the date on which such shares are issued (if such shares are issued on a Dividend Payment Date) or
the Dividend Payment Date preceding the date such shares are issued (if such shares are not issued on a Dividend Payment Date).

Dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock
shall not be cumulative. Accordingly, if the Board (or a duly authorized committee of the Board) does not declare a dividend on the Series D
Preferred Stock payable in respect of any Dividend Period before the related Dividend Payment Date, (i) such dividend will not accrue,
(ii) the Corporation will have no obligation to pay a dividend for that Dividend Period on the Dividend Payment Date or at any future
time, whether or not dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock are declared for any future Dividend Period and (iii) no interest,
or sum of money in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend not so declared.

4

When payable, dividends will be payable to holders
of record of the Series D Preferred Stock as they appear on the books of the Corporation on the applicable record date, which shall
be the 15th calendar day before such Dividend Payment Date or such other record date fixed by the Board (or a duly authorized committee
of the Board) that is not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to such Dividend Payment Date (each, a Dividend Record
Date). Any such day that is a Dividend Record Date shall be a Dividend Record Date whether or not such day is a Business Day.

Each dividend period (a Dividend Period)
shall (i) commence on and include a Dividend Payment Date and (ii) end on, but exclude, the next Dividend Payment Date (other
than the initial Dividend Period, which shall commence on, and include, the original issue date of the Series D Preferred Stock and
end on, but exclude, the April 15, 2025 Dividend Payment Date (provided that for any share of Series D Preferred Stock issued
after the original issue date of the Series D Preferred Stock, the initial Dividend Period for such shares may commence on and include
the original issue date of the Series D Preferred Stock if such shares are issued prior to the first Dividend Payment Date or otherwise
will commence on and include the date on which such shares are issued (if such shares are issued on a Dividend Payment Date) or the Dividend
Payment Date preceding the date they are issued (if such shares are not issued on a Dividend Payment Date))).

Dividends payable on the Series D Preferred
Stock shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. If any Dividend Payment Date is a day that
is not a Business Day, then the dividend with respect to that Dividend Payment Date will instead be paid on the immediately succeeding
Business Day, without interest or other payment in respect of such delayed payment.

Holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall
not be entitled to any dividends, whether payable in cash, securities or other property, other than dividends (if any) declared and payable
on the Series D Preferred Stock as specified in this Section 5 (subject to the other provisions of this Certificate of Designations).

(b) Priority
Dividends. So long as any Series D Preferred Stock remains outstanding for any Dividend Period, unless the full dividends for
the latest completed Dividend Period on all outstanding Series D Preferred Stock have been declared and paid (or declared and a sum
sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside), during a Dividend Period:

(i) no
dividend shall be paid or declared on the Common Stock or any other shares of Junior Stock or Parity Stock (except, in the case of Parity
Stock, on a pro rata basis with the Series D Preferred Stock as described below), other than:

1. any dividend paid on Junior Stock or Parity Stock in the form of stock, warrants, options or other rights where the dividend stock
or the stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants, options or other rights is the same stock as that on which the dividend is being
paid or is other Junior Stock or (solely in the case of Parity Stock) other Parity Stock or

5

2. any dividend in connection with the implementation of a shareholders rights plan, or the issuance of rights, stock or other
property under such plan, or the redemption or repurchase of any rights under such plan and

(ii) no
Common Stock or other Junior Stock or Parity Stock (except, in the case of Parity Stock, on a pro rata basis with the Series D
Preferred Stock as described below) shall be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by the Corporation, directly
or indirectly, other than:

1. as a result of a reclassification of Junior Stock for or into other Junior Stock or a reclassification of Parity Stock for or into
other Parity Stock, as applicable,

2. the exchange, redemption or conversion of one share of Junior Stock for or into another share of Junior Stock or the exchange, redemption
or conversion of one share of Parity Stock for or into another share of Parity Stock, as applicable,

3. purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions of shares of Junior Stock or Parity Stock in connection with (x) any employment
contract, benefit plan or other similar arrangement with or for the benefit of one or more employees, officers, directors, consultants
or independent contractors, (y) a dividend reinvestment or shareholder stock purchase plan, or (z) the satisfaction of the Corporations
obligations pursuant to any contract relating to the foregoing clauses (x) or (y) outstanding at the beginning of the applicable
Dividend Period requiring such purchase, redemption or other acquisition,

4. the purchase of fractional interests in shares of Junior Stock or Parity Stock, as the case may be, pursuant to the conversion or
exchange provisions of such securities or the security being converted or exchanged,

5. through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of Junior Stock or Parity Stock, as applicable, or

6. in the case of Parity Stock, pro rata purchases, offers or other acquisitions for consideration by the Corporation to purchase
all, or a pro rata portion of, the Series D Preferred Stock and such Parity Stock.

6

When dividends are not paid (or declared and a
sum sufficient for payment thereof set aside) in full on any Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of Parity Stock having dividend payment
dates different from the Dividend Payment Dates, on a dividend payment date falling within a Dividend Period) on the Series D Preferred
Stock and any shares of Parity Stock, all dividends declared on the Series D Preferred Stock and all such Parity Stock and payable
on such Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of Parity Stock having dividend payment dates different from the Dividend Payment Dates,
on a dividend payment date falling within the Dividend Period related to such Dividend Payment Date) shall be declared pro rata
so that the respective amounts of such dividends shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued but unpaid dividends per share
on the Series D Preferred Stock and all Parity Stock payable on such Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of Parity Stock having
dividend payment dates different from the Dividend Payment Dates, on a dividend payment date falling within the Dividend Period related
to such Dividend Payment Date) bear to each other. As used in this paragraph, payment of dividends in full means,
as to any Parity Stock that bears dividends on a cumulative basis, the amount of dividends that would need to be declared and paid to
bring such Parity Stock current in dividends, including undeclared dividends for past dividend periods. To the extent a Dividend Period
with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock or any shares of Parity Stock (in either case, the first series)
coincides with more than one dividend period with respect to another series, as applicable (in either case, a second series),
then, for purposes of this paragraph, the Board (or a duly authorized committee of the Board) may, to the extent permitted by the terms
of each affected series, treat such dividend period for the first series as two or more consecutive dividend periods, none of which coincides
with more than one dividend period with respect to the second series, or may treat such dividend period(s) with respect to any Parity
Stock and Dividend Period(s) with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock for purposes of this paragraph in any other manner
that it deems to be fair and equitable in order to achieve ratable payments of dividends on such Parity Stock and the Series D Preferred
Stock.

Subject to the foregoing, dividends (payable in
cash, stock or otherwise, as may be determined by the Board or a duly authorized committee of the Board) may be declared and paid on the
Common Stock or any other shares of Junior Stock from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and the Series D
Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend.

Dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock
will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment if the Corporation fails to comply, or if such act would cause the Corporation to
fail to comply, with applicable laws, rules and regulations.

6. Liquidation
Rights.

(a) Voluntary
or Involuntary Liquidation. Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, holders of
Series D Preferred Stock and any Parity Stock shall be entitled to receive, out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution
to shareholders of the Corporation, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors of the Corporation and any required distributions to
holders of stock, if any, that ranks senior to the Series D Preferred Stock in the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding-up but before any distribution of assets is made to holders of Common Stock and any other Junior Stock, a liquidating distribution
equal to the stated amount of $25,000 per share plus declared but unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends.
Holders of the Series D Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any other amounts from the Corporation after they have received
their full liquidation preference.

7

(b) Partial
Payment. If in any distribution described in Section 6(a) above the assets of the Corporation are not sufficient to pay
the Liquidation Preferences (as defined below) in full to all holders of Series D Preferred Stock and all holders of any Parity Stock,
the amounts paid to the holders of Series D Preferred Stock and to the holders of all such other Parity Stock shall be paid pro
rata in accordance with the respective aggregate Liquidation Preferences of the holders of Series D Preferred Stock and the holders
of all such other Parity Stock. In any such distribution, the Liquidation Preference of any holder of Series D
Preferred Stock or Parity Stock shall mean the amount otherwise payable to such holder in such distribution (assuming no limitation on
the assets of the Corporation available for such distribution), including an amount equal to any declared but unpaid dividends (and any
unpaid, accrued cumulative dividends in the case of any holder of stock on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis, whether or not
declared, as applicable).

(c) Residual
Distributions. If the Liquidation Preference has been paid in full to all holders of Series D Preferred Stock and any Parity
Stock, the holders of Junior Stock of the Corporation shall be entitled to receive all remaining assets of the Corporation according to
their respective rights and preferences.

(d) Merger,
Consolidation and Sale of Assets Not Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 6, the merger or consolidation of the Corporation
with any other entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of Series D Preferred Stock receive cash, securities
or other property for their shares, or the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the assets, for cash, securities or
other property, shall not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation.

7. Redemption.

(a) Optional
Redemption. The Series D Preferred Stock is perpetual and has no maturity date. The Corporation may, at its option, redeem the
shares of Series D Preferred Stock at the time outstanding upon notice given as provided in Section 7(c) below:

(i) in
whole or in part, from time to time, on or after the First Call Date, at a redemption price equal to the stated amount of $25,000 per
share of Series D Preferred Stock, plus (except as provided below) an amount equal to any declared but unpaid dividends and the portion
of the quarterly dividend per share attributable to the then-current Dividend Period that has not been declared and paid to, but excluding,
the Redemption Date,

(ii) in
whole, but not in part, at any time prior to the First Call Date, within 90 days after the occurrence of a Rating Agency Event, at
a redemption price equal to $25,500 per share of Series D Preferred Stock, plus (except as provided below) an amount equal
to any declared but unpaid dividends and the portion of the quarterly dividend per share of Series D Preferred Stock attributable
to the then-current Dividend Period that has not been declared and paid to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, or

8

(iii) in
whole, but not in part, at any time prior to the First Call Date, within 90 days after the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Event,
at a redemption price equal to the stated amount of $25,000 per share of Series D Preferred Stock, plus (except as provided
below) an amount equal to any declared but unpaid dividends and the portion of the quarterly dividend per share of Series D Preferred
Stock attributable to the then-current Dividend Period that has not been declared and paid to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

The redemption price for any shares of Series D
Preferred Stock shall be payable on the Redemption Date to the holder of such shares against surrender of the certificate(s) evidencing
such shares to the Corporation or its agent. Any declared but unpaid dividends payable on a Redemption Date that occurs subsequent to
the Dividend Record Date for a Dividend Period shall not constitute a part of or be paid to the holder entitled to receive the redemption
price on the Redemption Date, but rather shall be paid to the holder of record of the redeemed shares on the Dividend Record Date relating
to such Dividend Payment Date as provided in Section 5 above. Holders of the Series D Preferred Stock will have no right to
require the redemption or repurchase of the Series D Preferred Stock.

There are no restrictions on the Corporations
redemption of the Series D Preferred Stock while there is any arrearage in the payment of dividends or sinking fund installments
(if any).

(b) No
Sinking Fund. The Series D Preferred Stock will not be subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, retirement fund, purchase
fund or other similar provisions.

(c) Notice
of Redemption. Notice of every redemption of shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall be given by first-class mail, postage prepaid,
addressed to the holders of record of the shares to be redeemed, mailed at their respective last addresses appearing on the books of the
Corporation. Such mailing shall be not less than 30 days nor (except as otherwise provided herein) more than 60 days prior to
the date fixed for redemption thereof. Any notice mailed as provided in this Section 7(c) shall be conclusively presumed to
have been duly given, whether or not the holder receives such notice, but failure duly to give such notice by mail, or any defect in such
notice or in the mailing thereof, to any holder of shares of Series D Preferred Stock designated for redemption shall not affect
the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other shares of Series D Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Series D Preferred Stock is held in book-entry form through DTC or any other similar facility, notice of redemption may be
given to the holders of Series D Preferred Stock at such time and in any manner permitted by such facility.

9

Each such notice given to a holder shall state:
(i) the Redemption Date (ii) the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all
the shares of Series D Preferred Stock held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of shares of such Series D Preferred
Stock to be redeemed from such holder (if determinable at the time of such notice) (iii) the redemption price (iv) if
shares of Series D Preferred Stock are evidenced by definitive certificates, the place or places where holders may surrender certificates
evidencing those shares of Series D Preferred Stock for payment of the redemption price (v) that dividends will not accrue
for any period beginning on or after the Redemption Date; and (vi) if such redemption is subject to the satisfaction of one or more
conditions precedent, that such redemption is subject to one or more conditions precedent and that the Redemption Date may be delayed
until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied or waived, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded
in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the Redemption Date (or by the Redemption Date
so delayed), or such notice may be rescinded at any time in the Corporations discretion if in the Corporations good faith
judgment any or all of such conditions will not be satisfied.

(d) Conditional
Redemption. Any redemption of the Series D Preferred Stock may, at the Corporations discretion, be subject to satisfaction
of one or more conditions precedent, including completion or occurrence of any related transaction or event and, in such case, the Redemption
Date may be delayed until such time (including more than 60 days after the date the notice of redemption was provided) as any or all such
conditions shall be satisfied or waived, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all
such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the Redemption Date (or by the Redemption Date so delayed), or such notice
may be rescinded at any time in the Corporations discretion if in the good faith judgment of the Corporation any or all of such
conditions will not be satisfied.

(e) Partial
Redemption. In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares
to be redeemed shall be selected either pro rata or by lot. Subject to the provisions hereof, the Corporation shall have full power
and authority to prescribe the terms and conditions upon which shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall be redeemed from time to
time. If fewer than all the shares represented by any certificate are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed
shares without charge to the holder thereof.

(f) Effectiveness
of Redemption. If notice of redemption has been duly given and if on or before the Redemption Date specified in the notice all funds
necessary for the redemption have been set aside by the Corporation, separate and apart from its other funds, in trust for the pro
rata benefit of the holders of the shares called for redemption, so as to be and continue to be available therefor, then, notwithstanding
that any certificate for any share so called for redemption has not been surrendered for cancellation, on and after the Redemption Date,
(i) dividends shall not accrue on all shares so called for redemption for any period beginning on or after the Redemption Date, (ii) all
shares so called for redemption shall no longer be deemed outstanding and (iii) all rights with respect to such shares shall forthwith
on such Redemption Date cease and terminate, except only the right of the holders thereof to receive the amount payable on such redemption,
without interest. Any funds unclaimed at the end of two years from the Redemption Date, to the extent permitted by law, shall be released
from the trust so established and may be commingled with other funds of the Corporation, and after that time the holders of the shares
so called for redemption shall look only to the Corporation for payment of the redemption price of such shares.

10

8. Voting
Rights.

(a) General.
The holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall not have any voting rights except as expressly set forth below.

(b) Right
to Elect Two Directors on Nonpayment of Dividends. Whenever dividends on any shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall have not
been declared and paid for six or more Dividend Periods, whether or not for consecutive Dividend Periods (a Nonpayment),
the holders of such shares of Series D Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class with holders of any and all other series
of Voting Preferred Stock then outstanding, will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of the Board
(the Preferred Stock Directors), provided that the election of any such directors shall not cause the Corporation
to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) (or any other exchange
on which the securities of the Corporation may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors and provided,
further, that the Board shall at no time include more than two Preferred Stock Directors. In that event, the number of directors on the
Board shall automatically increase by two, and the new directors shall be elected at a special meeting called at the request of the holders
of record of at least 20% of the Series D Preferred Stock or of any other series of Voting Preferred Stock (unless such request is
received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the shareholders, in which event such
election shall be held at such next annual or special meeting of shareholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights
will continue until dividends on the shares of Series D Preferred Stock and any such series of Voting Preferred Stock for at least
four consecutive dividend periods (or the equivalent thereof, in the case of any other series of Voting Preferred Stock) following the
Nonpayment shall have been fully paid.

If and when dividends for at least four consecutive
Dividend Periods (or the equivalent thereof, in the case of any other series of Voting Preferred Stock) following a Nonpayment have been
paid in full, the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock shall be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting
in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and, if such voting rights for all other holders of Voting Preferred Stock have terminated,
the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected shall immediately terminate and the number of directors on the Board shall
automatically decrease by two. In determining whether dividends have been paid for at least four consecutive Dividend Periods (or the
equivalent thereof, in the case of any other series of Voting Preferred Stock) following a Nonpayment, the Corporation may take account
of any dividend the Corporation elects to pay for such a Dividend Period after the regular Dividend Payment Date for that period has passed.
Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares
of Series D Preferred Stock and any other shares of Voting Preferred Stock then outstanding (voting together as a class) when they
have the voting rights described above. So long as a Nonpayment shall continue, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director
(other than prior to the initial election after a Nonpayment) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining
in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding Series D Preferred Stock
and any other shares of Voting Preferred Stock then outstanding (voting together as a class) when they have the voting rights described
above, provided that the filling of any such vacancy shall not cause the Corporation to violate the corporate governance requirement of
the NYSE (or any other exchange on which the securities of the Corporation may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of
independent directors. Any such vote to remove, or to fill a vacancy in the office of, a Preferred Stock Director may be taken only at
a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 20% of the Series D Preferred Stock or of any other
series of Voting Preferred Stock (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or
special meeting of the shareholders, in which event such election shall be held at such next annual or special meeting of shareholders).
The Preferred Stock Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter.

11

(c) Other
Voting Rights. So long as any shares of Series D Preferred Stock are outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent of
shareholders required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds
of all outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class, shall be required to:

(i) Authorization
of Senior Stock. amend the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation to authorize or increase the authorized amount of, or issue
shares of any class or series of the Corporations capital stock ranking senior to the Series D Preferred Stock in the distribution
of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, or issue any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing
the right to purchase any such shares

(ii) Amendment
of Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or Certificate of Designations. amend the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation (including
this Certificate of Designations) or Bylaws so as to adversely affect the voting powers, preferences, privileges or special rights of
the Series D Preferred Stock, provided, however, that any increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Series D Preferred
Stock or authorized Common Stock or Preferred Stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of
other class or series of stock ranking equally or junior to the Series D Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets
upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation shall not be deemed to adversely affect the voting powers, preferences,
privileges or special rights of the Series D Preferred Stock (and, for the avoidance of doubt, will not require any vote of or notice
to holders of the Series D Preferred Stock) or

12

(iii) Share
Exchanges, Reclassifications, Mergers and Consolidations and Other Transactions. consummate (A) a binding share exchange or reclassification
involving the Series D Preferred Stock, (B) a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with another entity (whether or not
a corporation) or (C) a conversion, transfer, domestication or continuance of the Corporation into another entity or an entity organized
under the laws of another jurisdiction, unless, in each case, (x) the shares of Series D Preferred Stock remain outstanding
or are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (y) the
shares of Series D Preferred Stock remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences,
privileges and voting powers, and limitations and restrictions thereof, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the
holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, and restrictions and limitations thereof, of the Series D
Preferred Stock immediately prior to such consummation, taken as a whole.

If an amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange,
reclassification, merger or consolidation, or any conversion, transfer, domestication or continuance described above entitling the holders
of shares of the Series D Preferred Stock to vote as a separate class would materially and adversely affect one or more but not all
series of Voting Preferred Stock, then only the series materially and adversely affected and entitled to vote shall vote to the exclusion
of all other series of Preferred Stock. If all series of Voting Preferred Stock are not equally affected by the proposed amendment, alteration,
repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation, or conversion, transfer, domestication or continuance described above
entitling holders of shares of the Series D Preferred Stock to vote as a separate class, there shall be required a two-thirds approval
of each series of Voting Preferred Stock that will have a diminished status.

Holders of the Series D Preferred Stock will
have any voting rights otherwise required by any mandatory, non-waivable requirements of applicable law, but are hereby deemed to have
waived any voting rights they may otherwise have to the extent not mandatory or otherwise waivable under applicable law.

(d) Changes
for Clarification. To the fullest extent permitted by law, without the consent of the holders of Series D Preferred Stock, so
long as such action does not adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series D Preferred Stock,
the Corporation may supplement any terms of the Series D Preferred Stock:

(i) to
cure any ambiguity, or to cure, correct or supplement any provision contained in this Certificate of Designations that may be defective
or inconsistent or

13

(ii) to
make any provision with respect to matters or questions arising with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock that is not inconsistent
with the provisions of this Certificate of Designations.

(e) Changes
After Provisions for Redemption. No vote or consent of the holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall be required pursuant to
Sections 8(b) and (c) above if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which the vote or consent would otherwise
be required pursuant to Sections 8(b) and (c), all outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed,
or shall have been called for redemption upon proper notice (and any conditions to such redemption have been satisfied or waived by the
Corporation) and sufficient funds shall have been set aside by the Corporation for the benefit of the holders of the Series D Preferred
Stock to effect the redemption, in each case pursuant to Section 7 above, unless in the case of a vote or consent required to authorize
stock ranking senior to the Series D Preferred Stock in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up
of the Corporation, if all outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock are being redeemed with the proceeds from the sale of such
stock to be authorized.

(f) Procedures
for Voting and Consents. The rules and procedures for calling and conducting any meeting of the holders of Series D Preferred
Stock (including, without limitation, the fixing of a record date in connection therewith), the solicitation and use of proxies at such
a meeting, the obtaining of written consents and any other aspect or matter with regard to such a meeting or such consents shall be governed
by any rules the Board (or a duly authorized committee of the Board), in its discretion, may adopt from time to time, which rules and
procedures shall conform to the requirements of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, applicable law and any national securities
exchange or other trading facility on which the Series D Preferred Stock is listed or traded at the time. Whether a plurality, majority
or other portion of the Series D Preferred Stock and any other Voting Preferred Stock, as applicable, has been voted in favor of
any matter shall be determined by the Corporation by reference to the respective stated amounts of the shares of the Series D Preferred
Stock and other Voting Preferred Stock, as applicable, voted or covered by the consent.

9. Record
Holders. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation and the Transfer Agent for the Series D Preferred
Stock may deem and treat the record holder of any share of Series D Preferred Stock as the true and lawful owner thereof for all
purposes, and neither the Corporation nor such Transfer Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

10. Notices.
All notices or communications in respect of Series D Preferred Stock shall be sufficiently given if given in writing and delivered
in person or by first-class mail, postage prepaid, or if given in such other manner as may be permitted in this Certificate of Designations,
in the Certificate of Incorporation, in the Bylaws or by applicable law.

14

11. No
Conversion Rights. The Series D Preferred Stock shall not be convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of Common Stock or
any other class or series of stock or other securities of the Corporation.

12. No
Preemptive Rights. No share of Series D Preferred Stock shall have any rights of preemption whatsoever as to any securities of
the Corporation, or any warrants, rights or options issued or granted with respect thereto, regardless of how such securities, or such
warrants, rights or options, may be designated, issued or granted.

13. Other
Rights. The shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall not have any voting powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional
or other special rights, or qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, other than as set forth herein or in the Certificate
of Incorporation or as provided by applicable law.

14. Certificates.
The Corporation may, at its option, issue shares of Series D Preferred Stock without certificates. As long as DTC or its nominee
is the registered owner of the Series D Preferred Stock, DTC or its nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner
and holder of all shares of Series D Preferred Stock for all purposes under the instruments governing the rights and obligations
of holders of shares of Series D Preferred Stock. If DTC discontinues providing its services as securities depositary with respect
to the shares of Series D Preferred Stock, or if DTC ceases to be registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act, in the
event that a successor securities depositary is not obtained within 90 days, the Corporation will either print and deliver certificates
for the shares of Series D Preferred Stock or provide for the direct registration of the Series D Preferred Stock with the Transfer
Agent. If the Corporation decides to discontinue the use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a successor securities
depositary), certificates for the shares of Series D Preferred Stock will be printed and delivered to DTC or the Corporation will
provide for the direct registration of the Series D Preferred Stock with the Transfer Agent. Except in the limited circumstances
referred to above, owners of beneficial interests in the Series D Preferred Stock:

(a) will
not be entitled to have such Series D Preferred Stock registered in their names

(b) will
not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of securities certificates in exchange for beneficial interests in the Series D
Preferred Stock and

(c) will
not be considered to be owners or holders of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock for any purpose under the instruments governing
the rights and obligations of holders of shares of Series D Preferred Stock.

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2430912d7_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

DEPOSIT AGREEMENT

among

AMERICAN NATIONAL GROUP INC.,

COMPUTERSHARE INC. AND COMPUTERSHARE
TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,

collectively, as Depositary,

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,

as Registrar and Transfer Agent and

The Holders From Time to Time
of the Depositary Receipts Described Herein

Dated as of January 10, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page

ARTICLE I 

DEFINED TERMS 

SECTION 1.1. Definitions 1

ARTICLE II 

Form of Receipts, Deposit
of Preferred Stock, Execution and Delivery, Transfer, Surrender and Redemption of Receipts 

SECTION 2.1. Form and Transfer of Receipts 3

SECTION 2.2. Deposit of Preferred Stock;
Execution and Delivery of Receipts in Respect Thereof 5

SECTION 2.3. Registration of Transfer of Receipts 5

SECTION 2.4. Split-ups and Combinations of
Receipts; Surrender of Receipts and Withdrawal of Preferred Stock 6

SECTION 2.5. Limitations on Execution and
Delivery, Transfer, Surrender and Exchange of Receipts 7

SECTION 2.6. Lost Receipts, etc 7

SECTION 2.7. Cancellation and Destruction
of Surrendered Receipts 8

SECTION 2.8. Redemption of Preferred Stock 8

SECTION 2.9. Receipt of Funds 10

SECTION 2.10. Receipts Issuable in Global
Registered Form 10

SECTION 2.11. Appointment of Depositary 11

ARTICLE III 

Certain Obligations of Holders
of Receipts and the Corporation 

SECTION 3.1. Filing Proofs, Certificates
and Other Information 11

SECTION 3.2. Payment of Taxes or Other Governmental
Charges 12

SECTION 3.3. Warranty as to Preferred Stock;
Opinion 12

SECTION 3.4. Warranty as to Receipts 12

ARTICLE IV 

The Deposited Securities; Notices 

SECTION 4.1. Cash Distributions 12

SECTION 4.2. Distributions Other than Cash,
Rights, Preferences or Privileges 13

SECTION 4.3. Subscription Rights, Preferences
or Privileges 14

SECTION 4.4. Notice of Dividends, etc.;
Fixing Record Date for Holders of Receipts 15

SECTION 4.5. Voting Rights 15

SECTION 4.6. Changes Affecting Deposited
Securities and Reclassifications, Recapitalizations, etc 16

SECTION 4.7. Delivery of Reports 16

SECTION 4.8. Lists of Receipt Holders 16

ARTICLE V 

The Depositary, The Depositarys
Agents, The Registrar and The Corporation 

SECTION 5.1. Maintenance of Offices, Agencies
and Transfer Books by the Depositary; Registrar 17

SECTION 5.2. Prevention of or Delay in Performance
by the Depositary, the Depositarys Agents, the Registrar or the Corporation 17

SECTION 5.3. Obligations of the Depositary,
the Depositarys Agents and the Registrar 18

SECTION 5.4. Resignation and Removal of the
Depositary; Appointment of Successor Depositary 22

SECTION 5.5. Corporate Notices and Reports 23

SECTION 5.6. Indemnification by the Corporation 23

SECTION 5.7. Fees, Charges and Expenses 23

SECTION 5.8. Withholding 24

ARTICLE VI 

Amendment and Termination 

SECTION 6.1. Amendment 24

SECTION 6.2. Termination 25

ARTICLE VII 

Miscellaneous 

SECTION 7.1. Counterparts 25

SECTION 7.2. Exclusive Benefit of Parties 26

SECTION 7.3. Invalidity of Provisions 26

SECTION 7.4. Notices 26

SECTION 7.5. Depositarys Agents 27

SECTION 7.6. [Reserved] 27

SECTION 7.7. Holders of Receipts Are Parties 27

SECTION 7.8. Governing Law 27

SECTION 7.9. Inspection of Agreement 28

SECTION 7.10. Headings 28

SECTION 7.11. Further Assurances 28

SECTION 7.12. Confidentiality 28

THIS DEPOSIT AGREEMENT, dated
as of January 10, 2025, among American National Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), Computershare
Inc., a Delaware corporation (Computershare), and its affiliate, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., a federally chartered
trust company (the Trust Company), jointly as Depositary (as defined below), the Trust Company, as Registrar (as
defined below) and Transfer Agent (as defined below), and the Holders from time to time of the Receipts (as defined below).

WHEREAS, it is desired to provide,
as hereinafter set forth in this Agreement (as defined below), for the deposit of shares of 7.375% Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred
Stock, Series D, $1.00 par value per share, $25,000 liquidation preference per share (the Preferred Stock),
of the Corporation from time to time with the Depositary for the purposes set forth in this Agreement and for the issuance hereunder of
Receipts evidencing Depositary Shares (as defined below) in respect of the Preferred Stock so deposited; and

WHEREAS, the Receipts are to
be substantially in the form of Exhibit A annexed hereto, with appropriate insertions, modifications and omissions, as hereinafter
provided in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINED TERMS

SECTION 1.1. Definitions.

The following definitions shall
for all purposes, unless otherwise indicated, apply to the respective terms used in this Agreement:

Agreement
shall mean this Deposit Agreement, as amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof.

Certificate of Designations
shall mean the relevant Certificate of Designations with respect to the Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware establishing the Preferred Stock as a series of preferred stock of the Corporation.

Certificate
of Incorporation shall mean the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, including any certificates of designations,
and as restated or amended from time to time.

Computershare
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the recitals.

Corporation
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the recitals.

Depositary
shall mean Computershare and the Trust Company, acting jointly, and any successor as Depositary hereunder.

Depositary Shares
shall mean the depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in one share of the Preferred Stock, evidenced by
a Receipt.

Depositarys
Agent shall mean an agent appointed by the Depositary pursuant to Section 7.5.

Depositarys
Office shall mean the principal office of the Depositary designated for the purposes contemplated in this Agreement, which
is currently located at 150 Royall Street, Canton, MA 02021.

DTC shall
mean The Depository Trust Company.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exchange Event
shall mean with respect to any Global Registered Receipt:

(1) (A) the Global Receipt
Depository which is the Holder of such Global Registered Receipt or Receipts notifies the Corporation that it is no longer willing or
able to properly discharge its responsibilities under any Letter of Representations or that it is no longer eligible or in good standing
under the Exchange Act, and (B) the Corporation has not appointed a qualified successor Global Receipt Depository within 90 calendar
days after the Corporation received such notice, or

(2) the Corporation in its sole
discretion notifies the Depositary in writing that the Receipts or portion thereof issued or issuable in the form of one or more Global
Registered Receipts shall no longer be represented by such Global Registered Receipt or Receipts.

Funds shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2.9.

Global Receipt Depository
shall mean, with respect to any Receipt issued hereunder, DTC or such other entity designated as Global Receipt Depository by the Corporation
in or pursuant to this Agreement, which entity must be, to the extent required by any applicable law or regulation, a clearing agency
registered under the Exchange Act.

Global Registered
Receipt shall mean a global registered Receipt, in definitive or book-entry form, registered in the name of a nominee of DTC.

Letter of Representations
shall mean any applicable agreement among the Corporation, the Depositary and a Global Receipt Depository with respect to such Global
Receipt Depositorys rights and obligations with respect to any Global Registered Receipts, as the same may be amended, supplemented,
restated or otherwise modified from time to time and any successor agreement thereto.

Moodys
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.9.

2

Person
shall mean any individual, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, firm, corporation, unincorporated association or organization,
trust or other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of any such Person.

Preferred Stock
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the recitals.

Receipt
shall mean one of the depositary receipts issued hereunder, substantially in the form set forth as Exhibit A hereto, whether
in definitive or temporary form, and evidencing the number of Depositary Shares with respect to the Preferred Stock held of record by
the Record Holder of such Depositary Shares.

Record Holder
or Holder as applied to a Receipt shall mean the Person in whose name such Receipt is registered on the books of
the Depositary maintained for such purpose.

Redemption Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.8.

Redemption Price
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.8.

Registrar
shall mean the Trust Company or such other successor bank or trust company which shall be appointed by the Corporation to register ownership
and transfers of Receipts as herein provided; and if a successor Registrar shall be so appointed, references herein to the books
of or maintained by the Trust Company shall be deemed, as applicable, to refer as well to the register maintained by such Registrar for
such purpose.

S&P
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.9.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Signature Guarantee
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.

Transfer Agent
shall mean the Trust Company or such other successor bank or trust company which shall be appointed by the Corporation to transfer the
Receipts or the deposited Preferred Stock, as the case may be, as herein provided.

Trust Company
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the recitals.

ARTICLE II

Form of Receipts, Deposit of Preferred
Stock, Execution and Delivery, Transfer, Surrender and Redemption of Receipts

SECTION 2.1. Form and
Transfer of Receipts.

The definitive Receipts shall
be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A annexed to this Agreement, with appropriate insertions, modifications
and omissions, as hereinafter provided (but which do not affect the rights, duties, liabilities or responsibilities of the Depositary).
Pending the preparation of definitive Receipts, the Depositary, upon the written order of the Corporation, delivered in compliance with
Section 2.2, shall execute and deliver temporary Receipts which may be printed, lithographed, typewritten or otherwise substantially
of the tenor of the definitive Receipts in lieu of which they are issued and with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions
and other variations as the Persons executing such Receipts may determine, as evidenced by their execution of such Receipts. If temporary
Receipts are issued, the Corporation and the Depositary will cause definitive Receipts to be prepared without unreasonable delay. After
the preparation of definitive Receipts, the temporary Receipts shall be exchangeable for definitive Receipts upon surrender of the temporary
Receipts at the Depositarys Office, without charge to the Holder. Upon surrender for cancellation of any one or more temporary
Receipts, the Depositary shall execute and deliver in exchange therefor definitive Receipts representing the same number of Depositary
Shares as represented by the surrendered temporary Receipt or Receipts. Such exchange shall be made at the Corporations expense
and without any charge therefor. Until so exchanged, the temporary Receipts shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under
this Agreement as definitive Receipts.

3

Receipts shall be executed by
the Depositary by the manual, facsimile or electronic signature of a duly authorized officer of the Depositary. No Receipt shall be entitled
to any benefits under this Agreement or be valid or obligatory for any purpose unless it shall have been executed manually or by facsimile
or electronic signature by a duly authorized officer of the Depositary or, if a Registrar for the Receipts (other than the Depositary)
shall have been appointed, by manual, facsimile or electronic signature of a duly authorized officer of the Depositary and countersigned
by manual, facsimile or electronic signature by a duly authorized officer of such Registrar. The Depositary shall record on its books
each Receipt so signed and delivered as hereinafter provided. Receipts bearing the manual, facsimile or electronic signature of a duly
authorized signatory of the Depositary who was at such time a proper signatory of the Depositary shall bind the Depositary, notwithstanding
that such signatory ceased to hold such office prior to the execution and delivery of such Receipts by the Registrar or did not hold such
office on the date of issuance of such Receipts.

Receipts shall be in denominations
of any number of whole Depositary Shares. All Receipts shall be dated the date of their issuance.

Receipts may be endorsed with
or have incorporated in the text thereof such legends, recitals or changes not inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement (but
which do not affect the rights, duties, liabilities or responsibilities of the Depositary), all as may be required by the Depositary and
approved by the Corporation or required to comply with any applicable law or any regulation thereunder or with the rules and regulations
of any securities exchange upon which the Preferred Stock, the Depositary Shares or the Receipts may be listed or to conform with any
usage with respect thereto, or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to which any particular Receipts are subject.

Title to Depositary Shares evidenced
by a Receipt which is properly endorsed or accompanied by a properly executed instrument of transfer shall be transferable by delivery
with the same effect as in the case of a negotiable instrument in accordance with the Depositarys procedures; provided,
however, that until transfer of any particular Receipt shall be registered on the books of the Depositary as provided in Section 2.3,
the Depositary may, notwithstanding any notice to the contrary, treat the Record Holder thereof at such time as the absolute owner thereof
for the purpose of determining the Person entitled to distributions of dividends or other distributions or to any notice provided for
in this Agreement and for all other purposes.

4

SECTION 2.2. Deposit
of Preferred Stock; Execution and Delivery of Receipts in Respect Thereof.

Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, the Corporation may from time to time deposit shares of Preferred Stock under this Agreement by delivering to the Depositary,
including via electronic book-entry, such shares of Preferred Stock to be deposited, properly endorsed or accompanied, if required by
the Depositary, by a duly executed instrument of transfer or endorsement, in form satisfactory to the Depositary, together with (i) all
such certifications as may be required by the Depositary in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and (ii) a written order
of the Corporation directing the Depositary to execute and deliver to, or upon the written order of, the Person or Persons stated in such
order a Receipt or Receipts evidencing in the aggregate the number of Depositary Shares representing such deposited Preferred Stock. The
Preferred Stock that is deposited shall be held by the Depositary at the Depositarys Office. As Transfer Agent, the Trust Company
will reflect changes in the number of shares of deposited Preferred Stock held by it by notation, book-entry or other appropriate method.
The Depositary shall not lend any Preferred Stock deposited hereunder.

Upon receipt by the Depositary
of Preferred Stock deposited in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.2, together with the other documents required
as above specified, and upon recordation of the Preferred Stock on the books of the Corporation (or its duly appointed transfer agent)
in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, the Depositary, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, shall execute and
deliver to or upon the order of the Person or Persons named in the written order delivered to the Depositary referred to in the first
paragraph of this Section 2.2, a Receipt or Receipts evidencing in the aggregate the number of Depositary Shares representing
the Preferred Stock so deposited and registered in such name or names as may be requested by such Person or Persons. The Depositary shall
execute and deliver such Receipt or Receipts at the Depositarys Office.

SECTION 2.3. Registration
of Transfer of Receipts.

The Corporation hereby appoints
the Trust Company as the Registrar, Transfer Agent and redemption agent and Computershare as the disbursing agent in respect of the Receipts
and the Trust Company and Computershare hereby accept such appointment, subject to the express terms and conditions of this Agreement
and no implied duties or obligations shall be read into this Agreement against the Trust Company or Computershare. Subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, the Transfer Agent shall register on its books from time to time transfers of Receipts upon any surrender
thereof by the Holder or by such Holders duly authorized attorney, properly endorsed or accompanied by a properly executed instrument
of transfer which shall be affixed with the signature guarantee of a guarantor institution which is a participant in a signature guarantee
program approved by the Securities Transfer Association (a Signature Guarantee), and any other reasonable evidence
of authority that may be required by the Transfer Agent, together with evidence of the payment by the applicable party of any transfer
taxes or similar charges as may be required to be paid under applicable law. Thereupon, the Depositary shall execute a new Receipt or
Receipts evidencing the same aggregate number of Depositary Shares as those evidenced by the Receipt or Receipts surrendered and deliver
such new Receipt or Receipts to or upon the order of the Person entitled thereto. With respect to the appointments of the Trust Company
as Registrar and Transfer Agent and Computershare as disbursing agent in respect of the Receipts, the Trust Company and Computershare,
in its respective capacities under such appointments, shall be entitled to the same rights, indemnities, immunities and benefits as the
Depositary hereunder as if explicitly named in each such provisions.

5

The Depositary shall not be
required (a) to issue, transfer or exchange any Receipts for a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days prior to any selection
of Depositary Shares and Preferred Stock to be redeemed and ending at the close of business on the day of the mailing of notice of redemption,
or (b) to transfer or exchange for another Receipt any Receipt called or being called for redemption in whole or in part except as
provided in Section 2.8.

SECTION 2.4. Split-ups
and Combinations of Receipts; Surrender of Receipts and Withdrawal of Preferred Stock.

Upon surrender of a Receipt
or Receipts at the Depositarys Office for the purpose of effecting a split-up or combination of such Receipt or Receipts, and subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Depositary shall execute a new Receipt or Receipts in the authorized denomination or
denominations requested, evidencing the aggregate number of Depositary Shares evidenced by the Receipt or Receipts surrendered, and shall
deliver such new Receipt or Receipts to or upon the order of the Holder of the Receipt or Receipts so surrendered.

Any Holder of a Receipt or Receipts
may withdraw the number of whole shares of Preferred Stock and all money and other property, if any, represented thereby by surrendering
such Receipt or Receipts at the Depositarys Office. Thereafter, as soon as practicable, the Depositary shall deliver to such Holder,
or to the Person or Persons designated by such Holder as hereinafter provided, the number of whole shares of Preferred Stock and all money
and other property, if any, represented by the Receipt or Receipts so surrendered for withdrawal, but Holders of such whole shares of
Preferred Stock will not thereafter be entitled to deposit such Preferred Stock hereunder or to receive a Receipt evidencing Depositary
Shares therefor. If a Receipt delivered by the Holder to the Depositary in connection with such withdrawal shall evidence a number of
Depositary Shares in excess of the number of Depositary Shares representing the number of whole shares of Preferred Stock, the Depositary
shall at the same time, in addition to such number of whole shares of Preferred Stock and such money and other property, if any, to be
so withdrawn, deliver to such Holder, or subject to Section 2.3 upon his order, a new Receipt evidencing such excess number
of Depositary Shares.

In no event will fractional
shares of Preferred Stock (or any cash payment in lieu thereof) be delivered by the Depositary. Delivery of the Preferred Stock and money
and other property, if any, being withdrawn may be made by the delivery of such certificates, documents of title and other instruments
as the Depositary may deem appropriate, which, if required by the Depositary, shall be properly endorsed or accompanied by proper instruments
of transfer including, but not limited to, a Signature Guarantee.

6

If the Preferred Stock and the
money and other property, if any, being withdrawn are to be delivered to a Person or Persons other than the Record Holder of the related
Receipt or Receipts being surrendered for withdrawal of such Preferred Stock, such Holder shall execute and deliver to the Depositary
a written order so directing the Depositary and the Depositary may require that the Receipt or Receipts surrendered by such Holder for
withdrawal of such shares of Preferred Stock be properly endorsed in blank or accompanied by a properly executed instrument of transfer
in blank.

Delivery of the Preferred Stock
and the money and other property, if any, represented by Receipts surrendered for withdrawal shall be made by the Depositary at the Depositarys
Office, except that, at the request, risk and expense of the Holder surrendering such Receipt or Receipts and for the account of the Holder
thereof, such delivery may be made at such other place as may be designated by such Holder.

SECTION 2.5. Limitations
on Execution and Delivery, Transfer, Surrender and Exchange of Receipts.

As a condition precedent to
the execution and delivery, registration and registration of transfer, split-up, combination, surrender or exchange of any Receipt, the
Depositary, any of the Depositarys Agents or the Corporation may require payment to it of a sum sufficient for the payment (or,
in the event that the Depositary or the Corporation shall have made such payment, the reimbursement to it) of any charges or expenses
payable by the Holder of a Receipt pursuant to Section 5.7, may require the production of evidence satisfactory to it as to
the identity and genuineness of any signature, including a Signature Guarantee, and any other reasonable evidence of authority that may
be required by the Depositary, and may also require compliance with such regulations, if any, as the Depositary or the Corporation may
establish consistent with the provisions of this Agreement and/or applicable law.

The deposit of the Preferred
Stock may be refused, the delivery of Receipts against Preferred Stock may be suspended, the registration of transfer of Receipts may
be refused and the registration of transfer, surrender or exchange of outstanding Receipts may be suspended (i) during any period
when the register of stockholders of the Corporation is closed or (ii) if any such action is deemed necessary or advisable by the
Depositary, any of the Depositarys Agents or the Corporation at any time or from time to time because of any requirement of law
or of any government or governmental body or commission or under any provision of this Agreement.

SECTION 2.6. Lost
Receipts, etc.

In case any Receipt shall be
mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen, the Depositary in its discretion may execute and deliver a Receipt of like form and tenor in exchange
and substitution for such mutilated Receipt upon cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and in substitution for such destroyed, lost or stolen
Receipt, upon (i) the filing by the Holder thereof with the Depositary of evidence satisfactory to the Depositary of such destruction
or loss or theft of such Receipt, of the authenticity thereof and of such Holders ownership thereof, (ii) the Holder thereof
furnishing the Depositary with an affidavit and an indemnity or bond satisfactory to the Depositary, and (iii) the payment of any
reasonable expense in connection with such execution and delivery. Applicants for such substitute Receipts shall also comply with such
other regulations and pay such other reasonable charges as the Depositary may prescribe and as required by Section 8-405 of the Uniform
Commercial Code.

7

SECTION 2.7. Cancellation
and Destruction of Surrendered Receipts.

All Receipts surrendered to
the Depositary or any Depositarys Agent shall be cancelled by the Depositary. Except as prohibited by applicable law or regulation,
the Depositary is authorized and directed to destroy all Receipts so cancelled.

SECTION 2.8. Redemption
of Preferred Stock.

Whenever the Corporation shall
be permitted and shall elect to redeem shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations, it shall
give or cause to be given to the Depositary, not less than 35 days (or such shorter notice period as the Depositary may agree) and (except
as otherwise provided herein) not more than 90 days prior to the Redemption Date (as defined below), notice of the date of such proposed
redemption of Preferred Stock and of the number of such shares held by the Depositary to be so redeemed and the applicable redemption
price (the Redemption Price) as set forth in the Certificate of Designations, and the place or places where the certificates
evidencing such shares, if any, are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price, and whether such redemption is subject to the
satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, which notice shall be accompanied by a certificate from the Corporation stating that
such redemption of Preferred Stock is in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Designations. On the Redemption Date, provided,
that the Corporation shall then have paid or caused to be paid in full to Computershare the Redemption Price of the Preferred Stock to
be redeemed, plus an amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends (without accumulation of any undeclared dividends) thereon to (but
excluding) the Redemption Date, in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Designations, the Depositary shall redeem the
number of Depositary Shares representing such Preferred Stock. The Depositary shall mail notice of the Corporations redemption
of Preferred Stock and the proposed simultaneous redemption of the number of Depositary Shares representing the Preferred Stock to be
redeemed by first-class mail, postage prepaid (or another reasonably acceptable transmission method), not less than 30 days and (except
as otherwise provided herein) not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption of such Preferred Stock and Depositary Shares
(the Redemption Date) (provided, that, the Depositary receives notice from the Corporation sufficiently in
advance of the Redemption Date) to the Record Holders of the Receipts evidencing the Depositary Shares to be so redeemed at their respective
last addresses as they appear on the records of the Depositary; but neither failure to mail or transmit any such notice of redemption
of Depositary Shares to one or more such Holders nor any defect in any notice of redemption of Depositary Shares to one or more such Holders
shall affect the sufficiency of the proceedings for redemption as to the other Holders. Each such notice shall be prepared by the Corporation
and shall state: (i) the Redemption Date; (ii) the number of Depositary Shares to be redeemed and, if less than all the Depositary
Shares held by any such Holder are to be redeemed, the number of such Depositary Shares held by such Holder to be so redeemed; (iii) the
Redemption Price or the manner of its calculation; (iv) the place or places where Receipts evidencing such Depositary Shares are
to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price; (v) that dividends in respect of the Preferred Stock represented by such Depositary
Shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such Redemption Date; and (vi) if such redemption is subject to the satisfaction of
one or more conditions precedent, that such redemption is subject to one or more conditions precedent and that the Redemption Date may
be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied or waived, or such redemption may not occur and such notice
may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the Redemption Date (or by the
Redemption Date so delayed), or such notice may be rescinded at any time in the Corporations discretion if in the Corporations
good faith judgment any or all of such conditions will not be satisfied. In case less than all the outstanding Depositary Shares are to
be redeemed, the Depositary Shares to be so redeemed shall be selected either pro rata, by lot or by such other method in accordance
with the procedures of DTC.

8

Subject to the provisions of
the Certificate of Designations, the redemption of the Preferred Stock and the simultaneous redemption of the number of Depositary Shares
representing the Preferred Stock may, at the Corporations discretion, be subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent,
including completion or occurrence of any related transaction or event and, in such case, the Redemption Date may be delayed until such
time (including more than 90 days after the date the notice of redemption was provided to the Depositary or 60 days after the date the
notice of redemption was provided to the Record Holders of the Receipts evidencing the Depositary Shares to be so redeemed) as any or
all such conditions shall be satisfied or waived, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that
any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the Redemption Date (or by the Redemption Date so delayed), or such
notice may be rescinded at any time in the Corporations discretion if in the Corporations good faith judgment any or all
of such conditions will not be satisfied.

Notice having been mailed or
transmitted by the Depositary as aforesaid, from and after the Redemption Date (unless the Corporation shall have failed to provide the
funds necessary to redeem the Preferred Stock evidenced by the Depositary Shares called for redemption), (i) dividends on the shares
of Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall cease to accrue from and after such date, (ii) the Depositary Shares being redeemed
from such proceeds shall be deemed no longer to be outstanding, (iii) all rights of the Holders of Receipts evidencing such Depositary
Shares (except the right to receive the Redemption Price) shall, to the extent of such Depositary Shares, cease and terminate, and (iv) upon
surrender in accordance with such redemption notice of the Receipts evidencing any such Depositary Shares called for redemption (properly
endorsed or assigned for transfer, if the Depositary or applicable law shall so require), such Depositary Shares shall be redeemed by
the Depositary at a Redemption Price per Depositary Share equal to 1/1,000th of the Redemption Price per share of Preferred Stock so redeemed
plus all money and other property, if any, represented by such Depositary Shares, including all amounts paid by the Corporation in respect
of dividends in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Designations.

If fewer than all of the Depositary
Shares evidenced by a Receipt are called for redemption, the Depositary will deliver to the Holder of such Receipt upon its surrender
to the Depositary, together with the redemption payment, a new Receipt evidencing the Depositary Shares evidenced by such prior Receipt
and not called for redemption.

9

SECTION 2.9. Receipt
of Funds.

All funds received by Computershare
under this Agreement that are to be distributed or applied by Computershare in the performance of the services hereunder (the Funds)
shall be held by Computershare as agent for the Corporation and deposited in one or more bank accounts to be maintained by Computershare
in its name as agent for the Corporation. Until paid pursuant to this Agreement, Computershare may hold or invest the Funds through such
accounts in: (i) funds backed by obligations of, or guaranteed by, the United States of America; (ii) debt or commercial paper
obligations rated A-1 or P-1 or better by S&P Global Inc. (S&P) or Moodys Investors Service, Inc.
(Moodys), respectively; (iii) Government and Treasury backed AAA-rated Fixed NAV money market funds that
comply with Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; or (iv) short term certificates of deposit, bank repurchase
agreements, and bank accounts with commercial banks with Tier 1 capital exceeding $1 billion, or with an investment grade rating by S&P
(LT Local Issuer Credit Rating), Moodys (Long Term Rating) and Fitch Ratings, Inc. (LT Issuer Default Rating) (each as reported
by Bloomberg Finance L.P.). Computershare shall have no responsibility or liability for any diminution of the Funds that may result from
any deposit or investment made by Computershare in accordance with this paragraph, including any losses resulting from a default by any
bank, financial institution or other third party. Computershare may from time to time receive interest, dividends or other earnings in
connection with such deposits or investments. Computershare shall not be obligated to pay such interest, dividends or earnings to the
Corporation, any Holder or any other Person.

SECTION 2.10. Receipts
Issuable in Global Registered Form.

If the Corporation shall determine
in a writing delivered to the Depositary that the Receipts are to be issued in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Registered
Receipts, then the Depositary shall, in accordance with the other provisions of this Agreement, execute and deliver one or more Global
Registered Receipts evidencing such Receipts, which (i) shall represent, and shall be denominated in the aggregate number of Depositary
Shares to be represented by such Global Registered Receipt or Receipts, and (ii) shall be registered in the name of the Global Receipt
Depository therefor or its nominee.

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement to the contrary, unless otherwise provided in the Global Registered Receipt, a Global Registered Receipt may only be
transferred in whole and only by the applicable Global Receipt Depository for such Global Registered Receipt to a nominee of such Global
Receipt Depository, or by a nominee of such Global Receipt Depository to such Global Receipt Depository or another nominee of such Global
Receipt Depository, or by such Global Receipt Depository or any such nominee to a successor Global Receipt Depository for such Global
Registered Receipt selected or approved by the Corporation or to a nominee of such successor Global Receipt Depository. Except as provided
herein, owners solely of beneficial interests in a Global Registered Receipt shall not be entitled to receive physical delivery of the
Receipts represented by such Global Registered Receipt. Neither any such beneficial owner nor any direct or indirect participant of a
Global Receipt Depository shall have any rights or obligations under this Agreement with respect to any Global Registered Receipt held
on their behalf by a Global Receipt Depository, and such Global Receipt Depository may be treated by the Corporation, the Depositary and
any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or the Depositary as the holder of such Global Registered Receipt for all
purposes whatsoever. Unless and until definitive Receipts are delivered to the owners of the beneficial interests in a Global Registered
Receipt, (1) the applicable Global Receipt Depository will make book-entry transfers among its participants and receive and transmit
all payments and distributions in respect of the Global Registered Receipts to such participants, in each case, in accordance with its
applicable procedures and arrangements, and (2) whenever any notice, payment or other communication to the holders of Global Registered
Receipts is required under this Agreement, the Corporation and the Depositary shall give all such notices, payments and communications
specified herein to be given to such holders to the applicable Global Receipt Depository.

10

If an Exchange Event has occurred
with respect to any Global Registered Receipt, then, in any such event, the Depositary, upon receipt of a written order from the Corporation
for the execution and delivery of individual definitive registered Receipts in exchange for such Global Registered Receipt, shall execute
and deliver individual definitive registered Receipts, in authorized denominations and of like tenor and terms in an aggregate number
equal to the beneficial interests represented by such Global Registered Receipt in exchange for such Global Registered Receipt.

Definitive registered Receipts
issued in exchange for a Global Registered Receipt pursuant to this Section 2.10 shall be registered in such names and in
such authorized denominations as the Global Receipt Depository for such Global Registered Receipt, pursuant to instructions from its participants,
shall instruct the Depositary in writing. The Depositary shall deliver such Receipts to the Persons in whose names such Receipts are so
registered.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Agreement, should the Corporation determine that the Receipts should be issued as a Global Registered Receipt, the
parties hereto shall comply with the terms of any Letter of Representations.

SECTION 2.11. Appointment
of Depositary.

The Corporation hereby appoints
the Depositary as depositary for the Preferred Stock, and the Depositary hereby accepts such appointment, on the express terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement, and no implied duties or obligations shall be read into this Agreement against the Depositary.

ARTICLE III

Certain Obligations of Holders of Receipts and
the Corporation

SECTION 3.1. Filing
Proofs, Certificates and Other Information.

Any Holder of a Receipt may
be required from time to time to file such proof of residence, or other matters or other information, to execute such certificates and
to make such representations and warranties as the Depositary or the Corporation may reasonably deem necessary or proper. The Depositary
or the Corporation may withhold the delivery, or delay the registration of transfer or redemption, of any Receipt or the withdrawal of
the Preferred Stock represented by the Depositary Shares and evidenced by a Receipt or the distribution of any dividend or other distribution
or the sale of any rights or of the proceeds thereof until such proof or other information is filed or such certificates are executed
or such representations and warranties are made.

11

SECTION 3.2. Payment
of Taxes or Other Governmental Charges.

Holders of Receipts shall be
obligated to make payments to the Depositary of certain taxes, charges and expenses, as provided in Section 5.7, or provide
evidence satisfactory to the Depositary that such taxes, charges and expenses have been paid. Registration of transfer of any Receipt
or any withdrawal of Preferred Stock and all money or other property, if any, represented by the Depositary Shares evidenced by such Receipt
may be refused until any such payment due is made, and any dividends, interest payments or other distributions may be withheld or any
part of or all the Preferred Stock or other property represented by the Depositary Shares evidenced by such Receipt and not theretofore
sold may be sold for the account of the Holder thereof (after attempting to notify such Holder in accordance with Section 7.4
prior to such sale), and such dividends, interest payments or other distributions or the proceeds of any such sale may be applied to any
payment of such charges or expenses, the Holder of such Receipt remaining liable for any deficiency.

SECTION 3.3. Warranty
as to Preferred Stock; Opinion

The Corporation hereby represents
and warrants that the Preferred Stock, when issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Such representation
and warranty shall survive the deposit of the Preferred Stock and the issuance of the related Receipts. The Depositary shall be permitted
to rely on applicable opinions of counsel delivered to the underwriters pursuant to Section 7(b) of the underwriting agreement
dated January 7, 2025 among the Corporation and the representatives of the underwriters named therein relating to the sale of the
Depositary Shares to the public.

SECTION 3.4. Warranty
as to Receipts.

The Corporation hereby represents
and warrants that the Receipts, when issued, will represent legal and valid interests in the Preferred Stock. Such representation and
warranty shall survive the deposit of the Preferred Stock and the issuance of the Receipts.

ARTICLE IV

The Deposited Securities; Notices

SECTION 4.1. Cash
Distributions.

Whenever the Depositary shall
receive any cash dividend or other cash distribution on the Preferred Stock, the Depositary shall, at the written direction of the Corporation,
subject to Sections 3.1 and 3.2, distribute to Record Holders of Receipts on the record date fixed pursuant to Section 4.4
such amounts of such dividend or distribution as are, as nearly as practicable, in proportion to the respective numbers of Depositary
Shares evidenced by the Receipts held by such Holders; provided, however, that in case the Corporation or the Depositary
shall be required to withhold and shall withhold from any cash dividend or other cash distribution in respect of the Preferred Stock an
amount on account of taxes, the amount made available for distribution or distributed in respect of Depositary Shares shall be reduced
accordingly. The Depositary shall distribute or make available for distribution, as the case may be, only such amount, however, as can
be distributed without attributing to any Holder of Receipts a fraction of one cent. Any such fractional amounts shall be rounded down
to the nearest whole cent and so distributed to registered Holders entitled thereto and any balance not so distributable shall be held
by the Depositary (without liability for interest thereon) and shall be added to and be treated as part of the next succeeding distribution
to Record Holders of such Receipts. Each Holder of a Receipt shall provide the Depositary with a properly completed Form W-8 or W-9
(which form shall set forth the Holders certified tax identification number if requested on such form), as may be applicable. Each
Holder of a Receipt acknowledges that, in the event of non-compliance with the preceding sentence, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, may require withholding by the Depositary of a portion of any of the distributions to be made hereunder.

12

SECTION 4.2. Distributions
Other than Cash, Rights, Preferences or Privileges.

Whenever the Depositary shall
receive any distribution other than cash, rights, preferences or privileges upon the Preferred Stock, the Depositary shall, at the written
direction of the Corporation, subject to Sections 3.1 and 3.2, distribute to Record Holders of Receipts on the record date
fixed pursuant to Section 4.4 such amounts of the securities or property received by it as are, as nearly as practicable,
in proportion to the respective numbers of Depositary Shares evidenced by such Receipts held by such Holders, in any manner that the Corporation
(in consultation with the Depositary) may deem equitable and practicable for accomplishing such distribution. If in the opinion of the
Corporation (in consultation with the Depositary) such distribution cannot be made proportionately among such Record Holders, or if for
any other reason (including any requirement that the Corporation or the Depositary withhold an amount on account of taxes) the Corporation
deems, after consultation with the Depositary, such distribution not to be feasible, the Corporation may adopt (and will notify the Depositary
of its adoption of) such method as it deems equitable and practicable for the purpose of effecting such distribution, including the sale
(at public or private sale) of the securities or property thus received, or any part thereof, in a commercially reasonable manner. The
net proceeds of any such sale shall, subject to Sections 3.1 and 3.2, be distributed or made available for distribution,
as the case may be, by Computershare to Record Holders of Receipts as provided by Section 4.1 in the case of a distribution
received in cash. The Corporation shall not make any distribution of such securities or property to the Depositary and the Depositary
shall not make any distribution of such securities or property to the Holders of Receipts unless the Corporation shall have provided an
opinion of counsel stating that such securities or property have been registered under the Securities Act or do not need to be registered
in connection with such distributions. For the avoidance of doubt, the Corporation shall calculate and transmit to the Depositary, and
the Depositary shall have no obligation under this Agreement to calculate the amounts of cashless distributions. The Corporation may consult
with the Depositary, provided, however, that any determination as to such distributions will be the responsibility of the
Corporation, and the Depositary shall have no duty or obligation to investigate or confirm whether the Corporations determination
is accurate or correct.

13

SECTION 4.3. Subscription
Rights, Preferences or Privileges.

If the Corporation shall at
any time offer or cause to be offered to the Persons in whose names the Preferred Stock is recorded on the books of the Corporation any
rights, preferences or privileges to subscribe for or to purchase any securities or any rights, preferences or privileges of any other
nature, such rights, preferences or privileges shall in each such instance be made available by the Depositary to the Record Holders of
Receipts in such manner as the Corporation shall instruct the Depositary in writing, either by the issue to such Record Holders of warrants
representing such rights, preferences or privileges or by such other method as may be approved by the Corporation in its discretion with
written notice to the Depositary; provided, however, that (i) if at the time of issue or offer of any such rights,
preferences or privileges the Corporation determines upon advice of its legal counsel that it is not lawful or feasible to make such rights,
preferences or privileges available to the Holders of Receipts (by the issue of warrants or otherwise), or (ii) if and to the extent
so instructed by Holders of Receipts who do not desire to exercise such rights, preferences or privileges, then the Corporation, in its
discretion (with written notice to the Depositary), in any case where the Corporation has determined that it is not feasible to make such
rights, preferences or privileges available, may, if applicable laws or the terms of such rights, preferences or privileges permit such
transfer, sell such rights, preferences or privileges at public or private sale, at such place or places and upon such terms as it may
deem proper. The net proceeds of any such sale shall, subject to Sections 3.1 and 3.2, be distributed by the Depositary
to the Record Holders of Receipts entitled thereto as provided by Section 4.1 in the case of a distribution received in cash.
The Depositary shall not make any distribution of such rights, preferences or privileges, unless the Corporation shall have provided to
the Depositary an opinion of counsel stating that such rights, preferences or privileges have been registered under the Securities Act
or do not need to be so registered.

The Corporation shall notify
the Depositary whether registration under the Securities Act of the securities to which any rights, preferences or privileges relate is
required in order for Holders of Receipts to be offered or sold the securities to which such rights, preferences or privileges relate,
and the Corporation agrees with the Depositary that it will file promptly a registration statement pursuant to the Securities Act with
respect to such rights, preferences or privileges and securities and use its best efforts and take all steps available to it to cause
such registration statement to become effective sufficiently in advance of the expiration of such rights, preferences or privileges to
enable such Holders to exercise such rights, preferences or privileges. In no event shall the Depositary make available to the Holders
of Receipts any right, preference or privilege to subscribe for or to purchase any securities unless and until such registration statement
shall have become effective, or the Corporation shall have provided to the Depositary an opinion of counsel to the effect that the offering
and sale of such securities to the Holders are exempt from registration under the provisions of the Securities Act.

The Corporation shall notify
the Depositary whether any other action under the laws of any jurisdiction or any governmental or administrative authorization, consent
or permit is required in order for such rights, preferences or privileges to be made available to Holders of Receipts, and the Corporation
agrees with the Depositary that the Corporation will use its reasonable best efforts to take such action or obtain such authorization,
consent or permit sufficiently in advance of the expiration of such rights, preferences or privileges to enable such Holders to exercise
such rights, preferences or privileges.

14

The Depositary will not be deemed
to have any knowledge of any item for which it is supposed to receive notification under any Section of this Agreement unless and
until it has received such notification in writing.

SECTION 4.4. Notice
of Dividends, etc.; Fixing Record Date for Holders of Receipts.

Whenever any cash dividend or
other cash distribution shall become payable or any distribution other than cash shall be made, or if rights, preferences or privileges
shall at any time be offered, with respect to the Preferred Stock, or whenever the Depositary shall receive notice of any meeting at which
holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to vote or of which holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to notice, or whenever the
Depositary and the Corporation shall decide it is appropriate, the Depositary shall in each such instance fix a record date (which shall
be the same date as the record date fixed by the Corporation with respect to or otherwise in accordance with the terms of the Preferred
Stock) for the determination of the Holders of Receipts who shall be entitled to receive such dividend, distribution, rights, preferences
or privileges or the net proceeds of the sale thereof, or to give instructions for the exercise of voting rights at any such meeting,
or who shall be entitled to notice of such meeting or for any other appropriate reasons.

SECTION 4.5. Voting
Rights.

Subject to the provisions of
the Certificate of Designations, upon receipt of notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to vote,
the Depositary shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, mail (or otherwise transmit by an authorized method) to the Record Holders of
Receipts a notice prepared by the Corporation which shall contain (i) such information as is contained in such notice of meeting
and (ii) a statement that the Holders may, subject to any applicable restrictions, instruct the Depositary as to the exercise of
the voting rights pertaining to the amount of Preferred Stock represented by their respective Depositary Shares (including an express
indication that instructions may be given to the Depositary to give a discretionary proxy to a person designated by the Corporation) and
a brief statement as to the manner in which such instructions may be given. Upon the written request of the Holders of Receipts on the
relevant record date, the Depositary shall, to the extent possible, vote or cause to be voted with respect to the applicable matters on
which such shares of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, in accordance with the instructions set forth in such requests, the maximum
number of whole shares of Preferred Stock represented by the Depositary Shares evidenced by all Receipts as to which any particular voting
instructions are received; provided, that the Depositary receives such instructions sufficiently in advance of such voting to enable
it to so vote or cause such Preferred Stock to be voted. The Corporation hereby agrees to take all reasonable action which may be deemed
necessary by the Depositary in order to enable the Depositary to vote such shares of Preferred Stock or cause such shares of Preferred
Stock to be voted with respect to the applicable matters on which such shares of Preferred stock are entitled to vote. In the absence
of specific instructions from the Holder of a Receipt, the Depositary will not vote (but, at its discretion, may appear at any meeting
with respect to such Preferred Stock unless directed to the contrary by the Holders of all the Receipts) to the extent of the Preferred
Stock represented by the Depositary Shares evidenced by such Receipt.

15

SECTION 4.6. Changes
Affecting Deposited Securities and Reclassifications, Recapitalizations, etc.

Upon any change in par or stated
value, split-up, combination or any other reclassification of the Preferred Stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Designations,
or upon any recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation affecting the Corporation or to which it is a party, the Depositary
shall, upon the written instructions of the Corporation setting forth any adjustments, (i) make such adjustments as are certified
by the Corporation in the fraction of an interest represented by one Depositary Share in one share of Preferred Stock and in the ratio
of the Redemption Price per Depositary Share to the Redemption Price per share of Preferred Stock, in each case as may be necessary fully
to reflect the effects of such change in par or stated value, split-up, combination or other reclassification of the Preferred Stock,
or of such recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation and (ii) treat any securities which shall be received by the
Depositary in exchange for or upon conversion of or in respect of the Preferred Stock as new deposited securities so received in exchange
for or upon conversion or in respect of such Preferred Stock. In any such case, the Depositary may, upon the receipt of written instructions
from the Corporation, execute and deliver additional Receipts or may call for the surrender of all outstanding Receipts to be exchanged
for new Receipts specifically describing such new deposited securities. Anything to the contrary herein notwithstanding, Holders of Receipts
shall have the right from and after the effective date of any such change in par or stated value, split-up, combination or other reclassification
of the Preferred Stock or any such recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation to surrender such Receipts to the Depositary
with instructions to convert, exchange or surrender the Preferred Stock represented thereby only into or for, as the case may be, the
kind and amount of shares and other securities and property and cash into which the Preferred Stock represented by such Receipts might
have been converted or for which such Preferred Stock might have been exchanged or surrendered immediately prior to the effective date
of such transaction.

SECTION 4.7. Delivery
of Reports.

The Depositary shall furnish
to Holders of Receipts any reports and communications received from the Corporation which are received by the Depositary and which, to
the Depositarys knowledge, the Corporation is required to furnish to the holders of the Preferred Stock.

SECTION 4.8. Lists
of Receipt Holders.

Reasonably promptly upon request
from time to time by the Corporation, at the sole expense of the Corporation, the Depositary shall furnish to it a list, as of the most
recent practicable date, of the names, addresses and holdings of Depositary Shares of all registered Holders of Receipts.

16

ARTICLE V

The Depositary, The Depositarys Agents,
The Registrar and The Corporation

SECTION 5.1. Maintenance
of Offices, Agencies and Transfer Books by the Depositary; Registrar.

Upon execution of this Agreement,
the Depositary shall maintain at the Depositarys Office, facilities for the execution and delivery, registration and registration
of transfer, surrender and exchange of Receipts and, at the offices of the Depositarys Agents, if any, facilities for the delivery,
registration, registration of transfer, surrender and exchange of Receipts, all in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

The Registrar shall keep books
at the Depositarys Office for the registration and registration of transfer of Receipts, which books at all reasonable times during
regular business hours shall be open for inspection by the Record Holders of Receipts; provided, that any such Holder requesting
to exercise such right shall certify to the Registrar that such inspection shall be for a proper purpose reasonably related to such Persons
interest as an owner of Depositary Shares evidenced by the Receipts.

The Registrar may close such
books, at any time or from time to time, when deemed expedient by it in connection with the performance of its duties hereunder, or because
of any requirement of law or any government, governmental body or commission, stock exchange or any applicable self-regulatory body.

If the Receipts or the Depositary
Shares evidenced thereby or the Preferred Stock represented by such Depositary Shares shall be listed on one or more national securities
exchanges, the Depositary may, with the written approval of the Corporation, appoint a Registrar (acceptable to the Corporation) for registration
of the Receipts or Depositary Shares in accordance with any requirements of such exchange. Such Registrar (which may be the Depositary
if so permitted by the requirements of any such exchange) may be removed and a substitute registrar appointed by the Depositary upon the
request or with the approval of the Corporation. If the Receipts, Depositary Shares or Preferred Stock are listed on one or more other
securities exchanges, the Depositary will, at the request of the Corporation, arrange such facilities for the delivery, registration,
registration of transfer, surrender and exchange of the Receipts, Depositary Shares or Preferred Stock as may be required by law or applicable
securities exchange regulations.

SECTION 5.2. Prevention
of or Delay in Performance by the Depositary, the Depositarys Agents, the Registrar or the Corporation.

Neither the Depositary nor any
Depositarys Agent nor any Registrar nor any Transfer Agent nor the Corporation shall incur any liability to any Holder of Receipt
or any beneficial owner thereof if by reason of any provision of any present or future law, or regulation thereunder, of the United States
of America or of any other governmental authority or, in the case of the Depositary, the Depositarys Agent or the Registrar or
any Transfer Agent, by reason of any provision, present or future, of the Corporations Certificate of Incorporation (including
the Certificate of Designations) or by reason of any act of God or war or other circumstance beyond the control of the relevant party,
the Depositary, the Depositarys Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent or the Corporation shall be prevented or forbidden from,
or subjected to any penalty on account of, doing or performing any act or thing which the terms of this Agreement provide shall be done
or performed; nor shall the Depositary, any Depositarys Agent, any Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Corporation incur liability
to any Holder of a Receipt or any beneficial owner thereof (i) by reason of any nonperformance or delay, caused as aforesaid, in
the performance of any act or thing which the terms of this Agreement shall provide shall or may be done or performed, or (ii) by
reason of any exercise of, or failure to exercise, any discretion provided for in this Agreement except in the event of the gross negligence,
willful misconduct or bad faith (each as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) of the party
charged with such exercise or failure to exercise.

17

SECTION 5.3. Obligations
of the Depositary, the Depositarys Agents and the Registrar.

None of the Depositary, any
Depositarys Agent, any Registrar or any Transfer Agent assumes any obligation or shall be subject to any liability under this Agreement
to Holders of Receipts or any other Person other than from acts or omissions arising out of conduct constituting gross negligence, willful
misconduct or bad faith (each as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, excluding the Depositarys gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith (for which
the limits in this sentence shall not apply), the Depositarys, any Depositarys Agent, Registrars or Transfer Agents
aggregate liability under this Agreement with respect to, arising from or arising in connection with this Agreement, or from all services
provided or omitted to be provided under this Agreement, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, is limited to, and shall not exceed,
twice the amount of fees paid hereunder by the Corporation to the Depositary pursuant to this Agreement during the twelve (12) months
immediately preceding the event for which recovery from the Depositary is sought, but not including reimbursable expenses.

Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary, neither the Depositary, nor the Depositarys Agent nor any Registrar nor any Transfer Agent nor
the Corporation shall be liable in any event for special, punitive, incidental, indirect or consequential losses or damages of any kind
whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits) even if they have been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless
of the form of action.

The Depositary shall not have
any duty or responsibility in the case of the receipt of any written demand from any holder of Receipts with respect to any action or
default by the Corporation, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any duty or responsibility to initiate or attempt
to initiate any proceedings at law or otherwise or to make any demand upon the Corporation.

The Depositary shall not be
obligated to expend or risk its own funds or to take any action that it believes would expose or subject it to expense or liability or
to a risk of incurring expense or liability, unless it has been furnished with assurances of repayment or indemnity satisfactory to it.

18

The Depositary shall act hereunder
solely as agent for the Corporation, and its duties shall be determined solely by the express provisions hereof (and no duties or obligations
shall be inferred or implied). The Depositary shall not assume any obligations or relationship of agency or trust with any of the owners
or holders of the Receipt.

Neither the Depositary nor any
Depositarys Agent nor any Registrar nor any Transfer Agent shall be liable for any action or any failure to act by it in reliance
upon the written advice of legal counsel or accountants, or information from any Person presenting Preferred Stock for deposit, any Holder
of a Receipt or any other Person believed by it in the absence of bad faith to be competent to give such information. The Depositary,
any Depositarys Agent, any Registrar or Transfer Agent may each rely and shall each be protected in acting upon or omitting to
act upon any written notice, request, direction or other document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by
the proper party or parties.

The Depositary shall not be
responsible for any failure to carry out any instruction to vote any of the shares of Preferred Stock or for the manner or effect of any
such vote made, as long as any such action or non-action is not taken in gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith (in each case
as determined in an final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). The Depositary undertakes, and any Registrar
and Transfer Agent shall be required to undertake, to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Agreement,
and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Agreement against the Depositary or any Registrar or any Transfer Agent.

The Depositary, the Depositarys
Agents, and any Registrar or Transfer Agent may own and deal in any class of securities of the Corporation and its affiliates and in Receipts
or, subject to applicable law, become pecuniarily interested in any transaction in which the Corporation may be interested, or contract
with or lend money to the Corporation or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it were not Depositary, the Depositarys Agents,
the Registrar or Transfer Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude such Persons from acting in any other capacity for
the Corporation or for any other legal entity. The Depositary may also act as transfer agent or registrar of any of the securities of
the Corporation and its affiliates.

The Depositary shall not be
under any liability for interest on any monies at any time received by it pursuant to any of the provisions of this Agreement or of the
Receipts, the Depositary Shares or the Preferred Stock, nor shall it be obligated to segregate such monies from other monies held by it,
except as required by law. The Depositary shall not be responsible for advancing funds on behalf of the Corporation and shall have no
duty or obligation to make any payments if it has not timely received sufficient funds to make timely payments.

In the event the Depositary,
the Depositarys Agent, any Registrar or any Transfer Agent believes any ambiguity or uncertainty exists hereunder or in any notice,
instruction, direction, request or other communication, paper or document received by it hereunder, or in the administration of any of
the provisions of this Agreement, the Depositary, the Depositarys Agent, any Registrar or any Transfer Agent shall deem it necessary
or desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, omitting or suffering to take any action hereunder, each of the Depositary,
the Depositarys Agent, any Registrar or any Transfer Agent may, in its sole discretion upon written notice to the Corporation,
refrain from taking any action and shall be fully protected and shall not be liable in any way to the Corporation, any Holders of Receipts
or any other Person for refraining from taking such action, unless the Depositary, the Depositarys Agent, the Registrar or Transfer
Agent, as applicable, receives written instructions or a certificate signed by the Corporation which eliminates such ambiguity or uncertainty
to the satisfaction of the Depositary, the Depositarys Agent, any Registrar or any Transfer Agent or which proves or establishes
the applicable matter to its satisfaction.

19

In the event the Depositary,
any Depositarys Agent, any Registrar or any Transfer Agent shall receive conflicting claims, requests or instructions from any
Holders of Receipts, on the one hand, and the Corporation, on the other hand, the Depositary, any Depositarys Agent, any Registrar
or any Transfer Agent, shall be entitled to act on such claims, requests or instructions received from the Corporation, and shall be entitled
to the indemnification set forth in Section 5.6 in connection with any action so taken.

From time to time, the Corporation
may provide the Depositary, any Depositarys Agent, any Registrar or any Transfer Agent with instructions concerning the services
performed by the Depositary under this Agreement. In addition, at any time, the Depositary, any Depositarys Agent, any Registrar
or any Transfer Agent may apply to any officer of the Corporation for instruction, and may consult with legal counsel for the Depositary
or the Corporation with respect to any matter arising in connection with the services to be performed by the Depositary, Depositarys
Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent, as applicable, under this Agreement. The Depositary, Depositarys Agent, Registrar, Transfer
Agent and their respective agents and subcontractors shall not be liable and shall be indemnified by the Corporation for any action taken
or omitted by them in reliance upon any instructions from the Corporation or upon the advice or opinion of such counsel. None of the Depositary,
any Depositarys Agent, any Registrar or any Transfer Agent shall be held to have notice of any change of authority of any Person,
until receipt of written notice thereof from the Corporation.

The Depositary may rely on and
be fully authorized and protected in acting or failing to act upon (a) any guaranty of signature by an eligible guarantor
institution that is a member or participant in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program or other comparable signature
guarantee program or insurance program in addition to, or in substitution for, the foregoing; or (b) any law, act, regulation
or any interpretation of the same then in effect.

The Depositary shall not be
liable or responsible for any failure of the Corporation to comply with any of its obligations relating to any registration statement
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or this Agreement, including without limitation obligations under applicable regulation
or law.

The Depositary may rely on and
shall be held harmless and protected and shall incur no liability for or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken
by it in reliance upon any certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, notice, letter, facsimile transmission or other document, or any
security delivered to it, and believed by it in the absence of bad faith to be genuine and to have been made or signed by the proper party
or parties, or upon any written or oral instructions or statements from the Corporation with respect to any matter relating to its acting
as Depositary hereunder.

20

The Depositary may execute and
exercise any of the rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself or by or through its attorney or
agents, and the Depositary shall not be answerable or accountable for any act, default, neglect or misconduct of any such attorney or
agents or for any loss to the Corporation resulting from any such act, default, neglect or misconduct, absent gross negligence, bad faith
or willful misconduct (each as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) in the selection and
continued employment or engagement thereof.

The Depositary, any Depositarys
Agent, any Registrar and any Transfer Agent hereunder:

(i) shall
have no duties or obligations other than those specifically set forth herein (and no implied duties or obligations), or as may subsequently
be agreed to in writing by the parties;

(ii) shall
have no obligation to make payment hereunder unless the Corporation shall have provided the necessary federal or other immediately available
funds or securities or property, as the case may be, to pay in full amounts due and payable with respect thereto;

(iii) may
rely on and shall be authorized and protected in acting or omitting to act upon any certificate, instrument, opinion, notice, letter,
facsimile transmission or other document or security delivered to it and believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed by the proper
party or parties, and shall have no responsibility for determining the accuracy thereof;

(iv) may
rely on and shall be authorized and protected in acting or omitting to act upon the written, telephonic, electronic and oral instructions
given in accordance with this Agreement, with respect to any matter relating to its actions as Depositary, Transfer Agent or Registrar
covered by this Agreement (or supplementing or qualifying any such actions), by officers of the Corporation;

(v) may
consult counsel satisfactory to it (who may be an employee of the Depositary or the Registrar or counsel to the Corporation), and the
advice of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted to
be taken by it hereunder in accordance with the advice of such counsel;

(vi) shall
not be called upon at any time to advise any Person with respect to the Preferred Stock, Depositary Shares or Receipts;

(vii) shall
not be liable or responsible for any recital or statement contained in any documents relating hereto or to the Preferred Stock, the Depositary
Shares or Receipts;

(viii) shall
not be liable in any respect on account of the identity, authority or rights of the parties (other than the Depositary) executing or delivering
or purporting to execute or deliver this Agreement or any documents or papers deposited or called for under this Agreement; and

21

(ix) shall
not be obligated to expend or risk its own funds or to take any action that it believes would expose or subject it to expense or liability
or to a risk of incurring expense or liability, unless it has been furnished with assurances of repayment or indemnity satisfactory to
it.

The obligations of the Corporation
and the rights of the Depositary, the Depositarys Agent, Transfer Agent or Registrar set forth in this Section 5.3
shall survive the replacement, removal or resignation of any Depositary, Registrar, Transfer Agent or Depositarys Agent or termination
of this Agreement.

SECTION 5.4. Resignation
and Removal of the Depositary; Appointment of Successor Depositary.

The Depositary may at any time
resign as Depositary hereunder by delivering 30 days written notice of its election to do so to the Corporation, such resignation
to take effect upon the appointment of a successor Depositary and its acceptance of such appointment as hereinafter provided, but in no
event later than 30 days after delivery of such written notice.

The Depositary may at any time
be removed by the Corporation by 30 days written notice of such removal delivered to the Depositary, such removal to take effect
upon the appointment of a successor Depositary hereunder and its acceptance of such appointment as hereinafter provided, but in no event
later than 30 days after delivery of such written notice.

In case at any time the Depositary
acting hereunder shall resign or be removed, the Corporation shall, within 30 days after the delivery of the notice of resignation or
removal, as the case may be, appoint a successor Depositary, which shall be an entity having its principal office in the United States
of America and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000; provided, that the Corporation shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to ensure that there is at all relevant times when the Preferred Stock is outstanding a Person appointed and serving
as the Depositary. If no successor Depositary shall have been so appointed and have accepted appointment within 30 days after delivery
of such notice, any Record Holder of Receipts hereunder or the resigning or removed Depositary may petition a court of competent jurisdiction
to appoint a successor Depositary. Every successor Depositary shall execute and deliver to its predecessor and to the Corporation an instrument
in writing accepting its appointment hereunder, and thereupon such successor Depositary, without any further act or deed, shall become
fully vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor and for all purposes shall be the Depositary under
this Agreement, and such predecessor, upon payment of all sums due it and on the written request of the Corporation, shall promptly execute
and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor all rights and powers of such predecessor hereunder, shall duly assign, transfer
and deliver all rights, title and interest in the deposited Preferred Stock and any moneys or property held hereunder to such successor
and shall deliver to such successor a list of the Record Holders of all outstanding Receipts and such records, books and other information
in its possession relating thereto. Any successor Depositary shall promptly mail (or otherwise transmit by an authorized method) notice
of its appointment to the Record Holders of Receipts.

Any Person into or with which
the Depositary may be merged, consolidated or converted shall be the successor of the Depositary without the execution or filing of any
document or any further act, and notice thereof shall not be required hereunder. Such successor Depositary may authenticate the Receipts
in the name of the predecessor Depositary or its own name as successor Depositary.

22

The provisions of this Section 5.4
as they apply to the Depositary apply to the Registrar and Transfer Agent as if specifically enumerated herein.

SECTION 5.5. Corporate
Notices and Reports.

The Corporation agrees that
it will deliver to the Depositary, and at the Corporations direction the Depositary will, promptly after receipt thereof, transmit
to the Record Holders of Receipts, in each case at the addresses recorded in the Depositarys books, copies of all notices and reports
(including without limitation financial statements) required by law, by the rules of any national securities exchange upon which
the Preferred Stock, the Depositary Shares or the Receipts are listed or by the Corporations Certificate of Incorporation (including
the Certificate of Designations), to be furnished to the Record Holders of Receipts. Such transmission will be at the Corporations
expense and the Corporation will provide the Depositary with such number of copies of such documents as the Depositary may reasonably
request. In addition, the Depositary will transmit to the Record Holders of Receipts at the Corporations expense such other documents
as may be requested by the Corporation.

SECTION 5.6. Indemnification
by the Corporation.

Notwithstanding Section 5.3
to the contrary, the Corporation shall indemnify the Depositary, any Depositarys Agent and any Registrar and any Transfer Agent
(including each of their officers, directors, agents and employees) against, and hold each of them harmless from, any loss, damage, judgment,
cost, fine, penalty, claim, demand, settlement, liability or expense (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and
expenses of its legal counsel) which may arise out of or in connection with acts performed, taken or omitted to be taken in connection
with the execution, acceptance, administration, exercise and performance of its duties under this Agreement and the Receipts by the Depositary,
any Registrar, any Transfer Agent, or any of their respective agents (including any Depositarys Agents) and any transactions or
documents contemplated hereby, except for any liability arising out of gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith (as determined
by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) on the respective parts of any such Person or Persons. The obligations
of the Corporation set forth in this Section 5.6 shall survive the replacement, removal, resignation or any succession of
any Depositary, Registrar, Transfer Agent or Depositarys Agent, or termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 5.7. Fees,
Charges and Expenses.

The Corporation agrees promptly
to pay the Depositary, the Depositarys Agent, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent compensation for all services to be agreed upon
with the Corporation and rendered by them hereunder in accordance with a fee schedule to be mutually agreed upon and, from time to time,
as promptly as practicable after demand of the Depositary, to reimburse the Depositary, the Depositarys Agent, the Transfer Agent,
the Registrar, any dividend disbursement agent and any redemption agent for all of its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses
(including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses for one outside counsel) and other disbursements incurred in
the exercise and performance of its duties hereunder. The Corporation shall pay all charges of the Depositary in connection with the initial
deposit of the Preferred Stock and the initial issuance of the Depositary Shares, all withdrawals of shares of Preferred Stock by owners
of Depositary Shares, and any redemption or exchange of the Preferred Stock at the option of the Corporation. The Corporation shall pay
all transfer and other similar taxes and governmental charges arising solely from the existence of the depositary arrangements. All other
transfer and other similar taxes and governmental charges shall be at the expense of Holders of Depositary Shares evidenced by Receipts.
If, at the request of a Holder of Receipts, the Depositary incurs charges or expenses for which the Corporation is not otherwise liable
hereunder, such Holder will be liable for such charges and expenses; provided, however, that the Depositary may, at its
sole option, require a Holder of a Receipt to prepay the Depositary any charge or expense the Depositary has been asked to incur at the
request of such Holder of Receipts. The Depositary shall present its statement for charges and expenses to the Corporation at such intervals
as the Corporation and the Depositary may agree. The obligations of the Corporation and the rights of the Depositary, the Depositarys
Agent, Transfer Agent or Registrar under this Section 5.7 shall survive the replacement, removal, resignation or any succession
of any Depositary, Registrar, Transfer Agent or Depositarys Agent or termination of this Agreement.

23

SECTION 5.8. Withholding.

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, in the event that the Depositary determines that any distribution in property is subject to any tax or other governmental
charge which the Depositary is obligated by law to withhold, the Depositary may dispose of, by public or private sale, all or a portion
of such property in such amounts and in such manner as the Depositary deems necessary and practicable to pay such taxes, and the Depositary
shall distribute the net proceeds of any such sale or the balance of any such property after deduction of such taxes to the Holders of
Receipts entitled thereto in proportion to the number of Depositary Shares held by them, respectively; provided, however, that
in the event the Depositary determines that such distribution of property is subject to withholding tax only with respect to some but
not all Holders of Receipts, the Depositary will use its best efforts (i) to sell only that portion of such property distributable
to such Holders that is required to generate sufficient proceeds to pay such withholding tax and (ii) to effect any such sale in
such a manner so as to avoid affecting the rights of any other Holders of Receipts to receive such distribution in property.

ARTICLE VI

Amendment and Termination

SECTION 6.1. Amendment.

The form of the Receipts and any provisions of
this Agreement may at any time and from time to time be amended by agreement between the Corporation and the Depositary in any respect
which they may deem necessary or desirable; provided, however, that no such amendment which shall materially and adversely
alter the rights of the Holders of Receipts shall be effective against the Holders of Receipts unless such amendment shall have been approved
by the Holders of Receipts representing in the aggregate at least a two-thirds majority of the Depositary Shares then outstanding; provided,
further, that as a condition precedent to the Depositarys execution of any amendment, the Corporation shall deliver to the
Depositary a certificate from a duly authorized officer of the Corporation that states that the proposed amendment complies with this
Section 6.1. No supplement or amendment to this Agreement shall be effective unless duly executed by the Depositary and the
Corporation. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Depositary may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into
any supplement or amendment that adversely affects the Depositarys own rights, duties, immunities or obligations under this Agreement.
Every Holder of an outstanding Receipt at the time any such amendment becomes effective shall be deemed, by continuing to hold such Receipt,
to consent and agree to such amendment and to be bound by this Agreement as amended thereby. In no event shall any amendment impair the
right, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.5 and 2.6 and Article III, of any owner of Depositary Shares
to surrender any Receipt evidencing such Depositary Shares to the Depositary with instructions to deliver to the Holder the Preferred
Stock and all money and other property, if any, represented thereby, except in order to comply with mandatory provisions of applicable
law or the rules and regulations of any governmental body, agency or commission, or applicable securities exchange.

24

SECTION 6.2. Termination.

Without limiting any of the
rights or immunities of the Depositary under this Agreement, this Agreement may be terminated by the Corporation or the Depositary only
if (i) all outstanding Depositary Shares shall have been redeemed in accordance with the provisions hereof or (ii) there shall
have been made a final distribution in respect of the deposited Preferred Stock in connection with any liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation and such distribution shall have been distributed to the Holders of Receipts entitled thereto.

Upon the termination of this
Agreement, the Corporation shall be discharged from all obligations under this Agreement except for its obligations to the Depositary,
any Depositarys Agent, any Transfer Agent, Registrar and any other Person under Sections 5.3, 5.6 and 5.7.

ARTICLE VII

Miscellaneous

SECTION 7.1. Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts, and by each of the parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which counterparts, when so executed
and delivered, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. A signature
to this Agreement transmitted electronically shall have the same authority, effect, and enforceability as an original signature, and the
words execution, signed, signature, delivery
and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement or any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed
to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect,
validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system,
as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means.

25

SECTION 7.2. Exclusive
Benefit of Parties.

This Agreement is for the exclusive
benefit of the parties hereto except as expressly provided herein, and their respective successors hereunder, and shall not be deemed
to give any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim to any other Person whatsoever.

SECTION 7.3. Invalidity
of Provisions.

In case any one or more of the
provisions contained in this Agreement or in the Receipts should be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein or therein shall in no way be affected, prejudiced or disturbed
thereby; provided, however, that if any such provision adversely affects the rights, duties, liabilities or obligations of the
Depositary, the Depositary shall be entitled to resign immediately.

SECTION 7.4. Notices.

Any and all notices to be given
to the Corporation hereunder or under the Receipts shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if personally delivered
or sent by mail or overnight delivery service, or by facsimile transmission or electronic mail, confirmed by letter, addressed to the
Corporation at:

American National Group Inc.

One Moody Plaza

Galveston, TX 77550

Attention: Reza Syed, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President

Email: [**]

or at any other addresses of which the Corporation
shall have notified the Depositary in writing.

Any and all notices to be given
to the Depositary hereunder or under the Receipts shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if personally delivered
or sent by mail or overnight delivery service or by facsimile transmission, addressed to the Depositary at:

Computershare Inc.

Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

150 Royall Street

Canton, MA 02021

Attention: General Counsel

Facsimile No.: [**]

or at any other addresses of which the Depositary
shall have notified the Corporation in writing.

26

Any and all notices to be given
to any Record Holder of a Receipt hereunder or under the Receipts shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if personally
delivered or sent by mail, recognized next-day courier service or telecopier confirmed by letter, addressed to such Record Holder at the
address of such Record Holder as it appears on the books of the Depositary or, in the case of Receipts issued in the form of one or more
Global Registered Receipts, if transmitted through the facilities of DTC in accordance with DTCs procedures; provided, that
any Record Holder may direct the Depositary to deliver notices to such Record Holder at an alternate address or in a specific manner that
is reasonably requested by such Record Holder in a written request timely filed with the Depositary and that is reasonably acceptable
to the Depositary.

Delivery of a notice sent by
mail or by facsimile transmission shall be deemed to be effected at the time when a duly addressed letter containing the same (or a confirmation
thereof in the case of a facsimile transmission) is deposited, postage prepaid, in a post office letter box or in the case of a next-day
courier service, when deposited with such courier, courier fees prepaid. The Depositary or the Corporation may, however, act upon any
facsimile transmission received by it from the other or from any Holder of a Receipt, notwithstanding that such facsimile transmission
shall not subsequently be confirmed by letter or as aforesaid. Delivery of a notice sent by electronic mail shall be deemed received upon
the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function,
as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement).

SECTION 7.5. Depositarys
Agents.

The Depositary may from time
to time appoint Depositarys Agents to act in any respect for the Depositary for the purposes of this Agreement and may at any time
appoint additional Depositarys Agents and vary or terminate the appointment of such Depositarys Agents. The Depositary will
promptly notify the Corporation of any such action.

SECTION 7.6. [Reserved].

SECTION 7.7. Holders
of Receipts Are Parties.

The Holders of Receipts from
time to time shall be deemed to be parties to this Agreement and shall be bound by all of the terms and conditions hereof and of the Receipts
by acceptance of delivery thereof to the same extent as though such Person executed this Agreement.

SECTION 7.8. Governing
Law.

This Agreement and the Receipts
and all rights hereunder and thereunder and provisions hereof and thereof shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
laws of the State of New York. Any suit, action or proceeding brought by one party hereto against another party hereto in connection with
or arising under this Agreement shall be brought solely in the state or federal court or appropriate jurisdiction located in the Borough
of Manhattan, The City of New York and each party hereto irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (i) any objection
that such courts are an inconvenient forum and (ii) any claim of immunity, sovereign or otherwise.

27

SECTION 7.9. Inspection
of Agreement.

Copies of this Agreement shall
be filed with the Depositary and the Depositarys Agents and shall be open to inspection during business hours at the Depositarys
Office and the respective offices of the Depositarys Agents, if any, by any Holder of a Receipt.

SECTION 7.10. Headings.

The headings of articles and
sections in this Agreement and in the form of the Receipt set forth in Exhibit A hereto have been inserted for convenience
only and are not to be regarded as a part of this Agreement or the Receipts or to have any bearing upon the meaning or interpretation
of any provision contained herein or in the Receipts.

SECTION 7.11. Further
Assurances.

From time to time and after
the date hereof, the Corporation agrees that it will perform, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, acknowledged or delivered,
all such further and other acts, documents, instruments and assurances as the Depositary may reasonably require to perform the provisions
of this Agreement.

SECTION 7.12. Confidentiality.

The Depositary and the Corporation
agree that all books, records, information and data pertaining to the business of the other party, including inter alia, personal, non-public
Holder information and the fees for services that are exchanged or received pursuant to the negotiation or the carrying out of this Agreement,
shall remain confidential, and shall not be voluntarily disclosed to any other Person, except as may be required by law or legal process.
Each party, however, may disclose relevant aspects of the other partys confidential information to its officers, affiliates, agents,
subcontractors and employees to the extent reasonably necessary to perform its duties and obligations under this Agreement and such disclosure
is not prohibited by applicable law.

SECTION 7.13. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral
or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof.

[Signature page follows]

28

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of
the parties hereto has duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first set forth above and all Holders of Receipts shall become
parties hereto by and upon acceptance by them of delivery of Receipts issued in accordance with the terms hereof.

AMERICAN NATIONAL GROUP INC.

By: /s/ Reza Syed

Name: Reza Syed

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice
President

[Signature Page to Deposit Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of
the parties hereto has duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first set forth above and all Holders of Receipts shall become
parties hereto by and upon acceptance by them of delivery of Receipts issued in accordance with the terms hereof.

COMPUTERSHARE INC. and COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as Depositary, and COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as Registrar and Transfer Agent

By: /s/ Fred Papenmeier

Name: Fred Papenmeier

Title: Vice President & Manager

[Signature Page to Deposit Agreement]

2

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF DEPOSITARY RECEIPT]

[FACE OF RECEIPT]

IF GLOBAL RECEIPT IS ISSUED:
UNLESS THIS RECEIPT IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC),
TO AMERICAN NATIONAL GROUP INC. OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY RECEIPT ISSUED IS REGISTERED
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE
TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER
USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN
INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL RECEIPT
SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE
AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL RECEIPT SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE
DEPOSIT AGREEMENT REFERRED TO BELOW.

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER,
THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT
MAY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.

NUMBER OF DEPOSITARY SHARES: 12,000,000

DEPOSITARY RECEIPT NO. A-1

EACH REPRESENTING 1/1,000th OF ONE
SHARE OF

7.375% FIXED-RATE NON-CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK,
SERIES D

OF

AMERICAN NATIONAL GROUP INC.

CUSIP: 025676 859

SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

Dividend Payment Dates: January 15,
April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year.

Computershare Inc., a Delaware
corporation, and its affiliate, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., a federally chartered trust company (collectively, the Depositary),
hereby certify that CEDE & CO. is the registered owner of 12,000,000 depositary shares (Depositary Shares),
each Depositary Share representing 1/1,000th of one share of the 7.375% Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D, $1.00
par value per share, $25,000 liquidation preference per share (the Preferred Stock), of American National Group Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), on deposit with the Depositary, subject to the terms and entitled to the
benefits of the Deposit Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2025 (the Deposit Agreement), among the Corporation,
the Depositary and the Holders from time to time of the Depositary Receipts. By accepting this Depositary Receipt, the Holder hereof becomes
a party to and agrees to be bound by all the terms and conditions of the Deposit Agreement. This Depositary Receipt shall not be valid
or obligatory for any purpose or entitled to any benefits under the Deposit Agreement unless it shall have been executed by the Depositary
by the manual, facsimile or electronic signature of a duly authorized officer or, if a Registrar in respect of the Receipts (other than
the Depositary) shall have been appointed, by the manual, facsimile or electronic signature of a duly authorized officer of such Registrar.

Dated:

Computershare Inc., and

Computershare Trust Company, N.A.,

as Depositary

By: 

Authorized Officer 

[REVERSE OF RECEIPT]

AMERICAN NATIONAL GROUP INC.

THE CORPORATION WILL FURNISH
WITHOUT CHARGE TO EACH RECEIPT HOLDER WHO SO REQUESTS A COPY OF THE DEPOSIT AGREEMENT AND A COPY OR SUMMARY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS
OF THE 7.375% FIXED-RATE NON-CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK, SERIES D, OF AMERICAN NATIONAL GROUP INC. ANY SUCH REQUEST IS TO BE ADDRESSED
TO THE DEPOSITARY NAMED ON THE FACE OF THIS RECEIPT.

The Corporation will furnish
without charge to each receipt holder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other
special rights of each class of stock or series thereof of the Corporation, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such
preferences and/or rights. Such request may be made to the Corporation or to the Registrar.

EXPLANATION OF ABBREVIATIONS

The following abbreviations
when used in the form of ownership on the face of this certificate shall be construed as though they were written out in full according
to applicable laws or regulations. Abbreviations in addition to those appearing below may be used.

Abbreviation Equivalent Word Abbreviation Equivalent Word

JT TEN As joint tenants, with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common TEN BY ENT As tenants by the entireties

TEN IN COM As tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT Uniform Gifts to Minors Act

Abbreviation Equivalent Word Abbreviation Equivalent Word Abbreviation Equivalent Word

ADM Administrator(s), Administratrix EX Executor(s), Executrix PL Public Law

AGMT Agreement FBO For the benefit of TR (As) trustee(s), for, of

ART Article FDN Foundation U Under

CH Chapter GDN Guardian(s) UA Under Agreement

CUST Custodian for GDNSHP Guardianship UW Under will of, Of will of, Under last will & testament

DEC Declaration MIN Minor(s) 

EST Estate, of Esate of PAR Paragraph 

For value received, hereby sell(s),
assign(s) and transfer(s) unto

INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER
IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE: _____________________

PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND
ADDRESS INCLUDING POSTAL ZIP CODE OF ASSIGNEE: ______________

Depositary Shares represented
by the within Receipt, and do(es) hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint ___________ as Attorney to transfer the said Depositary Shares
on the books of the within named Depositary with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: _________________________

NOTICE: The signature to the
assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of this Receipt in every particular, without alteration or enlargement
or any change whatsoever.

SIGNATURE GUARANTEED

NOTICE: If applicable, the signature(s) should
be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution (banks, stockbrokers, savings and loan associations, and credit unions with membership
in an approved signature guarantee medallion program), pursuant to Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2430912d7_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

January 10, 2025

American National Group Inc.

12,000,000 Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/1,000th Interest in a Share of 7.375% Series D Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred
Stock

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel for American National Group Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), in connection with the Prospectus Supplement, dated January 7, 2025 (the Prospectus
Supplement), of the Company, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and relating to the
issuance and sale by the Company of an aggregate of 12,000,000 depositary shares (the Depositary Shares), each of which
represents ownership of 1/1,000th of a share of 7.375% Series D Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series D
Preferred Stock), in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement, dated January 7, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement),
among Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, as representatives
of the several underwriters listed on Schedule I thereto (the Underwriters), and the Company.

In connection with this opinion, we have examined originals, or copies
certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such corporate records, certificates of corporate officers and government officials
and such other documents as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of this opinion, including: (a) the Certificate
of Incorporation of the Company, as amended by the Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation establishing the preferences,
limitations and relative rights of the Series D Preferred Stock (the Charter); (b) the By-Laws of the Company;
(c) resolutions adopted by unanimous written consent of the Board of Directors of the Company on January 6, 2025 and January 8,
2025; (d) resolutions adopted by written consent of the sole stockholder of the Company on January 8, 2025; (e) the Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-281155), filed with the Commission on July 31, 2024, with respect to the registration
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of $3,500,000,000 aggregate amount of various securities
of the Company, to be issued from time to time by the Company, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto filed with the Commission on
August 27, 2024 (such Registration Statement, as amended by such amendment, being hereinafter referred to as the Registration
Statement); (f) the Deposit Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2025 (the Deposit Agreement), among the
Company, Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., collectively, as Depositary, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. as Registrar
and Transfer Agent and the holders from time to time of the Depositary Receipts (as defined therein) issued thereunder and the form of
Depositary Receipts included therein. As to various questions of fact material to this opinion, we have relied upon representations of
officers or directors of the Company and documents furnished to us by the Company without independent verification of their accuracy.

We have also assumed (a) the genuineness of all signatures, the
legal capacity and competency of all natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity
to authentic original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies and (b) the due authorization, execution and delivery
of all agreements by all parties thereto (other than the Company).

Based on the foregoing and subject to the qualifications set forth
herein and subject to compliance with applicable state securities laws, we are of opinion that (i) when issued and delivered to and
paid for by the Underwriters pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Series D Preferred Stock will be validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable and (ii) when the Depositary Receipts are executed, issued and authenticated in accordance with the provisions
of the Deposit Agreement and delivered to and paid for by the Underwriters pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Depositary Shares
will be validly issued and will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, entitled to the benefits of the Deposit
Agreement and enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent transfer and other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally from time to time in effect and to
general principles of equity, including, without limitation, concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing, regardless
of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

We are admitted to practice in the State of New York, and we express
no opinion as to matters governed by any laws other than the laws of the State of New York, the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware and the Federal laws of the United States of America.

2

We are aware that we are referred to under the heading Legal
Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. We hereby consent to such use of our name therein and to the filing of this opinion as Exhibit 5.1
to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2025, and to the incorporation by reference of this opinion
into the Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not hereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent
is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Cravath, Swaine & Moore
LLP

American National Group Inc.

One Moody Plaza

Galveston, Texas 77550

O

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ael-20250110.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ael-20250110_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ael-20250110_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Series A Preferred Stock [Member] 

Series B Preferred Stock [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ael-20250110_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm2430912d7_ex5-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm2430912d7_ex5-1img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 10, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 10, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-31911

Entity Registrant Name AMERICAN NATIONAL GROUP INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001039828

Entity Tax Identification Number 42-1447959

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One One Moody Plaza

Entity Address, City or Town Galveston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77550

City Area Code 888

Local Phone Number 221-1234

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Series A Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Depositary
Shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 5.95% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series
A

Trading Symbol ANG PR
A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series B Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Depositary
Shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 6.625% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series
B

Trading Symbol ANG PR
B

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://american-equity.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ael-20250110.xsd 
ael-20250110_def.xml 
ael-20250110_lab.xml 
ael-20250110_pre.xml 
tm2430912d7_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-002579-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm2430912d7_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001039828 

2025-01-10 
2025-01-10 

0001039828 

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 

2025-01-10 
2025-01-10 

0001039828 

us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember 

2025-01-10 
2025-01-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001039828 
8-K 
2025-01-10 
AMERICAN NATIONAL GROUP INC. 
DE 
001-31911 
42-1447959 
One Moody Plaza 
Galveston 
TX 
77550 
888 
221-1234 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 5.95% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A 
ANG PR A 
NYSE 
Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 6.625% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B 
ANG PR B 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>