<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-007445.txt : 20250306
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-007445.hdr.sgml : 20250306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250306170836
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-007445
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250306
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WEX Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001309108
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				010526993
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32426
		FILM NUMBER:		25716262

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 HANCOCK STREET
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			ME
		ZIP:			04101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(207) 773-8171

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 HANCOCK STREET
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			ME
		ZIP:			04101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Wright Express CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041118
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ny20044175x8_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000130910800013091082025-03-062025-03-06

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported)

March 6, 2025

WEX Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

001-32426

01-0526993

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

1 Hancock Street,
PortlandMaine 

(207)
733-8171 

04101

Address of principal executive offices 

(Registrants Telephone Number,

Including Area Code) 

(Zip Code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value

WEX

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 6, 2025 (the Closing Date), WEX Inc. (the Company) completed its previously announced upsized offering (the Notes
Offering) of $550 million in aggregate principal amount of its new 6.500% senior unsecured notes due 2033 (the Notes) in a private offering that is exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

On the Closing Date, and as further described below, the Company also entered into an amendment (the Seventh
Amendment) to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, prior to the Closing Date, the Existing Credit Agreement, and as
further amended by the Seventh Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement), by and among the Company and certain of its subsidiaries identified therein, the lenders party thereto from time to time, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative
agent on behalf of the lenders, to, among other things, establish an incremental tranche of senior secured tranche B term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $450 million (the Incremental Term Loan B-3 Facility).

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Notes Offering, together with the net proceeds of borrowings under the
Incremental Term Loan B-3 Facility and cash on hand, to (i) fund the Companys tender offer to purchase shares of its outstanding common stock for a cash purchase price of up to $750 million (the Tender Offer), (ii) repay approximately $250
million outstanding under the revolving portion of the Companys senior secured credit facilities, and (iii) pay related fees and expenses, with any amounts remaining thereafter to be used for general corporate purposes, which may include
additional repurchases of the Companys common stock after the expiration of the Tender Offer.

Indenture

The Notes are governed by an indenture dated as of March 6, 2025, among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto (the
Guarantors) and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (the Indenture). The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantors on a senior unsecured basis (the Guarantees and, together with the Notes, the Securities). The Notes and the
Guarantees are effectively subordinated to the Companys and the Guarantors secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness, and structurally subordinated to all liabilities of the Companys
subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Notes.

The Company will pay 6.500% interest per annum on the principal amount of the Notes, payable semi-annually on March 15 and September
15 of each year. Interest on the Notes will accrue from March 6, 2025, and the first interest payment date for the Notes will be September 15, 2025. The Notes will mature on March 15, 2033, unless they are earlier redeemed or repurchased in
accordance with the terms set forth in the Indenture.

The Indenture contains covenants that, among other things, limit the Companys and certain of its subsidiaries (other than the Bank
Regulated Subsidiaries (as defined in the Indenture)) ability to (i) create or permit to exist certain liens on any of their property or assets securing any indebtedness, without securing the Notes equally and ratably with (or prior to) such
secured indebtedness and (ii) enter into sale leaseback transactions. The Company and the Guarantors are also limited in their ability to consolidate with or into, or convey, lease or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of their assets on
a consolidated basis to any person, subject to certain exceptions.

Prior to March 15, 2028, the Company may, at its option, redeem all or a portion of the Notes at the applicable make-whole price set
forth in the Indenture. Prior to March 15, 2028, the Company may, at its option, redeem up to 40% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes with an amount not greater than the net proceeds of certain equity offerings at the redemption price set
forth in the Indenture so long as at least 50% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (originally issued) remains outstanding immediately afterwards. The Company has the option to redeem all or a portion of the Notes at any time on or
after March 15, 2028 at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined in the Indenture), the Company is required to offer to repurchase the Notes at 101% of the principal
amount of such Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of repurchase.

The Indenture also contains customary events of default. Indebtedness under the Securities may be accelerated in certain
circumstances upon an event of default as set forth in the Indenture.

The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any state securities laws, and may not be offered or
sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities or blue sky laws.

The foregoing descriptions of the Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their
entirety by reference to the text of the Indenture (and the Guarantees contained therein) and form of Notes, copies of which are included as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by
reference.

Incremental Term Loan B-3 Facility and Seventh Amendment

The Seventh Amendment amends certain terms of the Existing Credit Agreement, including without limitation, to provide for the
Incremental Term Loan B-3 Facility, scheduled to mature on March 6, 2032. The Incremental Term Loan B-3 Facility bears interest at a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus 1.75% or alternative benchmarks and spreads as set forth in the Amended Credit
Agreement. The Incremental Term Loan B-3 Facility may be voluntarily prepaid without penalty or premium, other than a 1.00% prepayment premium in the case of any repricing transaction within six months of the Closing Date. The Companys
obligations with respect to the Incremental Term Loan B-3 Facility are guaranteed by certain of the Companys subsidiaries, and those obligations and guarantees are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and certain of its
subsidiaries. The Seventh Amendment also amends the consolidated leverage ratio level applicable to the Companys unlimited restricted payments covenant from 2.75:1.00 to 3.50:1.00. All other terms and provisions of the Amended Credit Agreement
remain substantially the same as the Existing Credit Agreement.

From time to time, certain parties to the Amended Credit Agreement, and affiliates of those parties, have provided, and may in the
future provide banking, investment banking, and other financial services to the Company or the Companys affiliates. Such parties have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these services.

The foregoing description of the Seventh Amendment is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Seventh Amendment filed as
Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation Under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a
Registrant.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

ITEM 9.01 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

(d) See attached Exhibit Index.

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No. 

Description

4.1 

Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2025, among WEX Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as trustee.

4.2 

Form of 6.500% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2033 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed herewith as Exhibit 4.1).

10.1 

Seventh Amendment, dated as of March 6, 2025, to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2021, by and among WEX
Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries identified therein, the lenders party thereto from time to time, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent on behalf of the lenders (including a conformed copy of the Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement, reflecting all amendments through the Seventh Amendment, attached as Annex A thereto).*

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* 

Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company agrees to furnish to the SEC a copy of any omitted exhibits or schedules upon request of the SEC. 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

WEX, INC.

By: 

/s/ Jagtar Narula

Name: 

Jagtar Narula

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

Date: March 6, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ny20044175x8_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Execution Version

WEX INC.,

as the Company,

the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time parties hereto

and

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as the Trustee

INDENTURE

DATED AS OF MARCH 6, 2025

6.500% Senior Notes due 2033

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS

OF GENERAL APPLICATION

Section 101. 

Definitions 

1

Section 102. 

Other Definitions 

27

Section 103. 

Rules of Construction 

28

Section 104. 

[Reserved] 

29

Section 105. 

[Reserved] 

29

Section 106. 

Compliance Certificates and Opinions 

29

Section 107. 

Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee 

29

Section 108. 

Acts of Noteholders; Record Dates 

30

Section 109. 

Notices, Etc., to Trustee and Company 

31

Section 110. 

Notices to Holders; Waiver 

32

Section 111. 

Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 

32

Section 112. 

Successors and Assigns 

32

Section 113. 

Separability Clause 

32

Section 114. 

Benefits of Indenture 

32

Section 115. 

Governing Law 

32

Section 116. 

Waiver of Trial by Jury 

32

Section 117. 

Legal Holidays 

32

Section 118. 

No Personal Liability of Directors, Managers, Officers, Employees, Incorporators and Stockholders 

33

Section 119. 

Exhibits and Schedules 

33

Section 120. 

Counterparts 

33

Section 121. 

Force Majeure 

33

Section 122. 

USA PATRIOT Act 

33

Section 123. 

Limited Condition Transaction 

33

Section 124. 

Certain Calculations 

34

Section 125. 

Severability; Entire Agreement 

35

ARTICLE II

NOTE FORMS

Section 201. 

Forms Generally 

35

Section 202. 

Form of Trustees Certificate of Authentication 

36

Section 203. 

Restrictive and Global Note Legends 

37

ARTICLE III

THE NOTES

Section 301. 

General Terms; Additional Notes 

39

Section 302. 

Denominations 

39

Section 303. 

Execution, Authentication and Delivery and Dating 

39

Section 304. 

Temporary Notes 

40

Section 305. 

Note Registrar and Paying Agent 

40

Section 306. 

Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Notes 

41

Section 307. 

Payment of Interest Rights Preserved 

41

Section 308. 

Persons Deemed Owners 

42

-i-

Section 309. 

Cancellation 

42

Section 310. 

Computation of Interest 

42

Section 311. 

CUSIP Numbers, ISINs, Etc 

42

Section 312. 

Book-Entry Provisions for Global Notes 

43

Section 313. 

Special Transfer Provisions 

44

ARTICLE IV

COVENANTS

Section 401. 

Payment of Principal, Premium and Interest 

46

Section 402. 

Maintenance of Office or Agency 

46

Section 403. 

Money for Payments to Be Held in Trust 

47

Section 404. 

[Reserved] 

48

Section 405. 

SEC Reports 

48

Section 406. 

Statement as to Default 

49

Section 407. 

[Reserved] 

49

Section 408. 

[Reserved] 

49

Section 409. 

[Reserved] 

49

Section 410. 

[Reserved] 

49

Section 411. 

[Reserved] 

50

Section 412. 

Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 

50

Section 413. 

Limitation on Liens 

50

Section 414. 

Future Subsidiary Guarantors 

51

Section 415. 

Purchase of Notes Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event 

51

ARTICLE V

SUCCESSORS

Section 501. 

When the Company May Merge, Etc. 

52

Section 502. 

Successor Company Substituted 

53

ARTICLE VI

REMEDIES

Section 601. 

Events of Default 

54

Section 602. 

Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 

56

Section 603. 

Other Remedies; Collection Suit by Trustee 

57

Section 604. 

Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 

57

Section 605. 

Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Notes 

57

Section 606. 

Application of Money Collected 

57

Section 607. 

Limitation on Suits 

58

Section 608. 

[Reserved] 

58

Section 609. 

Restoration of Rights and Remedies 

58

Section 610. 

Rights and Remedies Cumulative 

58

Section 611. 

Delay or Omission Not Waiver 

58

Section 612. 

Control by Holders 

58

Section 613. 

Waiver of Past Defaults 

59

Section 614. 

Undertaking for Costs 

59

Section 615. 

Waiver of Stay, Extension or Usury Laws 

59

Section 616. 

Cured Default 

60

-ii-

ARTICLE VII

THE TRUSTEE

Section 701. 

Certain Duties and Responsibilities 

60

Section 702. 

Notice of Defaults 

60

Section 703. 

Certain Rights of Trustee 

61

Section 704. 

Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Notes 

62

Section 705. 

May Hold Notes 

62

Section 706. 

Money Held in Trust 

62

Section 707. 

Compensation and Reimbursement 

62

Section 708. 

[Reserved] 

63

Section 709. 

Corporate Trustee Required; Eligibility 

63

Section 710. 

Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor 

63

Section 711. 

Acceptance of Appointment by Successor 

64

Section 712. 

Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business 

64

Section 713. 

[Reserved] 

64

Section 714. 

Appointment of Authenticating Agent 

65

ARTICLE VIII

HOLDERS LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE AND THE COMPANY

Section 801. 

The Company to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders 

65

Section 802. 

Preservation of Information; Communications to Holders 

65

Section 803. 

[Reserved]. 

65

ARTICLE IX

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT OR WAIVER

Section 901. 

Without Consent of Holders 

65

Section 902. 

With Consent of Holders 

66

Section 903. 

Execution of Amendments, Supplements or Waivers 

67

Section 904. 

Revocation and Effect of Consents 

67

Section 905. 

[Reserved] 

67

Section 906. 

Notation on or Exchange of Notes 

67

ARTICLE X

REDEMPTION OF NOTES

Section 1001. 

Applicability of Article 

67

Section 1002. 

[Reserved] 

68

Section 1003. 

Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee 

68

Section 1004. 

Selection by Trustee of Notes to Be Redeemed 

68

Section 1005. 

Notice of Redemption 

68

Section 1006. 

Deposit of Redemption Price 

69

Section 1007. 

Notes Payable on Redemption Date 

69

Section 1008. 

Notes Redeemed in Part 

69

Section 1009. 

Optional Redemption 

69

-iii-

ARTICLE XI

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

Section 1101. 

Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 

71

Section 1102. 

[Reserved] 

72

Section 1103. 

Application of Trust Money 

72

ARTICLE XII

DEFEASANCE OR COVENANT DEFEASANCE

Section 1201. 

The Companys Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 

72

Section 1202. 

Defeasance and Discharge 

72

Section 1203. 

Covenant Defeasance 

73

Section 1204. 

Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 

73

Section 1205. 

Deposited Money and U.S. Government Obligations to Be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions 

74

Section 1206. 

Reinstatement 

74

Section 1207. 

Repayments to the Company 

74

ARTICLE XIII

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES

Section 1301. 

Guarantees Generally 

75

Section 1302. 

Continuing Guarantees 

76

Section 1303. 

Release of Subsidiary Guarantees 

76

Section 1304. 

[Reserved] 

77

Section 1305. 

Waiver of Subrogation 

77

Section 1306. 

Notation Not Required 

77

Section 1307. 

Successors and Assigns of Subsidiary Guarantors 

77

Section 1308. 

Execution and Delivery of Subsidiary Guarantees 

77

Section 1309. 

Notices 

77

Exhibit A 

Form of Note

Exhibit B 

[Reserved]

Exhibit C 

Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership

Exhibit D 

Form of Regulation S Certificate

Exhibit E 

Form of Supplemental Indenture in Respect of Subsidiary Guarantees

Exhibit F 

Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional Accredited Investors

-iv-

INDENTURE, dated as of March 6, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Indenture), among WEX Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, as
issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time parties hereto, and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee.

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, the Company (as defined herein) has duly authorized the creation of an issue of $550,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 6.500% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Initial Notes); and

WHEREAS, the Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture:

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company, each Subsidiary Guarantor and the Trustee agree as follows for the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders (as defined herein):

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS

OF GENERAL APPLICATION

Section 101. Definitions.

Additional Notes means any additional Notes (other than the Initial Notes) issued from time to time under this Indenture in accordance with Section 303.

Affiliate of any specified Person means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this
definition, control when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms
controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

Applicable Premium means, with respect to a Note at any Redemption Date, the greater of (i) 1.00% of the principal amount of such Note and (ii) the excess of (A) the present value at such Redemption Date, of
(1) the redemption price of such Note on March 15, 2028 (such redemption price being that described in the first paragraph of Section 1009), plus (2) all required remaining scheduled interest payments due on such Note through such date
(excluding accrued and unpaid interest to the Redemption Date), computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points, over (B) the principal amount of such Note on such Redemption Date, as calculated by the Company or on
behalf of the Company by such Person as the Company shall designate; provided that such calculation or verification of such calculation shall not be a duty or obligation of the Trustee.

Asset Disposition means any sale, lease, transfer or other disposition of shares of Capital Stock of a Subsidiary (other than directors qualifying shares, or (in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary) to the
extent required by applicable law), property or other assets (each referred to for the purposes of this definition as a disposition) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including any disposition by means of a merger, consolidation
or similar transaction).

Attributable Debt in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, at any date of determination, (a) if the Sale and Leaseback Transaction is a Capitalized Lease Obligation, the amount of Indebtedness
represented thereby according to the definition of Capitalized Lease Obligation, and (b) in all other instances, the lesser of:

(1) the Fair Market Value of the Property subject to the Sale and Leaseback Transaction, and

(2) the present value (discounted at the interest rate borne by the Notes, compounded annually) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments (other than amounts required to be
paid on account of property taxes, maintenance, repairs, insurance, water rates and other items which do not constitute payments for property rights) during the remaining term of the lease included in the Sale and Leaseback Transaction (including
any period for which the lease has been extended).

-1-

Authenticating Agent means any Person authorized by the Trustee pursuant to Section 714 to act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate Notes.

Bank Products Agreement means any agreement pursuant to which a bank or other financial institution agrees to provide (a) treasury services, (b) credit card, debit card, merchant card, purchasing card,
stored value card, non-card electronic payable or similar services (including, without limitation, the processing of payments and other administrative services with respect thereto), (c) cash management or related services (including, without
limitation, controlled disbursements, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, netting, overdrafts, depository, lockbox, stop payment, electronic funds transfer, information reporting, wire transfer and interstate depository network
services) and (d) other banking, financial or treasury products or services as may be requested by the Company or any Subsidiary (other than letters of credit and other than loans and advances except indebtedness arising from services described in
clauses (a) through (c) of this definition), including for the avoidance of doubt, bank guarantees.

Bank Products Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person pursuant to any Bank Products Agreement.

Bank Regulated Subsidiary means (i) any Regulated Bank or (ii) any Subsidiary of a Regulated Bank all of the common stock of which is owned directly or indirectly by such Regulated Bank.

Bank Term Funding Program means the bank term funding program created on March 12, 2023 by the Federal Reserve, as may be amended or replaced from time to time, or any successor program.

Board of Directors means, for any Person, the board of directors or other governing body of such Person or, if such Person does not have such a board of directors or other governing body and is owned or
managed by a single entity, the board of directors or other governing body of such entity or, in either case, any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board of directors or other governing body. Unless otherwise provided,
Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Day means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banking institutions are authorized or required by law to close in New York City (or any other city in which a Paying
Agent maintains its office).

Capital Stock of any Person means any and all shares or units of, rights to purchase, warrants or options (including any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction) for, or other equivalents of or interests in (however
designated) equity of such Person, including any Preferred Stock, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity.

Capitalized Lease Obligation means an obligation that is required to be classified and accounted for as a capitalized lease for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. The Stated Maturity of any
Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be the date of the last payment of rent or any other amount due under the related lease.

Card Scheme means any credit, debit, charge card or other similar scheme.

Cash Equivalents means any of the following: (a) money, (b) securities issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States of America, Canada or a member state of the European Union or any agency or
instrumentality of any thereof, (c) time deposits, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of (i) any bank or other institutional lender under any Senior Credit Facility or any affiliate thereof or (ii) any commercial bank having capital
and surplus in excess of $500.0 million (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof as of the date of such investment) and the commercial paper and variable and fixed rate notes of any Person which is rated at least A-2 or the equivalent thereof by
S&P or at least P-2 or the equivalent thereof by Moodys (or, if at such time neither is issuing ratings, a comparable rating of another nationally recognized rating agency), (d) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than thirty (30)
days for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (b) and (c) above entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (c)(i) or (c)(ii) above, (e) money market instruments, commercial paper or
other short-term obligations rated at least A-2 or the equivalent thereof by S&P or at least P-2 or the equivalent thereof by Moodys (or, if at such time neither is issuing ratings, a comparable rating of another nationally recognized rating
agency), (f) investments in money market funds subject to the risk limiting conditions of Rule 2a-7 or any successor rule of the SEC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (g) investments similar to any of the foregoing denominated
in foreign currencies approved by the Board of Directors, (h) direct obligations issued by any state of the United States or any political subdivision thereof having one of the two highest rating categories obtainable from either S&P or
Moodys, or (i) demand deposit accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business.

-2-

Change of Control means:

(i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, as in effect on the Issue Date), other than a Parent, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5
under the Exchange Act, as in effect on the Issue Date), directly or indirectly, of more than 50.0% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Company provided that so long as the Company is a Subsidiary of any Parent, no person shall
be deemed to be or become a beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50.0% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Company unless such person shall be or become a beneficial owner of more than 50.0% of the total
voting power of the Voting Stock of such Parent (other than a Parent that is a Subsidiary of another Parent) or

(ii) the Company sells or transfers, in one or a series of related transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another Person (other than the
Company or its Subsidiaries) and any person (as defined in clause (i) above), other than any Parent, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as so defined), directly or indirectly, of more than 50.0% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of
the transferee Person in such sale or transfer of assets, as the case may be provided that so long as such transferee Person is a Subsidiary of a parent Person, no person shall be deemed to be or become a beneficial owner of more than 50.0% of
the total voting power of the Voting Stock of such transferee Person unless such person shall be or become a beneficial owner of more than 50.0% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of such parent Person (other than a parent Person
that is a Subsidiary of another parent Person).

Notwithstanding the preceding or any provision of Section 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, (i) a Person or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own Voting Stock subject to a stock or asset purchase agreement, merger
agreement, option agreement, warrant agreement or similar agreement (or voting or option or similar agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the acquisition of the Voting Stock in connection with the transactions contemplated by such
agreement, (ii) a Person or group will not be deemed to beneficially own the Voting Stock of another Person as a result of its ownership of Voting Stock or other securities of such other Persons parent entity (or related contractual rights) unless
it owns 50% or more of the total voting power of the Voting Stock entitled to vote for the election of directors of such parent entity having a majority of the aggregate votes on the board of directors (or similar body) of such parent entity and
(iii) the right to acquire Voting Stock (so long as such Person does not have the right to direct the voting of the Voting Stock subject to such right) or any veto power in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Voting Stock will not
cause a party to be a beneficial owner.

Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both (i) a Change of Control and (ii) a Rating Decline.

Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

Commodities Agreement means, in respect of a Person, any commodity futures contract, forward contract, option or similar agreement or arrangement (including derivative agreements or arrangements), as to
which such Person is a party or beneficiary.

-3-

Common Stock means with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests or other participations in, and other equivalents (whether voting or nonvoting) of such Persons common stock, whether or not
outstanding on the Issue Date, and includes, without limitation, all series and classes of such common stock.

Company means WEX Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any successor in interest thereto.

Company Request and Company Order mean, respectively, a written request, order or consent signed in the name of the Company by an Officer of the Company.

Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, the Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus (x) the following to the extent
deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income, without duplication: (i) provision for all taxes (whether or not paid, estimated or accrued) based on income, profits or capital (including penalties and interest, if any), (ii) Consolidated
Interest Expense, all items excluded from the definition of Consolidated Interest Expense pursuant to clause (iii) thereof (other than expenses related to a Permitted Securitization Transaction), any financing fees related to a Permitted
Securitization Transaction, and to the extent not reflected in Consolidated Interest Expense, costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities, (iii) depreciation, (iv) amortization (including but not limited to amortization of
goodwill and intangibles and amortization and write-off of financing costs), (v) any non-cash charges, expenses or non-cash losses, (vi) any expenses or charges related to any Equity Offering, Investment, Indebtedness or the Share Repurchase
(whether or not consummated or incurred), (vii) the amount of any loss attributable to non-controlling interests, (viii) all deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid in connection with any early extinguishment of Hedging Obligations
or other derivative instruments, (ix) [reserved], (x) interest and investment income, (xi) the amount of loss on any Permitted Securitization Transaction, (xii) any costs or expenses pursuant to any management or employee stock option or other
equity-related plan, program or arrangement, or other benefit plan, program or arrangement, or any equity subscription or equityholder agreement, to the extent funded with cash proceeds contributed to the capital of the Company or an issuance of
Capital Stock of the Company (other than Disqualified Stock), (xiii) the amount that the Company in good faith reasonably believes would have been realized or achieved as a contribution to Consolidated EBITDA as a result of contractual rebate terms
in effect following any Material Acquisition as if such rebate terms had been in effect at all times during the relevant period, (xiv) revenues (net of associated expenses), on a run rate basis, projected to be realizable in future periods of
comparable length, attributable to new customers and new contracts projected by the Company in good faith to be attributed to such customers and contracts in connection with any Material Acquisition during the applicable period (without duplication
of any actual revenues relating to such customers and contracts) plus (xv)(x) any charge, fee, expense, cost, accrual or reserve of any kind incurred during such
period and attributable to, or (y) the amount of any run rate cost savings, expense reductions, other operating changes, improvements, optimizations, actions and initiatives, synergies (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt for purposes of this
clause (y), revenue synergies, projected increases in revenues or other revenue enhancements) projected by the Company to result from action either taken or expected to be taken on or prior to the date that is 24 months after the Issue Date or 24
months after any Investment, acquisition (including the commencement of activities constituting a business) or disposition (including the termination or discontinuance of activities constituting a business) or the consummation of any operational
change, expanded operations, improvement, optimization, actions or initiative (including to the extent applicable, in connection with retention, severance, consolidation, or any tax or other restructuring), respectively (calculated on a pro forma
basis as though such cost savings had been realized on the first day of such period), net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions (which adjustments may be incremental to pro forma adjustments made pursuant to
the proviso to the definition of Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio).

In addition to, and without limitation of, the foregoing, for purposes of this definition, Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated on each date of determination on a pro forma basis, including to give effect to any
Consolidated EBITDA attributable to any Material Acquisition or Material Disposition during the applicable period, as if such Material Acquisition or Material Disposition occurred on the first day of the applicable period. As used in this
definition, Material Acquisition means any acquisition that involves the payment of consideration by the Company and its Subsidiaries in excess of $10,000,000; and Material Disposition means any disposition of property or series of related
dispositions of property that yields gross proceeds to the Company and its Subsidiaries in excess of $10,000,000.

Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any period, (i) the total interest expense of the Company and its Subsidiaries, net of any interest income of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including without
limitation, any such interest expense consisting of (A) interest expense attributable to Capitalized Lease Obligations and Synthetic Lease Obligations, (B) amortization of debt discount, (C) interest in respect of Indebtedness of any other Person
that has been Guaranteed by the Company or any Subsidiary, but only to the extent that such interest is actually paid by the Company or any Subsidiary, (D) non-cash interest expense, (E) the interest portion of any deferred payment obligation, and
(F) commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing, plus (ii) Preferred Stock dividends paid in cash in respect of Disqualified
Stock of the Company held by Persons other than the Company or a Subsidiary, minus (iii) to the extent otherwise included in such interest expense referred to in clause (i) above, amortization or write-off
of financing costs, finance expenses with respect to a Permitted Securitization Transaction, accretion or accrual of discounted liabilities not constituting Indebtedness, expense resulting from discounting of Indebtedness in conjunction with
recapitalization or purchase accounting, and any additional interest in respect of registration rights arrangements for any securities, in each case under clauses (i) through (iii) above as determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with
GAAP; providedthat gross interest expense shall be determined after giving effect to any net payments made or received by the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to Interest Rate Agreements.

-4-

Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, the net income (loss) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and before any reduction in respect of
Preferred Stock dividends; providedthat, without duplication, there shall not be included in such Consolidated Net Income:

(i) any net income (loss) of any Person if such Person is not the Company or a Subsidiary, except that the Companys or any Subsidiarys net income for such period shall be increased by the
aggregate amount actually dividended or distributed or that (as determined by the Company in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive) could have been dividended or distributed by such Person during such period to the Company or a
Subsidiary as a dividend or other distribution (subject, in the case of a dividend or other distribution to a Subsidiary, to the limitations contained in clause (ii) below),

(ii) [reserved],

(iii) (x) any gain or loss realized upon the sale, abandonment or other disposition of any asset of the Company or any Subsidiary (including pursuant
to any Sale and Leaseback Transaction) that is not sold, abandoned or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business (as determined by the Company in good faith) and (y) any gain or loss realized
upon the disposal, abandonment or discontinuation of operations of the Company or any Subsidiary,

(iv) any extraordinary, unusual or nonrecurring gain, loss or charge (including fees, expenses and charges (or any amortization thereof) associated with the Financing Transactions or any
acquisition, merger, consolidation or disposition, whether or not completed), any severance, relocation, consolidation, closing, integration, facilities opening, business optimization, transition or restructuring costs, charges or expenses, any
signing, retention or completion bonuses, and any costs associated with curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans,

(v) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles,

(vi) all deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid in connection with any early extinguishment of Indebtedness or Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments,

(vii) any unrealized gains or losses in respect of Hedge Agreements,

(viii) any unrealized foreign currency transaction gains or losses, including in respect of Indebtedness of any Person denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of such
Person,

-5-

(ix) any non-cash compensation charge arising from any grant of limited liability company interests, stock, stock options or other equity based awards,

(x) to the extent otherwise included in Consolidated Net Income, any unrealized foreign currency translation or transaction gains or losses, including in respect of Indebtedness or other
obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary owing to the Company or any Subsidiary,

(xi) any non-cash charge, expense or other impact attributable to application of the purchase or recapitalization method of accounting (including the total amount of depreciation and
amortization, cost of sales or other non-cash expense resulting from the write-up of assets to the extent resulting from such purchase or recapitalization accounting adjustments), non-cash charges for deferred tax valuation allowances and non-cash
gains, losses, income and expenses resulting from fair value accounting required by the applicable standard under GAAP,

(xii) any impairment charge or asset write-off, including any charge or write-off related to intangible assets, long-lived assets or investments in debt and equity securities, and any
amortization of intangibles,

(xiii) expenses related to non-cash compensation related expenses,

(xiv)any fees and expenses (or amortization thereof), and any charges or costs, in connection with any acquisition,
Investment, Asset Disposition, issuance of Capital Stock, issuance, repayment or refinancing of Indebtedness, or amendment or modification of any agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness (in each case, whether or not completed, and
including any such transaction consummated prior to the Issue Date), and

(xv) to the extent covered by insurance and actually reimbursed (or the Company has determined that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will be reimbursed by the insurer and such
amount is not denied by the applicable insurer in writing within 180 days and is reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such evidence (with a deduction in any future calculation of Consolidated Net Income for any amount so added back to the
extent not so reimbursed within such 365 day period)), any expenses with respect to liability or casualty events or business interruption,

provided, further, that the exclusion of any item pursuant to the foregoing clauses (i) through (xv) shall also exclude the tax impact of any such item, if applicable.

Consolidated Net Worth means, as of any date of determination, all items which in conformity with GAAP would be included under shareholders equity on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its
Subsidiaries at such date.

Consolidated Secured Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, (i) an amount equal to the sum of, without duplication, Consolidated Total Indebtedness (without regard to clause (ii) of the
definition thereof) and any Ratio Tested Committed Amount as of such date that, in each case, is then secured by Liens on property or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than property or assets held in a defeasance or similar trust or
arrangement for the benefit of the Indebtedness secured thereby) minus cash, Cash Equivalents and Temporary Cash Investments held by the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than the Bank Regulated
Subsidiaries) as of the end of the most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company ending prior to the date of such determination for which consolidated financial statements of the Company are available. For purposes of this
definition, Consolidated Secured Indebtedness shall not include Operating Indebtedness.

Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (i) Consolidated Secured Indebtedness as at such date (after giving effect to any Incurrence or Discharge of
Indebtedness on such date) to (ii) the aggregate amount of Consolidated EBITDA for the period of the most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company ending prior to the date of such determination for which consolidated financial
statements of the Company are available, provided that:

(1) if, since the beginning of such period, the Company or any Subsidiary shall have made a Sale (including any Sale occurring in connection with a transaction causing a calculation to be
made hereunder), the Consolidated EBITDA for such period shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable to the assets that are the subject of such Sale for such period or increased by an amount equal to
the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto for such period;

-6-

(2) if, since the beginning of such period, the Company or any Subsidiary (by merger, consolidation or otherwise) shall have made a Purchase (including any Purchase occurring in connection
with a transaction causing a calculation to be made hereunder), Consolidated EBITDA for such period shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Purchase occurred on the first day of such period; and

(3) if, since the beginning of such period, any Person became a Subsidiary or was merged or consolidated with or into the Company or any Subsidiary, and since the beginning of such period
such Person shall have made any Sale or Purchase that would have required an adjustment pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above if made by the Company or a Subsidiary since the beginning of such period, Consolidated EBITDA for such period shall be
calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Sale or Purchase occurred on the first day of such period.

For purposes of this definition, whenever pro forma effect is to be given to any Sale, Purchase or other transaction, or the amount of income or earnings relating thereto, the pro forma calculations in respect thereof
(including, without limitation, in respect of anticipated cost savings or synergies relating to any such Sale, Purchase or other transaction) shall be as determined in good faith by the Chief Financial Officer or another authorized Officer of the
Company.

Consolidated Total Assets means, as of any date of determination, the total assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Total Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of such date
consisting of (without duplication) Indebtedness for borrowed money, (including Purchase Money Obligations and unreimbursed outstanding drawn amounts under funded letters of credit); Capitalized Lease Obligations; debt obligations evidenced by
bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments; Disqualified Stock, determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (excluding (x) items eliminated in Consolidation and (y) Hedging Obligations), minus (ii)

the sum of cash, Cash Equivalents and Temporary Cash Investments held by the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than the Bank Regulated Subsidiaries) as of such date minus (iii) the amount (not to exceed
$400,000,000 in the aggregate) of indebtedness constituting Indebtedness under Permitted Securitization Transactions. For purposes of this definition, Consolidated Total Indebtedness shall not include Operating Indebtedness.

Consolidation means the consolidation of the accounts of each of the Subsidiaries with those of the Company in accordance with GAAP. The term Consolidated has a
correlative meaning.

Contingent Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing any obligation that does not constitute Indebtedness (a primary obligation) of any other Person (the
primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (1) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting
direct or indirect security therefor, (2) to advance or supply funds (a) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation, or (b) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net
worth or solvency of the primary obligor, or (3) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary
obligation against loss in respect thereof.

Convertible Indebtedness means Indebtedness of the Company or a Subsidiary which is guaranteed by the Company or a Subsidiary or Indebtedness of the Company or a Subsidiary permitted to be incurred hereunder
that is either (1) convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock of the Company (and cash in lieu of fractional shares) or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such Common Stock) or (2) sold as units with call options,
warrants or rights to purchase (or substantially equivalent derivative transactions) that are exercisable for Common Stock of the Company or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such Common Stock).

-7-

Corporate Trust Office means the office of the Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business related to this Indenture shall be administered, which
office on the Issue Date is located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013.

Credit Facilities means one or more of (i) the Senior Credit Facilities, and (ii) any other facilities or arrangements designated by the Company, in each case with one or
more banks or other lenders or institutions providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, receivables, inventory or real estate financings (including without limitation through the sale of receivables, inventory, real estate and/or other assets
to such institutions or to special purpose entities formed to borrow from such institutions against such receivables, inventory, real estate and/or other assets or the creation of any Liens in respect of such receivables, inventory, real estate
and/or other assets in favor of such institutions), letters of credit or other Indebtedness, in each case, including all agreements, instruments and documents executed and delivered pursuant to or in connection with any of the foregoing, including
but not limited to any notes and letters of credit issued pursuant thereto and any guarantee and collateral agreement, patent, trademark and copyright security agreement, mortgages or letter of credit applications and other guarantees, pledge
agreements, security agreements and collateral documents, in each case as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time, or refunded, refinanced, restructured, replaced, renewed, repaid, increased or extended
from time to time (whether in whole or in part, whether with the original banks, lenders or institutions or other banks, lenders, institutions or otherwise, and whether provided under any original Credit Facility or one or more other credit
agreements, indentures, financing agreements or other Credit Facilities or otherwise). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Credit Facility shall include any agreement (i) changing the maturity of any Indebtedness Incurred
thereunder or contemplated thereby, (ii) adding Subsidiaries as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder, (iii) increasing the amount of Indebtedness Incurred thereunder or available to be borrowed thereunder or (iv) otherwise altering the
terms and conditions thereof.

Credit Facility Indebtedness means any and all amounts, whether outstanding on the Issue Date or thereafter Incurred, payable under or in respect of any Credit Facility, including without limitation principal,
premium (if any), interest (including interest accruing on or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or for reorganization relating to the Company or any Subsidiary whether or not a claim for post-filing
interest is allowed in such proceedings), fees, charges, expenses, reimbursement obligations, guarantees, other monetary obligations of any nature and all other amounts payable thereunder or in respect thereof.

Currency Agreement means, in respect of a Person, any foreign exchange contract, currency swap agreement or other similar agreement or arrangements (including derivative agreements or arrangements), as to
which such Person is a party or a beneficiary.

Default means any event or condition that is, or after notice or passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default.

Depositary means The Depository Trust Company, its nominees and successors.

Derivative Instrument with respect to a Person, means any contract, instrument or other right to receive payment or delivery of cash or other assets to which such Person or any Affiliate of such Person that is
acting in concert with such Person in connection with such Persons investment in the Notes (other than a Screened Affiliate) is a party (whether or not requiring further performance by such Person), the value or cash flows of which (or any
material portion thereof) are materially affected by the value or performance of the Notes or the creditworthiness of the Company or any one or more of the Subsidiary Guarantors (the Performance References).

Designated Regulatory Cash means cash deposited from time to time into one or more segregated bank accounts of the Company and its Subsidiaries that is required to be retained in order to comply with
applicable banking or finance law and regulations.

-8-

Disqualified Stock means, with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock that by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable or exercisable) or upon
the happening of any event (other than following the occurrence of a Change of Control or other similar event described under such terms as a change of control, or an Asset Disposition or other disposition) (i) matures or is mandatorily
redeemable pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (ii) is convertible or exchangeable for Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock or (iii) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than following the occurrence of a Change of
Control or other similar event described under such terms as a change of control, or an Asset Disposition or other disposition), in whole or in part, in each case on or prior to the final Stated Maturity of the Notes; provided that
Capital Stock issued to any employee benefit plan, or by any such plan to any employees of the Company or any Subsidiary, shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased or otherwise acquired or retired
in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations.

Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company other than a Foreign Subsidiary.

Electronic Money means electronically, including magnetically, stored monetary value as represented by a claim on the issuer which is issued on receipt of funds for the purpose of making payment transactions,
and which is accepted by a natural or legal person other than the electronic money issuer.

Electronic Money Institution means a legal person authorized under the relevant laws or regulations of its home jurisdiction to issue Electronic Money.

End Users means any person holding or otherwise beneficially entitled to the proceeds of any payment service facility or account provided or otherwise made available by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(including, without limitation, any customer which has accepted the terms and conditions, from time to time, in respect of such facility or account).

Equity Offering means a sale of Capital Stock (x) that is a sale of Capital Stock of the Company (other than Disqualified Stock or sales to Subsidiaries of the Company) or (y) that is a sale of Capital Stock
of a direct or indirect parent of the Company the proceeds of which in an amount equal to or exceeding the Redemption Amount are contributed to the common equity capital of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than proceeds from a sale to
Subsidiaries of Capital Stock of the Company).

Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.

Excluded Domestic Guaranty Subsidiary means (a) any Bank Regulated Subsidiary and any of their respective Subsidiaries, (b) any Immaterial Subsidiary, (c) each Permitted Securitization Entity and (d) any
Domestic Subsidiary to the extent that the execution and delivery of the Subsidiary Guaranty would not be legally permissible or would require any governmental or regulatory consent, approval, license or authorization (unless such consent,
approval, license or authorization has been obtained), or would otherwise result in an undue burden, as determined in good faith by the Company; provided that no Subsidiary may be an Excluded Domestic Guaranty Subsidiary if such Subsidiary
Guarantees or is otherwise obligated to pay any Indebtedness of the Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor under any of the Senior Credit Facilities (or any refinancing or replacements thereof in the form of long-term senior secured Indebtedness).

Factorable Receivables means accounts receivable of the Company and its Subsidiaries that (a) are produced in the ordinary course of business and (b) are not contingent upon any further performance by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Fair Market Value means, with respect to any asset or property, the fair market value of such asset or property as determined in good faith by senior management of the Company or the Board of Directors, whose
determination shall be conclusive.

-9-

FDIC means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

Federal Reservemeans the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States, together with its constituent banks and agencies.

FHLB Financing has the meaning set forth in the definition of Operating Indebtedness.

Financing Transactions means, collectively, any or all of the following: (i) the entry into this Indenture, and the offer and issuance of the Notes and the application of the proceeds thereof, and (ii) all
other transactions relating to any of the foregoing (including payment of fees and expenses related to any of the foregoing).

Fixed GAAP Date means December 31, 2018; provided that at any time after the Issue Date, the Company may by written notice to the Trustee elect to change the Fixed GAAP Date to be the date specified in
such notice, and upon such notice, the Fixed GAAP Date shall be such date for all periods beginning on and after the date specified in such notice.

Fixed GAAP Terms means (a) the definitions of the terms Capitalized Lease Obligation, Consolidated EBITDA, Consolidated Interest Expense, Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Secured Indebtedness,
Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Total Indebtedness, Consolidation, and Receivable, (b) all defined terms in this Indenture to the extent used in or relating to any of the foregoing definitions, and all ratios and
computations based on any of the foregoing definitions, and (c) any other term or provision of this Indenture or the Notes that, at the Companys election, may be specified by the Company by written notice to the Trustee from time to time.

Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company (a) that is not organized under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and any Subsidiary of such
Foreign Subsidiary (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Subsidiary of the Company which is organized and existing under the laws of Puerto Rico or any other territory of the United States of America), or (b) that has no material assets other
than securities or indebtedness of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries (or Subsidiaries thereof), intellectual property relating to such Foreign Subsidiaries (or Subsidiaries thereof), and/or other assets (including cash, Cash Equivalents and
Temporary Cash Investments) relating to an ownership interest in any such securities, indebtedness, intellectual property or Subsidiaries.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect on the Fixed GAAP Date (for purposes of the Fixed GAAP Terms) and as in effect from time to time (for all other
purposes under this Indenture), including those set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, and subject to the following sentence. If at any time the SEC permits or requires U.S. domiciled companies subject
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act to use IFRS in lieu of GAAP for financial reporting purposes, the Company may elect under this Indenture by written notice to the Trustee to so use IFRS in lieu of GAAP and, upon any such notice,
references herein to GAAP shall thereafter be construed to mean (a) for periods beginning on and after the date specified in such notice, IFRS as in effect on the date specified in such notice (for purposes of the Fixed GAAP Terms) and as in effect
from time to time (for all other purposes under this Indenture) and (b) for prior periods, GAAP as defined in the first sentence of this definition. All ratios and computations based on GAAP contained in this Indenture shall be computed in
conformity with GAAP.

Guarantee means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of any Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person; provided that the term Guarantee
shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term Guarantee used as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Guarantor Subordinated Obligations means, with respect to a Subsidiary Guarantor, any Indebtedness of such Subsidiary Guarantor (whether outstanding on the Issue Date or thereafter Incurred) that is
expressly subordinated in right of payment to the obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor under its Subsidiary Guarantee of the Notes pursuant to a written agreement.

-10-

Guarantor Supplemental Indenture means a Supplemental Indenture, to be entered into substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E.

Hedge Agreements means, collectively, Interest Rate Agreements, Currency Agreements and Commodities Agreements.

Hedging Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person pursuant to any Interest Rate Agreement, Currency Agreement or Commodities Agreement.

Holder or Noteholder means, the Person in whose name a Note is registered in the Note Register.

IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards and applicable accounting requirements set by the International Accounting Standards Board or any successor thereto (or the Financial Accounting Standards
Board, the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, or any successor to either such board, or the SEC, as the case may be), as in effect from time to time.

Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary designated as an Immaterial Subsidiary by the Company; provided (i) that all Immaterial Subsidiaries may not, as of the end of each fiscal quarter of the
Company, together with their respective subsidiaries, account for more than 10% of the Consolidated Total Assets, 10% of the Consolidated Net Worth or 10% of the consolidated revenues of the Company for the period of four consecutive fiscal
quarters immediately preceding such date and (ii) that any Subsidiary that, together with its respective Subsidiaries, accounts for more than 5% of the Consolidated Total Assets, Consolidated Net Worth or consolidated revenues of the Company for
such period shall not be deemed to be an Immaterial Subsidiary.

Incur means issue, assume, enter into any Guarantee of, incur or otherwise become liable for; and the terms Incurs, Incurred and Incurrence shall have a correlative meaning; provided
that any Indebtedness or Capital Stock of a Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary (whether by merger, consolidation, acquisition or otherwise) shall be deemed to be Incurred by such Subsidiary at the time it becomes a
Subsidiary. Accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness, and the payment of dividends on Capital Stock constituting Indebtedness in the form of additional shares of the same
class of Capital Stock, will be deemed not to be an Incurrence of Indebtedness. Any Indebtedness issued at a discount (including Indebtedness on which interest is payable through the issuance of additional Indebtedness) shall be deemed Incurred at
the time of original issuance of the Indebtedness at the initial accreted amount thereof.

Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person on any date of determination (without duplication):

(i) the principal of indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money;

(ii) the principal of obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments;

(iii) all reimbursement obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances or other similar instruments (the amount of such obligations being equal at any time to
the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of such letters of credit, bankers acceptances or other instruments plus the aggregate amount of drawings thereunder that have not then been reimbursed);

(iv) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase price of property (except Trade Payables), which purchase price is due more than one year after the date of placing
such property in final service or taking final delivery and title thereto;

(v) all Capitalized Lease Obligations and Synthetic Lease Obligations of such Person;

-11-

(vi) the redemption, repayment or other repurchase amount of such Person with respect to any Disqualified Stock of such Person or (if such Person is a Subsidiary of the Company other than a
Subsidiary Guarantor) any Preferred Stock of such Subsidiary, but excluding, in each case, any accrued dividends (the amount of such obligation to be equal at any time to the maximum fixed involuntary redemption, repayment or repurchase price for
such Capital Stock, or if less (or if such Capital Stock has no such fixed price), to the involuntary redemption, repayment or repurchase price therefor calculated in accordance with the terms thereof as if then redeemed, repaid or repurchased, and
if such price is based upon or measured by the Fair Market Value of such Capital Stock, such Fair Market Value shall be as determined in good faith by senior management of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company or the Board of Directors
of the issuer of such Capital Stock);

(vii) all Indebtedness of other Persons secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person; provided that the amount of
Indebtedness of such Person shall be the lesser of (A) the Fair Market Value of such asset at such date of determination (as determined in good faith by the Company) and (B) the amount of such Indebtedness of such other Persons;

(viii) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of other Persons, to the extent so Guaranteed by such Person; and

(ix) to the extent not otherwise included in this definition, net Hedging Obligations of such Person (the amount of any such obligation to be equal at any time to the termination value of
such agreement or arrangement giving rise to such Hedging Obligation that would be payable by such Person at such time);

provided that Indebtedness shall not include (i) Contingent Obligations Incurred in the ordinary course of business; (ii) to the extent of any funds that are irrevocably deposited with the Trustee or agent or otherwise for the benefit of
the holders thereof, (iii) to the extent of an irrevocable and unconditional notice of redemption, offer to purchase or notice of prepayment under the instrument governing such indebtedness has been delivered, in each case, in connection with the
redemption, tender, defeasance or other early payment of such indebtedness, either in whole or in part or (iv) relating to the Ongoing PO Holding Obligations in an amount not to exceed the greater of (x) $330.0 million and (y) 30% of Consolidated
EBITDA for most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company ending prior to the date of such determination for which consolidated financial statements of the Company are available.

The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any date shall be determined as set forth above or as otherwise provided for in this Indenture, or otherwise shall equal the amount thereof that would appear as a liability
on a balance sheet of such Person (excluding any notes thereto) prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Initial Notes has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this Indenture.

interest, with respect to the Notes, means interest on the Notes.

Interest Payment Date means, when used with respect to any Note and any installment of interest thereon, the date specified in such Note as the fixed date on which such installment of interest is due and
payable, as set forth in such Note.

Interest Rate Agreement means, with respect to any Person, any interest rate protection agreement, future agreement, option agreement, swap agreement, cap agreement, collar agreement, hedge agreement or
other similar agreement or arrangement (including derivative agreements or arrangements), as to which such Person is a party or a beneficiary.

Investment in any Person by any other Person means any direct or indirect advance, loan or other extension of credit (other than to customers, dealers, licensees, franchisees, suppliers, consultants,
directors, officers or employees of any Person in the ordinary course of business) or capital contribution (by means of any transfer of cash or other property to others or any payment for property or services for the account or use of others) to,
or any purchase or acquisition of Capital Stock, Indebtedness or other similar instruments issued by, such Person. Guarantees shall not be deemed to be Investments.

-12-

Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P, or any equivalent rating by any other Rating Agency.

Issue Date means March 6, 2025.

Junior Capital means, collectively, any Indebtedness of the Company that (i) is not secured by any asset of the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) is expressly subordinated to the prior payment in full of the
Notes on terms consistent with those for senior subordinated high yield debt securities issued by U.S. companies (as determined in good faith by the Company, which determination shall be conclusive), (iii) has a final maturity date that is not
earlier than, and provides for no scheduled payments of principal prior to, the date that is 91 days after the maturity of the Notes (other than through conversion or exchange of any such Indebtedness for Capital Stock (other than Disqualified
Stock) of the Company or any other Junior Capital), (iv) has no mandatory redemption or prepayment obligations other than (x) obligations that are subject to the prior payment in full in cash of the Notes or (y) pursuant to an escrow or similar
arrangement with respect to the proceeds of such Junior Capital and (v) does not require the payment of cash interest until the date that is 91 days after the maturity of the Notes.

Lien means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien or charge of any kind (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or lease in the nature thereof).

Limited Condition Transaction means (x) any acquisition, including by way of merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other business combination or the acquisition of Capital Stock or otherwise, by one or more
of the Company and its Subsidiaries of any assets, business or Person or any other Investment whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing or (y) any redemption, repurchase, defeasance,
satisfaction and discharge or repayment of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock requiring irrevocable notice in advance of such redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or prepayment.

Long Derivative Instrument means a Derivative Instrument (i) the value of which generally increases, or the payment or delivery obligations under which generally decrease, with positive changes to the
Performance References or (ii) the value of which generally decreases, or the payment or delivery obligations under which generally increase, with negative changes to the Performance References.

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., and its successors.

Net Short means, with respect to a holder or beneficial owner, as of a date of determination, either (i) the value of its Short Derivative Instruments exceeds the sum of the (x) the value of its Notes plus (y)
the value of its Long Derivative Instruments as of such date of determination or (ii) it is reasonably expected that such would have been the case were a Failure to Pay or Bankruptcy Credit Event (each as defined in the 2014 International Swaps and
Derivatives Association, Inc. Credit Derivatives Definitions, as supplemented by the 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement) to have occurred with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor immediately prior to such date of
determination.

Note Documents means, the Notes (including any Additional Notes), the Subsidiary Guarantees and this Indenture.

Notes means, the Initial Notes and any Additional Notes that are actually issued. The Initial Notes and any Additional Notes subsequently issued under this Indenture will be treated as a single class for all
purposes under this Indenture, including waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase, except for certain waivers and amendments as set forth herein.

Non-U.S. Person means, a Person who is not a U.S. person, as defined in Regulation S.

-13-

Obligations means, with respect to any Indebtedness, any principal, premium (if any), interest (including interest accruing on or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or for reorganization
relating to the Company or any Subsidiary whether or not a claim for post-filing interest is allowed or allowable in such proceedings), fees, charges, expenses, reimbursement obligations, Guarantees of such Indebtedness (or of Obligations in
respect thereof), other monetary obligations of any nature and all other amounts payable thereunder or in respect thereof.

OCC means the United States Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

Offering Memorandum means the final offering memorandum of the Company, dated February 27, 2025, relating to the Initial Notes.

Officer means, with respect to the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes, the Chairman of the Board, the President, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, any Vice President, the
Controller, the Treasurer or the Secretary (a) of such Person or (b) if such Person is owned or managed by a single entity, of such entity (or any other individual designated as an Officer for the purposes of this Indenture by the Board of
Directors).

Officers Certificate means, with respect to the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes, a certificate signed by one Officer of such Person.

Ongoing PO Holding Obligations means ongoing obligations under that certain Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022, by and between SBI and the Company, which obligations are now in effect,
following the termination of the Put Right.

Operating Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, (i) all unsecured Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of the banking operations of any Bank Regulated Subsidiary which is includable as a
liability on the consolidated balance sheet of such Bank Regulated Subsidiary and its consolidated subsidiaries at such date, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, (ii) all Indebtedness of any Bank Regulated Subsidiary
incurred pursuant to Federal Reserves Bank Term Funding Program or any similar programs of the Federal Reserve or State or local banks whether in existence prior to or after the Issue Date and (iii) all Indebtedness of any Bank Regulated
Subsidiary provided by a Federal Home Loan Bank (or its applicable agent or member) or other similar federal program (an FHLB Financing).

Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion from legal counsel who is reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Company or the Trustee.

Outstanding or outstanding, when used with respect to Notes means, as of the date of determination, all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered under this Indenture, except:

(i) Notes theretofore cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;

(ii) Notes for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent in trust for the Holders of such Notes; provided
that, if such Notes are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given pursuant to this Indenture or provision therefor reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee has been made; and

(iii) Notes in exchange for or in lieu of which other Notes have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture.

A Note does not cease to be Outstanding because the Company or any Affiliate of the Company holds the Note (and such Note shall be deemed to be outstanding for purposes of this Indenture); provided that in
determining whether the Holders of the requisite amount of Outstanding Notes have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder, Notes owned by the Company or any Affiliate of the Company shall be
disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding, except that, for the purpose of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, only Notes which a Trust
Officer of the Trustee actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the reasonable satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees
right to act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Company or an Affiliate of the Company.

-14-

Parent means a Person of which the Company becomes a Subsidiary after the Issue Date provided that immediately after the Company first becomes a Subsidiary of such Person, more than 50.0% of the Voting Stock
of such Person shall be held directly or indirectly by one or more Persons that held more than 50.0% of the Voting Stock of the Company or a Parent of the Company immediately prior to the Company first becoming such Subsidiary or (y) such Person
shall be deemed not to be a Parent for the purpose of determining whether a Change of Control shall have occurred by reason of the Company first becoming a Subsidiary of such Person.

Paying Agent means any Person authorized by the Company to pay the principal of (and premium, if any) or interest on any Notes on behalf of the Company; provided that neither the Company nor any of its
Affiliates shall act as Paying Agent for purposes of Section 1103 or Section 1205. The Trustee will initially act as Paying Agent for the Notes.

Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction means any call option, warrant or contractual right to acquire shares of the Companys Common Stock purchased by the Company or a Subsidiary in connection with the
issuance of Convertible Indebtedness by the Company or a Subsidiary (that is guaranteed by the Company or a Subsidiary), the Company or a Subsidiary to hedge the Companys or such Subsidiarys obligations to deliver shares of the Companys Common
Stock under such Indebtedness, in each case on terms that are customary for capped call or call spread transactions entered in connection with the issuance of Convertible Indebtedness; providedthat

the purchase price for such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, less the proceeds received by the Company or a Subsidiary or received by the Company or a Subsidiary from the sale of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction, does not exceed the net
proceeds received by the Company or a Subsidiary from the sale of such Convertible Indebtedness issued in connection with the Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction.

Permitted Factoring Transaction means any sale or other transfer by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Factorable Receivables, which sale or transfer does not involve the creation of any recourse
obligation in respect thereof on the part of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than with respect to matters of title to, and the character of (other than the collectability) of, the Factorable Receivables so sold or transferred), other
than recourse obligations in an outstanding amount not exceeding $25,000,000 at any time.

Permitted Liens means:

(a) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not yet delinquent or the nonpayment of which in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Company or a Subsidiary thereof, as
the case may be, in accordance with GAAP;

(b) Liens with respect to outstanding motor vehicle fines, and carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, landlords, materialmens, repairmens or other like Liens arising in the ordinary
course of business in respect of obligations that are not known to be overdue for a period of more than 60 days or that are bonded or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings;

(c) pledges, deposits or Liens in connection with workers compensation, professional liability insurance, insurance programs, unemployment insurance and other social security and other
similar legislation or other insurance-related obligations (including, without limitation, pledges or deposits securing liability to insurance carriers under insurance or self-insurance arrangements);

(d) pledges, deposits or Liens to secure the performance of bids, tenders, trade, government or other contracts (other than for borrowed money), obligations for utilities, leases (including
bank guarantees thereof), licenses, statutory obligations, completion guarantees, surety, judgment, appeal or performance bonds, other similar bonds, instruments or obligations, and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course
of business;

-15-

(e) easements (including reciprocal easement agreements), rights-of-way, building, zoning and similar restrictions, utility agreements, covenants, reservations, restrictions, encroachments,
charges, and other similar encumbrances or title defects incurred, or leases or subleases granted to others, in the ordinary course of business, which do not in the aggregate materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

(f) Liens existing on, or provided for under written arrangements existing on, the Issue Date, or (in the case of any such Liens securing Indebtedness of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries existing or arising under written arrangements existing on the Issue Date) securing any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness secured under clause (k)(1) of this definition) so long as the
Lien securing such Refinancing Indebtedness is limited to all or part of the same property or assets (plus improvements, accessions, proceeds or dividends or distributions in respect thereof) that secured (or under such written arrangements would
secure) the original Indebtedness;

(g) (i) mortgages, liens, security interests, restrictions, encumbrances or any other matters of record that have been placed by any developer, landlord or other third party on property over
which the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company has easement rights or on any leased property and subordination or similar agreements relating thereto and (ii) any condemnation or eminent domain proceedings affecting any real property;

(h) Liens securing Indebtedness (including Liens securing any Obligations in respect thereof) consisting of Hedging Obligations, Bank Products Obligations, Purchase Money Obligations,
Capitalized Lease Obligations or Synthetic Lease Obligations, and in each case any Refinancing Indebtedness with respect thereto;

(i) Liens arising out of judgments, decrees, orders or awards in respect of which the Company or any Subsidiary shall in good faith be prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review, which
appeal or proceedings shall not have been finally terminated, or if the period within which such appeal or proceedings may be initiated shall not have expired;

(j) leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses to or from third parties;

(k) Liens securing Indebtedness (including Liens securing any Obligations in respect thereof) consisting of:

(1) Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to any Credit Facility (including but not limited to in respect of letters of credit or bankers acceptances issued or created thereunder) and Indebtedness
Incurred other than pursuant to any Credit Facility, and (without limiting the foregoing), in each case, any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, (I) in a principal amount at any time outstanding not exceeding in the aggregate the amount
equal to (A) $4,304.6 million, plus (B) the greater of (x) $825.0 million and (y) 75.0% of Consolidated EBITDA for the period of the most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company ending prior to the date of such determination for
which consolidated financial statements of the Company are available, plus (C) in the event of any refinancing of any such Indebtedness, the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses (including accrued
and unpaid interest) Incurred or payable in connection with such refinancing, and (II) in an unlimited amount, if on the date of the Incurrence of such Indebtedness (other than any such Refinancing Indebtedness), after giving effect to such
Incurrence (or, at the Companys option, on the date of the initial borrowing of such Indebtedness or entry into the definitive agreement providing the commitment to fund such Indebtedness after giving pro forma effect to the Incurrence of the
entire committed amount of such Indebtedness (such committed amount, a Ratio Tested Committed Amount), in which case such Ratio Tested Committed Amount may thereafter be borrowed and reborrowed, in whole or in part, from time to time,
without further compliance with this covenant) the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio would be equal to or less than 4.00:1.00; and (in the case of this subclause (II)) any Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to any such Indebtedness (or Ratio
Tested Committed Amount);

-16-

(2) [reserved];

(3) Indebtedness (A) supported by a letter of credit issued pursuant to any Credit Facility in a principal amount not exceeding the face amount of such letter of credit or (B) consisting of
accommodation guarantees for the benefit of trade creditors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(4) Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary (A) arising from the honoring of a check, draft or similar instrument of such Person drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course
of business, or (B) consisting of guarantees, indemnities, obligations in respect of earnouts or other purchase price adjustments, or similar obligations, Incurred in connection with the acquisition or disposition of any business, assets or Person;

(5) Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of (A) letters of credit, bankers acceptances or other similar instruments or obligations issued, or relating to liabilities or
obligations incurred, in the ordinary course of business (including those issued to governmental entities in connection with self-insurance under applicable workers compensation statutes), (B) completion guarantees, surety, judgment, appeal or
performance bonds, or other similar bonds, instruments or obligations, provided, or relating to liabilities or obligations incurred, in the ordinary course of business, including in respect of liabilities or obligations of franchisees, (C) Hedging
Obligations, (D) indebtedness incurred to any director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to finance the repurchase or other acquisition of Capital Stock of the Company or any Subsidiary to repurchase from any director,
officer or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time not to exceed $30.0 million, (E) the financing of insurance premiums in the ordinary course of business, (F) take-or-pay
obligations under supply arrangements incurred in the ordinary course of business, (G) netting, overdraft protection and other arrangements arising under standard business terms of any bank at which the Company or any Subsidiary maintains an
overdraft, cash pooling or other similar facility or arrangement, (H) Junior Capital or (I) Bank Products Obligations;

(6) Indebtedness of any Foreign Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not exceeding an amount equal to the greater of (x) $295.0 million and (y) 25.0% of
Consolidated EBITDA;

(7) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor;

(8) Indebtedness or other obligations of any Permitted Securitization Entity; or

(9) obligations in respect of loans or advances made to directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company or any Subsidiary (x) in respect of travel, entertainment or moving
related expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business, (y) in respect of moving related expenses incurred in connection with any closing or consolidation of any facility, or (z) in the ordinary course of business and (in the case of this
clause (z)) not exceeding $50.0 million in the aggregate outstanding at any time;

in each case under the foregoing clauses (1) through (9) including Liens securing any Guarantee of any thereof;

-17-

(l) Liens existing on property or assets of a Person at, or provided for under written arrangements existing at, the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Company (or at the time the
Company or a Subsidiary acquires such property or assets, including any acquisition by means of a merger or consolidation with or into the Company or any Subsidiary); provided, however, that such Liens and arrangements are not
created in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person becoming such a Subsidiary (or such acquisition of such property or assets), and that such Liens are limited to all or part of the same property or assets (plus improvements,
accessions, proceeds or dividends or distributions in respect thereof) that secured (or, under the written arrangements under which such Liens arose, could secure) the obligations to which such Liens relate;

(m) Liens on Capital Stock, Indebtedness or other securities of any joint venture that is not a Subsidiary of the Company that secure Indebtedness or other obligations of such joint venture,
respectively;

(n) any encumbrance or restriction (including, but not limited to, pursuant to put and call agreements or buy/sell arrangements) with respect to Capital Stock of any joint venture or similar
arrangement pursuant to any joint venture, shareholders or similar agreement;

(o) Liens securing Indebtedness (including Liens securing any Obligations in respect thereof) consisting of Refinancing Indebtedness Incurred in respect of any Indebtedness (other than
Indebtedness secured under clause (k)(1) through (k)(6) and clause (l) of this definition) secured by, or securing any refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or replacement (in whole or in part) of any other obligation secured by, any other
Permitted Liens; provided that any such new Lien is limited to all or part of the same property or assets (plus improvements, accessions, proceeds or dividends or distributions in respect thereof) that secured (or, under the written
arrangements under which the original Lien arose, could secure) the obligations to which such Liens relate;

(p) Liens (1) arising by operation of law (or by agreement to the same effect) in the ordinary course of business, including Liens arising under or by reason of the Perishable Agricultural
Commodities Act of 1930, as amended from time to time, (2) on property or assets under construction (and related rights) in favor of a contractor or developer or arising from progress or partial payments by a third party relating to such property
or assets, (3) on receivables (including related rights), (4) on cash set aside at the time of the Incurrence of any Indebtedness or government securities purchased with such cash, in either case to the extent that such cash or government
securities prefund the payment of interest on such Indebtedness and are held in an escrow account or similar arrangement to be applied for such purpose, (5) securing or arising by reason of any netting or set-off arrangement entered into in the
ordinary course of banking or other trading activities (including in connection with purchase orders and other agreements with customers), (6) in favor of the Company or any Subsidiary (other than Liens on property or assets of the Company or any
Subsidiary Guarantor in favor of any Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor), (7) arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods entered into in the ordinary course of business,
(8) on inventory or other goods and proceeds securing obligations in respect of bankers acceptances issued or created to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods, (9) relating to pooled deposit or sweep
accounts to permit satisfaction of overdraft, cash pooling or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, (10) attaching to commodity trading or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, (11) arising
in connection with repurchase agreements on assets that are the subject of such repurchase agreements, or (12) in favor of any Permitted Securitization Entity in connection with any Permitted Securitization Transaction;

(q) other Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations that in the aggregate at any time outstanding do not exceed an amount equal to the greater of (x) $295.0 million and (y) 25.0% of
Consolidated EBITDA at the time of Incurrence of such Indebtedness or other obligations;

(r) [reserved];

(s) Liens (i) arising from pledges of collateral to any Federal Home Loan Bank to secure obligations under Funding Agreements with Federal Home Loan Banks or (ii) in favor of the Federal
Home Loan Banks to secure loans made by the Federal Home Loan Banks to any Bank Regulated Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;

-18-

(t) Liens securing Indebtedness (i) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries incurred to finance an acquisition of any assets (including Capital Stock), business or Person and (ii) of any
Person that is acquired by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or merged into or consolidated with the Company or a Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of this Indenture, provided, however, that; in the case of this clause (t); after
giving effect to such acquisition, merger or consolidation and the incurrence of such Indebtedness, either: (1) the Companys Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio would not exceed 4.00 to 1.00; or (2) the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio would be
equal to or less than immediately prior to such acquisition, merger or consolidation;

(u) Liens securing Indebtedness (i) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries incurred to finance an acquisition of any assets (including Capital Stock), business or Person and (ii) of any
Person that is acquired by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or merged into or consolidated with the Company or a Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of this Indenture; in the case of this clause (u), in a principal amount at any time
outstanding not to exceed the greater of (x) $295.0 million and (y) 25.0% of Consolidated EBITDA as of the end of the four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company most recently then ended;

(v) Liens attaching to any deposit accounts in which cash collateral in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of (x) $120.0 million and (y) 10% of Consolidated EBITDA as of the end
of the four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company most recently then ended at any time outstanding has been provided in connection with (i) hedging agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes or
(ii) credit card reimbursement obligations;

(w) (i) Liens existing or deemed to exist in connection with any Permitted Securitization Transaction, but only to the extent that any such Lien relates to the applicable Securitization
Assets sold, contributed, financed or otherwise conveyed or pledged pursuant to such transactions; and (ii) Liens existing or deemed to exist in connection with a Permitted Factoring Transaction, but only to the extent that any such Lien relates to
the applicable Factorable Receivables sold, contributed, financed or otherwise conveyed or pledged pursuant to such transaction;

(x) Liens on any accounts receivable of the Company or any Subsidiary in favor of a Bank Regulated Subsidiary securing obligations between such Bank Regulated Subsidiary and the Company or
any Subsidiary not exceeding at any time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of (x) $120.0 million and (y) 10% of Consolidated EBITDA as of the end of the four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company most recently then ended;

(y) Liens on Designated Regulatory Cash arising as a matter of Law or required by Law;

(z) Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the UCC on items in the course of collection;

(aa) Liens securing obligations under any FHLB Financing;

(bb) Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to bankers liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts, securities
accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution; provided that (i) such account is not a dedicated cash collateral account and is not subject to restriction against access by the Company or any Subsidiary in excess of
those set forth by regulations promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, and (ii) such account is not intended by the Company or any Subsidiary to provide collateral to the depository institution; and

-19-

(cc) Liens on (i) Segregated Accounts or (ii) accounts held by Subsidiaries that are Electronic Money Institutions or provide payment and ancillary services which enable customers to make
and/or receive payments, in each case, in the ordinary course of business and arising as a result of any requirement of any applicable law, licensing condition or regulation (including, without limitation, any applicable law governing the provision
of payment services and ancillary services which enable customers to make and/or receive payments) as amended and/or replaced from time to time, or the views, guidance or interpretation of any such laws, licensing condition or regulation of any
other entity, agency, governmental authority or person that has regulatory authority over the business or operations of any of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

For purposes of determining compliance with this definition, (u) a Lien need not be incurred solely by reference to one category of Permitted Liens described in this definition but may be incurred under any combination
of such categories (including in part under one such category and in part under any other such category), (v) in the event that a Lien (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of one or more of such categories of Permitted Liens, the Company
shall, in its sole discretion, classify or reclassify such Lien (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this definition; provided that the Liens securing any Indebtedness outstanding under
the Senior Credit Facilities as of the Issue Date shall be deemed incurred under clause (k)(1)(I)(A) of this definition and may not be reclassified at any time, (w) the principal amount of Indebtedness secured by a Lien outstanding under any
category of Permitted Liens shall be determined after giving effect to the application of proceeds of any such Indebtedness to refinance any such other Indebtedness, (x) any Lien securing Indebtedness that was permitted to secure such Indebtedness
at the time of the Incurrence of such Indebtedness shall also be permitted to secure any increase in the amount of such Indebtedness in connection with the accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the payment of interest in the form of
additional Indebtedness and the payment of dividends on Capital Stock constituting Indebtedness in the form of additional shares of the same class of Capital Stock, (y) if any Indebtedness or other obligation is secured by any Lien outstanding
under any category of Permitted Liens measured by reference to a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness or other obligations, and is refinanced by any Indebtedness or other obligation secured by any Lien
incurred by reference to such category of Permitted Liens, and such refinancing would cause the percentage of Consolidated EBITDA to be exceeded if calculated based on the Consolidated EBITDA on the date of such refinancing, such percentage of
Consolidated EBITDA shall not be deemed to be exceeded (and such refinancing Lien shall be deemed permitted) so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness or other obligation does not exceed an amount equal to the principal
amount of such Indebtedness or other obligation being refinanced, plus the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses (including accrued and unpaid interest)
incurred or payable in connection with such refinancing and (z) if any Indebtedness or other obligation is secured by any Lien outstanding under any category of Permitted Liens measured by reference to a dollar amount, and is refinanced by any
Indebtedness or other obligation secured by any Lien incurred by reference to such category of Permitted Liens, and such refinancing would cause such dollar amount to be exceeded, such dollar amount shall not be deemed to be exceeded (and such
refinancing Lien shall be deemed permitted) so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness or other obligation does not exceed an amount equal to the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced, plus the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses (including accrued and unpaid interest) incurred or payable in connection with such refinancing.

Permitted Restructuring Transactions means collectively, any mergers, consolidations, internal reorganizations, transfers, dividends, distributions, intercompany dispositions or investments and, in each case,
related Indebtedness, in connection with internal restructuring and/or tax planning activities (collectively, for purpose of this definition, a reorganization); provided, that, after giving effect to any such reorganization, in the good
faith determination of the Company, the Guarantees of the notes offered hereby, taken as a whole, are not materially impaired.

Permitted Securitization Entity means any entity that, (i) except to the extent that Securitization Transactions in the relevant jurisdiction may be effected by a sale or transfer of the applicable
Securitization Assets to a Person other than a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company, is directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Company, (ii) is formed and operated solely for purposes of a Permitted Securitization Transaction, (iii) is
bankruptcy remote (or, if applicable, insolvency remote), (iv) has organizational documents which limit the permitted activities of such Permitted Securitization Entity to the acquisition of Securitization Assets from the Company or one or more
of its Subsidiaries, the securitization of such Securitization Assets and activities necessary or incidental to the foregoing, and (v) meets the customary requirements for special purpose entities engaged in the securitization of assets operating
in the applicable jurisdiction (if any); provided that if no requirements for special purpose entities exist in such jurisdiction, as determined by the Company in good faith.

-20-

Permitted Securitization Transaction means the sale, contribution or other transfer by the Company or one or more of its Subsidiaries of Securitization Assets to one or more Permitted Securitization Entities
for the purpose of further transferring or pledging such Securitization Assets (and all of the activities and transactions customarily effected in connection with the foregoing); provided that, in each case, (i) such transaction results in
a legal true sale of receivable under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction and (ii) such transaction is non-recourse to the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than the applicable Permitted Securitization Entity) under the laws of the
applicable jurisdiction, except for Standard Securitization Undertakings.

Permitted Warrant Transaction means any call option, warrant or contractual right to purchase shares of the Companys Common Stock sold by the Company substantially concurrently with any purchase by the
Company or a Subsidiary of a related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, in each case on terms that are customary for call spread transactions entered in connection with the issuance of Convertible Indebtedness.

Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated organization, government or any agency or political
subdivision thereof or any other entity.

Place of Payment means a city or any political subdivision thereof in which any Paying Agent appointed pursuant to Article III is located.

PO Holding means PO Holding LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

PO Holding Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Limited Liability Operating Agreement of PO Holding, dated as of March 5, 2019, as the same may be amended, amended restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time.

Predecessor Notes of any particular Note means every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Note; and, for the purposes of this definition, any Note
authenticated and delivered under Section 306 in lieu of a mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note.

Preferred Stock as applied to the Capital Stock of any corporation or company means Capital Stock of any class or classes (however designated) that by its terms is preferred as to the payment of dividends, or
as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution of such corporation or company, over Capital Stock of any other class of such corporation or company.

Property means, with respect to any Person, any interest of that Person in any kind of property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, or tangible or intangible, including Capital Stock in, and other
securities of, any other Person. For purposes of any calculation required pursuant to this Indenture, the value of any Property shall be its Fair Market Value.

Purchase means an Investment by the Company or any Subsidiary in any Person (by merger, consolidation or otherwise) that thereby becomes a Subsidiary, or other acquisition of any company, any business or any
group of assets constituting an operating unit of a business, including any such Investment or acquisition occurring in connection with a transaction causing a calculation to be made under this Indenture.

Purchase Money Obligations means any Indebtedness Incurred to finance or refinance the acquisition, leasing, construction or improvement of property (real or personal) or assets, and whether acquired through
the direct acquisition of such property or assets or the acquisition of the Capital Stock of any Person owning such property or assets, or otherwise.

Put Right means the rights of SBI (or any permitted successor or assignee of SBI pursuant to the PO Holding Agreement) to require that the Company and PO Holding, on a joint and several basis, repurchase the
equity interests owned by SBI (or such permitted successor or assignee) in PO Holding pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the PO Holding Agreement.

-21-

QIB means a qualified institutional buyer, as that term is defined in Rule 144A.

Rating Agency means Moodys or S&P or, if Moodys or S&P or both shall not make a rating on the Notes publicly available, a nationally recognized statistical rating agency or agencies, as the case may
be, selected by the Company which shall be substituted for Moodys or S&P or both, as the case may be.

Rating Decline means the occurrence of a decrease in the rating of the Notes by one or more gradations by any Rating Agency (including gradations within rating categories, as well as between categories),
within 60 days after the earliest of (x) a Change of Control, (y) the date of public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or (z) public notice of the intention of the Company to effect a Change of Control (which 60-day period shall be
period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any Rating Agency); provided, however, that a Rating Decline otherwise arising by virtue of a particular
reduction in rating will not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus will not be deemed a Rating Decline for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Triggering Event) unless the Rating Agency making
the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply announces or publicly confirms or informs the Trustee in writing at the Companys or its request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or
circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control has occurred at the time of the Rating Decline); provided, further, that
notwithstanding the foregoing, a Rating Decline shall not be deemed to have occurred so long as the Notes have an Investment Grade Rating from both Rating Agencies.

Receivable means a right to receive payment pursuant to an arrangement with another Person pursuant to which such other Person is obligated to pay, as determined in accordance with GAAP.

Redemption Date, when used with respect to any Note to be redeemed or purchased, means the date fixed for such redemption or purchase by or pursuant to this Indenture and the Notes.

refinance means refinance, refund, replace, renew, repay, modify, restate, defer, substitute, exchange. supplement, reissue, resell or extend (including pursuant to any defeasance or discharge mechanism); and
the terms refinances, refinanced and refinancing as used for any purpose in this Indenture shall have a correlative meaning.

Refinancing Indebtedness means Indebtedness that is Incurred to refinance any Indebtedness (or unutilized commitment in respect of Indebtedness) existing on the date of this Indenture or Incurred (or
established) in compliance with this Indenture (including Indebtedness of the Company that refinances Indebtedness of any Subsidiary (to the extent permitted in this Indenture) and Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that refinances Indebtedness of the
Company or of another Subsidiary) including Indebtedness that refinances Refinancing Indebtedness, and Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to a commitment that refinances any Indebtedness or unutilized commitment; provided, that (1) if the
Indebtedness being refinanced is Subordinated Obligations or Guarantor Subordinated Obligations, the Refinancing Indebtedness has a final Stated Maturity at the time such Refinancing Indebtedness is Incurred that is equal to or greater than the
final Stated Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced (or if shorter, of the Notes), (2) such Refinancing Indebtedness is Incurred in an aggregate principal amount (or if issued with original issue discount, an aggregate issue price) that is
equal to or less than the sum of (x) the aggregate principal amount then outstanding of the Indebtedness being refinanced, plus (y) an amount equal to any unutilized commitment relating to the Indebtedness being refinanced or otherwise then
outstanding under a Credit Facility or other financing arrangement being refinanced, plus (z) fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses (including accrued and unpaid interest) Incurred or payable in connection with such
refinancing and (3) Refinancing Indebtedness shall not include Indebtedness of a Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor that refinances Indebtedness of the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor.

Regular Record Date for the interest payable on any applicable Interest Payment Date means March 1 or September 1, as applicable and whether or not a Business Day, immediately preceding such Interest Payment
Date.

Regulated Bank means (i) WEX Bank or (ii) any direct or indirect insured depository institution Subsidiary of the Company that is regulated by foreign, federal or state banking regulators, including, without
limitation, the OCC, the Utah Department of Financial Institutions, the FDIC or the Federal Reserve.

-22-

Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act.

Regulation S Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D.

Resale Restriction Termination Date means, with respect to any Note, the date that is one year (or such other period as may hereafter be provided under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any successor
provision thereto as permitting the resale by non-affiliates of Restricted Securities without restriction) after the later of the original issue date in respect of such Note and the last date on which the Company or any Affiliate of the Company was
the owner of such Note (or any Predecessor Note thereto).

Restricted Period means the 40-day distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S.

Restricted Security has the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act; provided, however, that the Trustee shall be entitled to receive, at its request, and
conclusively rely on an Opinion of Counsel with respect to whether any Note constitutes a Restricted Security.

Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

SBI means SBI Investments, Inc., a North Dakota corporation.

Sale means the disposal of any company, any business or any group of assets constituting an operating unit of a business, including any such disposition occurring in connection with a transaction causing a
calculation to be made under this Indenture, by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company.

Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any direct or indirect arrangement relating to Property now owned or hereafter acquired whereby the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company transfers that Property to
another Person and the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company leases it from that other Person, together with any refinancing thereof.

Screened Affiliate means any Affiliate of a holder of the Notes (i) that makes investment decisions independently from such holder and any other Affiliate of such holder that is not a Screened Affiliate, (ii)
that has in place customary information screens between it and such holder and any other Affiliate of such holder that is not a Screened Affiliate and such screens prohibit the sharing of information with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries,
(iii) whose investment policies are not directed by such holder or any other Affiliate of such holder that is acting in concert with such holder in connection with its investment in the Notes, and (iv) whose investment decisions are not influenced
by the investment decisions of such holder or any other Affiliate of such holder that is acting in concert with such holders in connection with its investment in the Notes.

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Securitization Assets means any accounts receivable or lease receivables, whether constituting accounts, general intangibles, chattel paper, instruments or otherwise (the Receivables) owned by the
Company or any Subsidiary (whether now existing or arising or acquired in the future), all collateral securing such Receivables, all contracts and contract rights, purchase orders, records, security interests, financing statements or other
documentation in respect of such Receivables and all guarantees, letters of credit, insurance or other agreements or arrangements supporting or securing payment in respect of such Receivables or any of the foregoing, all lockboxes and collection
accounts in respect of such Receivables, all collections and proceeds of such Receivables, any warranty, indemnity, dilution or other claim arising out of the foregoing, and other assets which are of the type customarily granted or transferred in
connection with securitization transactions involving receivables similar to such Receivables.

-23-

Securitization Transaction means, with respect to any Person, any financing transaction or series of financing transactions (including factoring arrangements) pursuant to which such Person or any Subsidiary of
such Person may sell, convey or otherwise transfer, or grant a security interest in, accounts, general intangibles, chattel paper, instruments, payments, receivables, rights to future lease payments or residuals or similar rights to payment to a
special purpose subsidiary or affiliate of such Person.

Segregated Accounts means a segregated, safeguarding or other similar account established by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time into which monies of merchants, other payment service
users, other payment service providers, End Users, Card Schemes, cardholders of any Card Scheme, banks, financial institutions or other similar entity or person are paid pending payment on to the relevant merchants, other payment service users,
other payment service providers, End Users, Card Schemes, cardholders of any Card Scheme, banks, financial institutions or other similar entity or person, in accordance with the terms of a license, order, rule, principle, guideline or guidance
issued by any entity, agency, governmental authority or person that has regulatory authority over the business or operations of the Company or its Subsidiaries or any relevant implementing regulation or legislation, as amended and/or replaced from
time to time.

Senior Credit Agreement means the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2021, among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company as borrowers, the lenders party thereto from time to
time and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, as such agreement may be amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time or refunded, refinanced, restructured,
replaced, renewed, repaid, increased or extended from time to time (whether in whole or in part, whether with the original administrative agent and lenders or other agents and lenders or otherwise, and whether provided under the original Senior
Credit Agreement or one or more other credit agreements or otherwise), except to the extent any such agreement, instrument or document expressly provides that it is not intended to be and is not a Senior Credit Agreement. For purposes of this
Indenture, the documentation governing the Initial Notes is not intended to be and is not a Senior Credit Agreement.

Senior Credit Facilities means the collective reference to the term A-1 facility, the term B-2 facility, the term B-3 facility and the revolving credit facility, in each case, under the Senior Credit
Agreement, any Loan Documents (as defined therein), any notes and letters of credit issued pursuant thereto and any guarantee and collateral agreement, patent and trademark security agreement, mortgages, letter of credit applications and other
guarantees, pledge agreements, security agreements and collateral documents, and other instruments and documents, executed and delivered pursuant to or in connection with any of the foregoing, in each case as the same may be amended, supplemented,
waived or otherwise modified from time to time, or refunded, refinanced, restructured, replaced, renewed, repaid, increased or extended from time to time (whether in whole or in part, whether with the original agent and lenders or other agents and
lenders or otherwise, and whether provided under the original Senior Credit Agreement or one or more other credit agreements, indentures or financing agreements or otherwise), except to the extent such agreement, instrument or document expressly
provides that it is not intended to be and is not a Senior Credit Facility. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Senior Credit Facility shall include any agreement (i) changing the maturity of any Indebtedness Incurred
thereunder or contemplated thereby, (ii) adding Subsidiaries of the Company as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder, (iii) increasing the amount of Indebtedness Incurred thereunder or available to be borrowed thereunder or (iv) otherwise
altering the terms and conditions thereof. For purposes of this Indenture, the documentation governing the Initial Notes is not intended to be and is not a Senior Credit Facility.

Senior Indebtedness means, any Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary other than, (x) in the case of the Company, Subordinated Obligations and (y) in the case of any Subsidiary Guarantor, Guarantor
Subordinated Obligations.

Share Repurchase means the repurchase by the Company of its common stock as described in the Offering Memorandum, whether by tender offer or otherwise.

Short Derivative Instrument means a Derivative Instrument (i) the value of which generally decreases, and/or the payment or delivery obligations under which generally increase, with positive changes to the
Performance References and/or (ii) the value of which generally increases, and/or the payment or delivery obligations under which generally decrease, with negative changes to the Performance References.

-24-

Significant Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that would be a significant subsidiary of the Company within the meaning of Rule 1-02 under Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC, as such Regulation is in effect
on the Issue Date.

Special Record Date for the payment of any Defaulted Interest means a date fixed by the Company pursuant to Section 307.

Standard Securitization Undertakings means those obligations and undertakings entered into by the Company, a Subsidiary of the Company or any Permitted Securitization Entity which are determined in good faith
by the Company to be customary in securitization transactions involving accounts receivable and other assets of the type described in the definition of Securitization Assets, so long as such obligations and undertakings are (i) on terms and
conditions consistent with the sale treatment of Securitization Assets in a transaction that results in a legal true sale of Securitization Assets in accordance with the laws of the applicable jurisdiction and (ii) not inconsistent with the
treatment of the transfer of Securitization Assets in a transaction as a legal true sale and otherwise consistent with customary securitization undertakings in accordance with the laws of the applicable jurisdiction; provided that
Standard Securitization Undertakings shall not include any guaranty or other obligation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Permitted Securitization Entity) with respect to any Securitization Asset that is not collected, not
paid or otherwise uncollectible on account of the insolvency, bankruptcy, creditworthiness or financial inability to pay of the applicable obligor with respect to such Securitization Asset.

Stated Maturity means, with respect to any Indebtedness, the date specified in such Indebtedness as the fixed date on which the payment of principal of such Indebtedness is due and payable, including pursuant
to any mandatory redemption provision (but excluding any provision providing for the repurchase or repayment of such Indebtedness at the option of the holder thereof upon the happening of any contingency).

Subordinated Obligations means any Indebtedness of the Company (whether outstanding on the date of this Indenture or thereafter Incurred) that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes
pursuant to a written agreement.

Subsidiary of any Person means any corporation, association, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which more than 50.0% of the total voting power of shares of
Capital Stock or other equity interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly
or indirectly, by (i) such Person or (ii) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.

Subsidiary Guarantee means any guarantee of the Notes that may from time to time be entered into by a Subsidiary of the Company on the Issue Date or after the Issue Date pursuant to Section 414. As
used in this Indenture, Subsidiary Guarantee refers to a Subsidiary Guarantee of the Notes.

Subsidiary Guarantor means any Subsidiary of the Company that enters into a Subsidiary Guarantee, unless and until such Subsidiary is released from such Subsidiary Guarantee in accordance with the terms of
this Indenture.

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc., and its successors.

Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property
creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment).

-25-

Temporary Cash Investments means any of the following: (i) any investment in (x) direct obligations of the United States of America, Canada, a member state of the European Union or any country in whose
currency funds are being held pending their application in the making of an investment or capital expenditure by the Company or a Subsidiary in that country or with such funds, or any agency or instrumentality of any thereof, or obligations
Guaranteed by the United States of America or a member state of the European Union or any country in whose currency funds are being held pending their application in the making of an investment or capital expenditure by the Company or a Subsidiary
in that country or with such funds, or any agency or instrumentality of any of the foregoing, or obligations guaranteed by any of the foregoing or (y) direct obligations of any foreign country recognized by the United States of America rated at
least A by S&P or A-1 by Moodys (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S&P or Moodys then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any nationally recognized rating organization),
(ii) overnight bank deposits, and investments in time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and money market deposits (or, with respect to foreign banks, similar instruments) maturing not more than one year after the date
of acquisition thereof issued by (x) any bank or other institutional lender under a Credit Facility or any affiliate thereof or (y) a bank or trust company that is organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or any
foreign country recognized by the United States of America having capital and surplus aggregating in excess of $250.0 million (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof) and whose long term debt is rated at least A by S&P or A-1 by Moodys
(or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S&P or Moodys then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any nationally recognized rating organization) at the time such Investment is made, (iii)
repurchase obligations for underlying securities or instruments of the types described in clause (i) or (ii) above entered into with a bank meeting the qualifications described in clause (ii) above, (iv) Investments in commercial paper, maturing
not more than 24 months after the date of acquisition, issued by a Person (other than that of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), with a rating at the time as of which any Investment therein is made of P-2 (or higher) according to Moodys or
A-2 (or higher) according to S&P (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S&P or Moodys then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any nationally recognized rating organization), (v)
Investments in securities maturing not more than 24 months after the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States of America, or by any political subdivision or taxing authority
thereof, and rated at least BBB- by S&P or Baa3 by Moodys (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S&P or Moodys then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any nationally
recognized rating organization), (vi) Indebtedness or Preferred Stock (other than of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) having a rating of A or higher by S&P or A2 or higher by Moodys (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating
by such organization or, if no rating of S&P or Moodys then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any nationally recognized rating organization), (vii) investment funds investing 95.0% of their assets in securities of the type described in
clauses (i) through (vi) above (which funds may also hold cash pending investment and/or distribution), (viii) any money market deposit accounts issued or offered by a domestic commercial bank or a commercial bank organized and located in a country
recognized by the United States of America, in each case, having capital and surplus in excess of $250.0 million (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof), or investments in money market funds subject to the risk limiting conditions of Rule 2a-7
(or any successor rule) of the SEC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and (ix) similar investments approved by the Board of Directors in the ordinary course of business.

TIA means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. 77aaa-77bbbb) as in effect on the date of this Indenture, except as otherwise provided herein.

Treasury Rate means, with respect to a Redemption Date, the weekly average rounded to the nearest 1/100th of a percentage point (for the most recently completed week for which such information is available as
of the date that is two Business Days prior to such Redemption Date) of the yield to maturity at the time of computation of United States Treasury securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in the Federal Reserve Statistical
Release H.15 with respect to each applicable day during such week (or, if such Statistical Release is no longer published, any publicly available source of similar market data)) most nearly equal to the period from such Redemption Date to March 15,
2028; provided, however, that if the period from the Redemption Date to such date is not equal to the constant maturity of a United States Treasury security for which such yield is given, the Treasury Rate shall be obtained by
linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of United States Treasury securities for which such yields are given, except that if the period from the Redemption Date to such date is less than
one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.

Trust Officer means any corporate trust officer or any other officer or assistant officer of the Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those performed by the persons who at the time shall be such
corporate trust officers, or any other officer of the Trustee to whom a corporate trust matter is referred because of his or her knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and, in each case, who shall have direct responsibility for
the administration of this Indenture.

-26-

Trustee means the party named as such in this Indenture until a successor replaces it and, thereafter, means the successor.

Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the state of New York from time to time.

U.S. Government Obligation means (x) any security that is (i) a direct obligation of the United States of America for the payment of which the full faith and credit of the United States of America is
pledged or (ii) an obligation of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United States of America the payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the United
States of America, which, in either case under the preceding clause (i) or (ii) is not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and (y) any depositary receipt issued by a bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act)
as custodian with respect to any U.S. Government Obligation that is specified in clause (x) above and held by such bank for the account of the holder of such depositary receipt, or with respect to any specific payment of principal of or interest on
any U.S. Government Obligation that is so specified and held, provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depositary receipt from any amount
received by the custodian in respect of the U.S. Government Obligation or the specific payment of principal or interest evidenced by such depositary receipt.

Voting Stock of an entity means all classes of Capital Stock of such entity then outstanding and normally entitled to vote in the election of directors or all interests in such entity with the ability to
control the management or actions of such entity.

WEX Bank means WEX Bank, a Utah industrial bank.

Wholly Owned Domestic Subsidiary means as to any Person, any Domestic Subsidiary of such Person, and of which such Person owns, directly or indirectly through one or more Wholly Owned Domestic Subsidiaries,
all of the Capital Stock of such Domestic Subsidiary.

Section 102. Other Definitions.

Term 

Defined in Section

Act 

108

Agent Members 

312

Applicable Premium Deficit 

1101

Authentication Order 

303

Bankruptcy Law 

601

Certificate of Beneficial Ownership 

313

Change of Control Offer 

415

Covenant Defeasance 

1203

Covenant Satisfaction Officers Certificate 

601(c)

Custodian 

601

Defaulted Interest 

307

Defeasance 

1202

Defeased Notes 

1201

Directing Holder 

601(b)

Event of Default 

601(a)

Expiration Date 

108

Final Decision 

601(c)

Fixed Amounts 

124

Global Notes 

201

Incurrence-Based Amount 

124

Initial Default 

616

-27-

Initial Lien 

413

Litigation 

601(c)

LCT Election 

123

LCT Test Date 

123

Noteholder Direction 

601(b)

Note Register and Note Registrar 

305

Notice of Default 

601

Performance References 

101

Permanent Regulation S Global Notes 

201

Physical Notes 

201

Position Representation 

601(b)

Position Representation and Verification Form 

601(b)

Private Placement Legend 

203

Redemption Amount 

1009

Redemption Price 

1009

Redemption S Global Notes 

201

Regulation S Note Exchange Date 

313

Regulation S Physical Notes 

201

Rule 144A Global Notes 

201

Rule 144A Physical Notes 

201

Subsidiary Guaranteed Obligations 

1301

Successor Company 

501

Successor Guarantor 

501

Temporary Regulation S Global Note 

201

Verification Covenant 

601(b)

Verification Covenant Officers Certificate 

601(c)

Section 103. Rules of Construction. For all purposes of this Indenture, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires:

(1) the terms defined in this Indenture have the meanings assigned to them in this Indenture;

(2) or is not exclusive;

(3) all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with GAAP;

(4) the words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision;

(5) all references to $ or dollars shall refer to the lawful currency of the United States of America;

(6) the words include, included and including, as used herein, shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the phrase without limitation, if not expressly followed by such
phrase or the phrase but not limited to;

(7) words in the singular include the plural, and words in the plural include the singular;

(8) references to sections of, or rules under, the Securities Act shall be deemed to include substitute, replacement or successor sections or rules adopted by the SEC from time to time;

(9) any reference to a Section, Article or clause refers to such Section, Article or clause of this Indenture; and

(10) notwithstanding any provision of this Indenture, no provision of the TIA shall apply or be incorporated by reference into this Indenture or the Notes, except as specifically set
forth in this Indenture.

-28-

Section 104. [Reserved].

Section 105. [Reserved].

Section 106. Compliance Certificates and Opinions. Upon any application or request by the Company or by any other obligor upon the Notes (including any Subsidiary Guarantor) to the Trustee to take any
action under any provision of this Indenture, the Company or such other obligor (including any Subsidiary Guarantor), as the case may be, shall furnish to the Trustee such certificates and opinions as may be required under this Indenture. Each
such certificate or opinion shall be given in the form of one or more Officers Certificates, if to be given by an Officer, or an Opinion of Counsel, if to be given by counsel, and shall comply with the requirements of this Indenture. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of any such request or application as to which the furnishing of any Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel is specifically required by any provision of this Indenture relating to such particular
request or application, no additional certificate or opinion need be furnished.

Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (except for certificates provided for in Section 406) shall include:

(1) a statement that the individual signing such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition, as applicable, and the definitions herein relating thereto;

(2) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based;

(3) a statement that, in the opinion of such individual, he or she made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to express an informed opinion as to
whether or not such covenant or condition, as applicable, has been complied with; and

(4) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of such individual, such condition or covenant, as applicable, has been complied with.

Section 107. Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee. In any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified Person, it is not necessary that all
such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other
such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents.

Any certificate or opinion of an Officer may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, counsel, unless such Officer knows that the certificate or opinion
or representations with respect to the matters upon which his certificate or opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate or opinion of counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or
representations by, an Officer or Officers to the effect that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the Company, unless such counsel knows that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to
such matters are erroneous.

Where any Person is required to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments under this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated
and form one instrument.

-29-

Section 108. Acts of Noteholders; Record Dates. (a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by Holders may
be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by an agent duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective
when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee, and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Company, as the case may be. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein
sometimes referred to as the Act of the Holders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject
to Section 701) conclusive in favor of the Trustee, the Company, and any other obligor upon the Notes, if made in the manner provided in this Section 108.

(a) The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such execution or by the certificate of any notary public or other officer
authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to him the execution thereof. Where such execution is by an officer of a corporation or a member of a partnership or
other legal entity other than an individual, on behalf of such corporation or partnership or entity, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of such Persons authority. The fact and date of the execution of any such
instrument or writing, or the authority of the person executing the same, may also be proved in any other manner that the Trustee deems sufficient.

(b) The ownership of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register.

(c) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by the Holder of any Note shall bind the Holder of every Note issued upon the transfer thereof or in exchange therefor
or in lieu thereof, in respect of anything done, suffered or omitted to be done by the Trustee, the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Note.

(d) (i) The Company may set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders of Outstanding Notes entitled to give, make or take any request, demand, authorization, direction,
notice, consent, waiver or other action provided or permitted by this Indenture to be given, made or taken by Holders of Notes, provided that the Company may not set a record date for, and the provisions of this paragraph shall not apply
with respect to, the giving or making of any notice, declaration, request or direction referred to in the next paragraph. If any record date is set pursuant to this paragraph, the Holders of Outstanding Notes on such record date (or their duly
designated proxies), and no other Holders, shall be entitled to take the relevant action, whether or not such Persons remain Holders after such record date; provided that no such action shall be effective hereunder unless taken on or prior
to the applicable Expiration Date by Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Notes on such record date. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to prevent the Company from setting a new record date for any action for which a
record date has previously been set pursuant to this paragraph (whereupon the record date previously set shall automatically and with no action by any Person be cancelled and of no effect), and nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to render
ineffective any action taken by Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Notes on the date such action is taken. Promptly after any record date is set pursuant to this paragraph, the Company, at its expense, shall cause notice of
such record date, the proposed action by Holders and the applicable Expiration Date to be given to the Trustee in writing and to each Holder of Notes in the manner set forth in Section 110.

(ii) The Trustee may set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders of Outstanding Notes entitled to join in the giving or making of (A) any Notice of Default, (B) any declaration of
acceleration referred to in Section 602, (C) any request to institute proceedings referred to in Section 607(ii) or (D) any direction referred to in Section 612, in each case with respect to Notes. If any record date is set
pursuant to this paragraph, the Holders of Outstanding Notes on such record date, and no other Holders, shall be entitled to join in such notice, declaration, request or direction, whether or not such Holders remain Holders after such record date;
provided that no such action shall be effective hereunder unless taken on or prior to the applicable Expiration Date by Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Notes on such record date. Nothing in this paragraph shall be
construed to prevent the Trustee from setting a new record date for any action for which a record date has previously been set pursuant to this paragraph (whereupon the record date previously set shall automatically and with no action by any Person
be cancelled and of no effect), and nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to render ineffective any action taken by Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Notes on the date such action is taken. Promptly after any record
date is set pursuant to this paragraph, the Trustee, at the Companys expense, shall cause notice of such record date, the proposed action by Holders and the applicable Expiration Date to be given to the Company in writing and to each Holder of
Notes in the manner set forth in Section 110.

-30-

(e) With respect to any record date set pursuant to this Section 108, the party hereto that sets such record dates may designate any day as the Expiration Date and from time to time may change
the Expiration Date to any earlier or later day; provided that no such change shall be effective unless notice of the proposed new Expiration Date is given to the Company or the Trustee, whichever such party is not setting a record date
pursuant to this Section 108(e) in writing, and to each Holder of Notes in the manner set forth in Section 110, on or prior to the existing Expiration Date. If an Expiration Date is not designated with respect to any record date
set pursuant to this Section 108, the party hereto that set such record date shall be deemed to have initially designated the 180th day after such record date as the Expiration Date with respect thereto, subject to its right to change the
Expiration Date as provided in this paragraph. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Expiration Date shall be later than the 180th day after the applicable record date.

(f) Without limiting the foregoing, a Holder entitled hereunder to take any action hereunder with regard to any particular Note may do so with regard to all or any part of the principal amount of such Note or
by one or more duly appointed agents each of which may do so pursuant to such appointment with regard to all or any part of such principal amount.

(g) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a Holder, including the Depositary, that is the Holder of a Global Note, may make, give or take, by a proxy or proxies duly appointed in writing, any
request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided in this Indenture to be made, given or taken by Holders, and the Depositary, as the Holder of a Global Note, may provide its proxy or proxies to the
beneficial owners of interests in any such Global Note through such depositarys standing instructions and customary practices.

(h) The Company may fix a record date for the purpose of determining the persons who are beneficial owners of interests in any Global Note held by the Depositary entitled under the procedures of such
depositary to make, give or take, by a proxy or proxies duly appointed in writing, any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided in this Indenture to be made, given or taken by Holders. If such a
record date is fixed, the Holders on such record date or their duly appointed proxy or proxies, and only such persons, shall be entitled to make, give or take such request, demand, authorization direction, notice consent, waiver or other action,
whether or not such Holders remain Holders after such record date. No such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action shall be valid or effective if made, given or taken more than 90 days after such record
date.

Section 109. Notices, Etc., to Trustee and Company. Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or Act of Holders or other document provided or permitted by this Indenture to
be made upon, given or furnished to, or filed with:

(1) the Trustee by any Holder or by the Company or by any other obligor upon the Notes shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made, given, furnished or filed in writing to or
with the Trustee at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, Attention: Agency and Trust (telephone: (212) 519-8998; email: citi.cspag.debt@Citi.com) or at any other address furnished in writing to the Company by the Trustee,

(2) the Company by the Trustee or by any Holder shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if in writing and mailed, first class postage prepaid, or delivered by electronic or
facsimile transmission or overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, to the Company at 1 Hancock St., Portland, Maine 04101, Attention: Treasury, Legal (email: wexofficeofgeneralcounsel@wexinc.com; telephone: 207-773-8171) or at any
other address furnished in writing to the Trustee by the Company,

(3) the Company or the Trustee, by notice to the others, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.

-31-

Section 110. Notices to Holders; Waiver. Where this Indenture provides for notice to Holders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in
writing and mailed, first class postage prepaid, or by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, to each Holder, at such Holders address as it appears in the Note Register, not later than the latest date, and not earlier than the
earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice. In any case where notice to Holders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in any notice so mailed, to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency
of such notice with respect to other Holders.

Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of
such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver.

In case, by reason of the suspension of regular mail service, or by reason of any other cause, it shall be impossible to mail notice of any event as required by any provision of this Indenture, then such notification
as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld) shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose hereunder.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or any Note, where this Indenture or any Note provides for notice of any event (including any notice of redemption) to a Holder of a Global Note (whether by mail or
otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depositary for such Note (or its designee) pursuant to the customary procedures of such Depositary (including delivery by electronic mail).

Section 111. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents. The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

Section 112. Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements in this Indenture by the Company shall bind its respective successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. All agreements of the
Trustee in this Indenture shall bind their respective successors.

Section 113. Separability Clause. In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 114. Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and their successors hereunder, any Paying
Agent and the Holders, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.

Section 115. Governing Law. THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE TRUSTEE, THE COMPANY,
ANY OTHER OBLIGOR IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES, EACH SUBSIDIARY GUARANTOR AND (BY THEIR ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOTES) THE HOLDERS AGREE TO SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE COURT LOCATED IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, IN THE CITY
OF NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE OR THE NOTES.

Section 116. Waiver of Trial by Jury. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND EACH HOLDER (BY THEIR ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOTES) HEREBY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS INDENTURE.

Section 117. Legal Holidays. In any case where any Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date or Stated Maturity of any Note shall not be a Business Day at any Place of Payment, then (notwithstanding any
other provision of this Indenture or of the Notes) payment of interest or principal and premium (if any) need not be made at such Place of Payment on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day at such Place of Payment with the
same force and effect as if made on the Interest Payment Date or Redemption Date, or at the Stated Maturity, and no interest shall accrue on such payment for the intervening period. In the case where any due date for any report or certificate due
under Sections 405 and 406 hereof shall not be a Business Day, then (notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or of the Notes) such report or certificate may be delivered on the next succeeding Business Day.

-32-

Section 118. No Personal Liability of Directors, Managers, Officers, Employees, Incorporators and Stockholders. No past, present or future director, manager, officer, employee, incorporator, member,
partner or stockholder of the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor or any Subsidiary of any thereof, in their respective capacities as such, shall have any liability for any obligation of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor under the Note
Documents, or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, any such obligation or its creation. Each Noteholder, by accepting the Notes, waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for
issuance of the Notes.

Section 119. Exhibits and Schedules. All exhibits and schedules attached hereto are by this reference made a part hereof with the same effect as if herein set forth in full.

Section 120. Counterparts. This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same
instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Indenture or execution of any other Note Document or any document to be signed in connection with this Indenture, any other Note Document or any of the transactions contemplated hereby
(including amendments, waivers, consents and other modifications) by facsimile, electronically in portable document format (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the
Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g. www.docusign.com) or in any other format will be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature. 
The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of using electronic signatures and electronic methods to submit communications to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and
the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

Section 121. Force Majeure. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or
indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, any act or provision of any present or future law or regulation or governmental authority, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military
disturbances, epidemics or pandemics, earthquakes, fires, floods, sabotage, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services or the
unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or telex or other wire or communication facility (it being understood that the Trustee shall use commercially reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to
resume performance as soon as practicable under any of the foregoing circumstances).

Section 122. USA PATRIOT Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the
funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree
that they will provide the Trustee (acting in any capacity hereunder) with such information as it may reasonably request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act.

Section 123. Limited Condition Transaction. In connection with any action being taken in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes of determining compliance with any provision of
this Indenture which requires that no Default, Event of Default or specified Event of Default, as applicable, has occurred, is continuing or would result from any such action, as applicable, such condition shall, at the option of the Company, be
deemed satisfied, so long as no Default, Event of Default or specified Event of Default, as applicable, exists on the date the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into or irrevocable notice of redemption,
repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock is given. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company has exercised its option under the first sentence of this Section 123,
and any Default, Event of Default or specified Event of Default, as applicable, occurs following the date the definitive agreements for the applicable Limited Condition Transaction were entered into or irrevocable notice of redemption, repurchase,
defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock is given and prior to the consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any such Default, Event of Default or specified Event of
Default, as applicable, shall be deemed to not have occurred or be continuing for purposes of determining whether any action being taken in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction is permitted hereunder.

-33-

In connection with any action being taken in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes of:

(i) determining compliance with any provision of this Indenture which requires the calculation of the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio;

(ii) testing baskets set forth in this Indenture (including baskets measured as a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA); or

(iii) determining compliance with any provision of this Indenture which requires that no Default or Event of Default (or any subset of Defaults or Events of Default) shall have occurred,
is continuing or would result therefrom (including the applicable conditions to the consolidation, merger, conveyance, lease or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or a Guarantor);

in each case, at the option of the Company (the Companys election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, an LCT Election), the date of determination of whether any such action is permitted
hereunder, shall be deemed to be the date the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into or irrevocable notice of redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock is given, as applicable (the LCT Test Date), and if, after giving pro forma effect to the Limited Condition Transaction and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including
any Incurrence or discharge of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds of such Incurrence) as if they had occurred at the beginning of the most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters ending prior to the LCT Test Date for which consolidated financial
statements of the Company are available, the Company could have taken such action on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with such ratio, basket, amount, Defaults or Events of Default, such ratio, basket, amount, Default or Events of Default
shall be deemed to have been complied with. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company has made an LCT Election and any of the ratios, baskets, amounts, Defaults or Events of Default for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCT Test
Date are exceeded or any Default of Event of Default would have occurred, in each case as a result of fluctuations in any such ratio, basket or amount, including due to fluctuations in Consolidated EBITDA of the Company or the Person subject to
such Limited Condition Transaction or any applicable currency exchange rate, at or prior to the consummation of the relevant transaction or action, such baskets, ratios or amounts will not be deemed to have been exceeded as a result of such
fluctuations and (solely for the purposes of any Default or Event of Default blocker) such Default or Event of Default shall be deemed not to have occurred. If the Company has made an LCT Election for any Limited Condition Transaction, then in
connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio, basket or amount with respect to the Incurrence of Liens, mergers, or the conveyance, lease or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company on or following the
relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited
Condition Transaction, any such ratio, basket or amount shall be calculated on a pro forma basis assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any Incurrence or discharge of Indebtedness and
the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated.

Section 124. Certain Calculations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, unless the Company otherwise elects, with respect to any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or
consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Indenture that does not require compliance with a financial ratio or financial test (including any Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio test) (any such amounts, the Fixed Amounts)
substantially concurrently with any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Indenture that requires compliance with a financial ratio or financial test (including any Consolidated Secured
Leverage Ratio test) (any such amounts, the Incurrence-Based Amounts) it is understood and agreed that (A) the incurrence of the Incurrence-Based Amount shall be calculated first without giving effect to any Fixed Amount but giving full
pro forma effect to the use of proceeds of such Fixed Amount and the related transactions and (B) the incurrence of the Fixed Amount shall be calculated thereafter. Unless the Company elects otherwise, the Company shall be deemed to have used
amounts under an Incurrence-Based Amount then available to the Company prior to utilization of any amount under a Fixed Amount then available to the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee will have no liability or responsibility for any
calculations or any information in connection with any calculations.

-34-

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if any incurrence-based financial ratios or tests (including, without limitation, any Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio test) would be satisfied in any subsequent
fiscal quarter following the utilization of either (x) Fixed Amounts or (y) Incurrence-Based Amounts, then the reclassification of actions or transactions (or portions thereof), including the reclassification of utilization of any Fixed Amounts as
incurred under any available Incurrence-Based Amounts, shall be deemed to have automatically occurred even if not elected by the Company.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if any of the baskets set forth in this Indenture are exceeded solely as a result of fluctuations to Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets for the most
recently completed fiscal quarter after the last time such baskets were calculated for any purpose under this Indenture, such baskets will not be deemed to have been exceeded solely as a result of such fluctuations.

Section 125. Severability; Entire Agreement. If a court of competent jurisdiction declares any provision hereof invalid, it will be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity, so that the
remainder of the provision and this Indenture will continue in full force and effect. This Indenture and the exhibits and schedules hereto set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties related to this transaction and supersede all
prior agreements and understandings, oral or written.

ARTICLE II

NOTE FORMS

Section 201. Forms Generally. The Initial Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication relating thereto shall be in substantially the forms set forth, or referenced, in this Article II
and Exhibit A attached hereto (as such forms may be modified in accordance with Section 301). Any Additional Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication relating thereto shall be in substantially the forms set forth, or
referenced, in this Article II and Exhibit A attached hereto (as such forms may be modified in accordance with Section 301). Exhibit A is hereby incorporated in and expressly made a part of this Indenture. The
Notes may have such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions, notations, legends, endorsements, identifications and other variations as are required or permitted by law, stock exchange rule or depositary rule or usage, agreements to which
the Company is subject, if any, or other customary usage, or as may consistently herewith be determined by the Officers of the Company executing such Notes, as evidenced by such execution (provided always that any such notation, legend,
endorsement, identification or variation is in a form acceptable to the Company). Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The terms of the Notes set forth in Exhibit A are part of the terms of this Indenture. Any portion
of the text of any Note may be set forth on the reverse thereof, with an appropriate reference thereto on the face of the Note. For the avoidance of doubt, no Opinion of Counsel shall be required on the Issue Date for the Trustees authentication
of the Initial Notes.

Notes offered and sold to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A shall, unless the Company otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or
more permanent global Notes substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (as such form may be modified in accordance with Section 301), except as otherwise permitted herein. Such Global Notes shall be referred to
collectively herein as the Rule 144A Global Notes, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, for credit to an account of an Agent Member, and shall be duly executed by the Company and
authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided. The aggregate principal amount of a Rule 144A Global Note may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or
its nominee, as hereinafter provided.

-35-

Notes offered and sold in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act shall, unless the Company otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more temporary
global Notes substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (as such form may be modified in accordance with Section 301), except as otherwise permitted herein. Such Global Notes shall be referred to herein as the Temporary

Regulation S Global Notes, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee for the accounts of designated Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream and shall be duly executed by the
Company and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided.

Following the expiration of the distribution compliance period set forth in Regulation S with respect to any Temporary Regulation S Global Note, beneficial interests in such Temporary Regulation S Global Note shall be
exchanged as provided in Sections 312 and 313 for beneficial interests in one or more permanent global Notes substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (as such form may be modified in accordance with Section
301), except as otherwise permitted herein. Such Global Notes shall be referred to herein as the PermanentRegulation S Global Notes and, together with the Temporary Regulation S Global Notes, as the Regulation S Global
Notes. The Permanent Regulation S Global Notes shall be deposited upon issuance with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary and registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, in each case, for credit to an account of an
Agent Member and shall be duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided. Simultaneously with the authentication of a Permanent Regulation S Global Note, the Trustee shall cancel the related Temporary
Regulation S Global Note. The aggregate principal amount of a Regulation S Global Note may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made in the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, as
hereinafter provided.

Subject to the limitations on the issuance of certificated Notes set forth in Sections 312 and 313, Notes issued pursuant to Section 305 in exchange for or upon transfer of beneficial interests
(x) in a Rule 144A Global Note shall be in the form of permanent certificated Notes substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (as such form may be modified in accordance with Section 301) (the Rule 144A Physical
Notes) or (y) in a Regulation S Global Note (if any), on or after the Regulation S Note Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Note, shall be in the form of permanent certificated Notes substantially in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A (as such form may be modified in accordance with Section 301) (the Regulation S Physical Notes), respectively, as hereinafter provided.

The Rule 144A Physical Notes and Regulation S Physical Notes shall be construed to include any certificated Notes issued in respect thereof pursuant to Section 304, 305, 306 or 1008, and
the Rule 144A Global Notes and Regulation S Global Notes shall be construed to include any global Notes issued in respect thereof pursuant to Section 304, 305, 306 or 1008. The Rule 144A Physical Notes and the
Regulation S Physical Notes, together with any other certificated Notes issued and authenticated pursuant to this Indenture, are sometimes collectively herein referred to as the Physical Notes. The Rule 144A Global Notes and the Regulation
S Global Notes, together with any other global Notes that are issued and authenticated pursuant to this Indenture, are sometimes collectively referred to as the Global Notes.

Section 202. Form of Trustees Certificate of Authentication. The Notes will have endorsed thereon a Trustees certificate of authentication in substantially the following form:

This is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Officer

Dated: 

-36-

If an appointment of an Authenticating Agent is made pursuant to Section 714, the Notes may have endorsed thereon, in lieu of the Trustees certificate of authentication, an alternative certificate of
authentication in substantially the following form:

This is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

[NAME]

as Trustee

By: 

Authenticating Agent

By: 

Authorized Officer

Dated: 

Section 203. Restrictive and Global Note Legends. Each Global Note and Physical Note (and all Notes issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall bear the following legend set forth below
(the Private Placement Legend) on the face thereof until the Private Placement Legend is removed or not required in accordance with Section 313(4):

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR
SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW. EACH PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF
SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A, REGULATION S OR ANOTHER EXEMPTION THEREUNDER.

BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON AND IS
ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT (AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR) AND (2) AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS PURCHASED NOTES, THAT IT WILL NOT WITHIN [ONE YEAR FOR NOTES ISSUED PURSUANT TO RULE 144A][40 DAYSFOR NOTES ISSUED
IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S] AFTER THE LATER OF THE DATE OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE AND THE DATE ON WHICH THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OWNED THIS NOTE, OFFER, RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE EXCEPT
(X) (I) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (II) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (III) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR THAT IS ACQUIRING THE NOTES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF SUCH AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR, IN EACH CASE IN A
MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THE NOTES OF $250,000, FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO OR FOR THE OFFER OR SALE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, AND THAT PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISHES (OR HAS
FURNISHED ON ITS BEHALF BY A U.S. BROKER DEALER) TO THE TRUSTEE A SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (THE FORM OF WHICH LETTER CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE FOR
THIS NOTE), (IV) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), (V) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF
AVAILABLE), (VI) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND BASED UPON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IF THE COMPANY SO REQUESTS) OR (VII) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT AND (Y) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS. BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE FURTHER AGREES THAT IT WILL GIVE TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE
IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE PURSUANT TO SUBCLAUSES (III) TO (VI) OF CLAUSE (X) ABOVE, AND THAT, THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISH TO THE TRUSTEE AND
THE COMPANY SUCH CERTIFICATIONS, LEGAL OPINIONS OR OTHER INFORMATION AS EITHER OF THEM MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. [IN THE CASE OF REGULATION S NOTES: BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON NOR IS IT PURCHASING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN
OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.] AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS OFFSHORE TRANSACTION, UNITED STATES AND U.S. PERSON HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

-37-

Each Global Note, whether or not an Initial Note, shall also bear the following legend on the face thereof:

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY
AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF CEDE & CO. OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 312 AND 313 OF THE INDENTURE (AS DEFINED HEREIN).

Each Temporary Regulation S Global Note shall also bear the following legend on the face thereof:

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON NOR IS IT PURCHASING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING
THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS OFFSHORE TRANSACTION, UNITED STATES AND U.S. PERSON HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT.

EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE, BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP INTERESTS IN THIS TEMPORARY REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE WILL NOT BE EXCHANGEABLE FOR INTERESTS IN THE PERMANENT REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE OR
ANY OTHER NOTE REPRESENTING AN INTEREST IN THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY WHICH DO NOT CONTAIN A LEGEND CONTAINING RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER, UNTIL THE EXPIRATION OF THE 40 DAY DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD
(WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 903(b)(2) OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT). DURING SUCH 40 DAY DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD, BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP INTERESTS IN THIS TEMPORARY REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED
TO A U.S. PERSON OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON.

-38-

Each note issued with original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes will contain a legend substantially to the following effect:

THIS NOTE IS ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 1271 ET SEQ. OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE. A HOLDER MAY OBTAIN THE ISSUE PRICE, AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, ISSUE DATE AND YIELD TO MATURITY FOR SUCH NOTE BY SUBMITTING A WRITTEN REQUEST FOR SUCH INFORMATION TO: WEX INC., 1 HANCOCK STREET, PORTLAND, MAINE 04101.

ARTICLE III

THE NOTES

Section 301. General Terms; Additional Notes. All Notes will vote (or consent) as a single class with the other Notes and otherwise be treated as a single class of Notes for all purposes of this
Indenture. Each Note will bear interest at a rate of 6.500% per annum from the Issue Date or from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or provided for, payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year (each such
date, an Interest Payment Date), commencing September 15, 2025, to Holders of record as of the close of business on March 1 or September 1, as applicable and whether or not a Business Day, immediately preceding each Interest Payment Date.

Additional Notes ranking pari passu with the Initial Notes may be created and issued from time to time by the Company without notice to or consent of the Holders and shall be
consolidated with and form a single class with the Initial Notes and shall have the same terms as to status, redemption or otherwise as the Initial Notes other than with respect to the date of issuance and, if applicable, original interest accrual
date and original interest payment date. Any Additional Notes may be issued with the benefit of an indenture supplemental to this Indenture; providedfurther, however, that in the
event any Additional Notes are not fungible with the Initial Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such non-fungible notes will be issued with a separate CUSIP number or ISIN so they are distinguishable from the Initial Notes.

The terms and provisions contained in the Notes will constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Indenture and the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of
this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the extent any provision of any Note conflicts with the express provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Indenture shall govern and be
controlling.

Section 302. Denominations. The Notes shall be issuable only in fully registered form, without coupons, and only in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

Section 303. Execution, Authentication and Delivery and Dating. The Notes shall be executed on behalf of the Company by one Officer of the Company. The signature of any such Officer on the Notes may
be manual or by facsimile or electronic signature.

Notes bearing the manual, facsimile or electronic signature of an individual who was at any time an Officer of the Company shall bind the Company, notwithstanding that such individual has ceased to hold such office
prior to the authentication and delivery of such Notes or did not hold such office at the date of such Notes.

-39-

At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company may deliver Notes executed by the Company to the Trustee for authentication; and the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver (i) Initial Notes for original issue in the aggregate principal amount not to exceed $550 million and (ii) Additional Notes from time to time for original issue in aggregate principal amounts specified by the Company (which shall have
identical terms as the Initial Notes, other than with respect to the date of issuance and, if applicable, original interest accrual date and original interest payment date), in each case specified in clauses (i) and (ii) above, upon a written order
of the Company in the form of an Officers Certificate of the Company (an Authentication Order). Such Authentication Order shall specify the amount of Notes to be authenticated and the date on which the Notes are to be authenticated, the
CUSIP, ISIN, Common Code or other similar identification numbers of such Notes, if any, whether the Notes are to be Initial Notes or Additional Notes, the issue price (in the case of Additional Notes) and whether the Notes are to be issued as
one or more Global Notes or Physical Notes and such other information as the Company may include or the Trustee may reasonably request.

All Notes shall be dated the date of their authentication.

No Note shall be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose, unless there appears on such Note a certificate of authentication substantially in the form provided for herein
executed by the Trustee by manual, electronic or facsimile signature, and such certificate upon any Note shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Note has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder.

Section 304. Temporary Notes. Until definitive Notes are ready for delivery, the Company may prepare and upon receipt of an Authentication Order the Trustee shall authenticate temporary Notes. 
Temporary Notes shall be substantially in the form of definitive Notes but may have variations that the Company considers appropriate for temporary Notes. If temporary Notes are issued, the Company will cause definitive Notes to be prepared
without unreasonable delay. After the preparation of definitive Notes, the temporary Notes shall be exchangeable for definitive Notes upon surrender of the temporary Notes at the office or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment, without
charge to the Holder. Upon surrender for cancellation of any one or more temporary Notes, the Company shall execute and upon receipt of an Authentication Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor a like principal amount
of definitive Notes of authorized denominations. Until so exchanged the temporary Notes shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as definitive Notes.

Section 305. Note Registrar and Paying Agent. The Company shall cause to be kept at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee a register (the register maintained in such office and in any other office
or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment being herein sometimes collectively referred to as the Note Register) in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, such Company shall provide for the
registration of Notes and of transfers of Notes. The Company may have one or more co-registrars. The term Note Registrar includes any co-registrars.

The Company initially appoints the Trustee as Note Registrar and Paying Agent in connection with the Notes, until such time as it has resigned or a successor has been appointed. The Company may have one or more
additional paying agents, and the term Paying Agent shall include any additional Paying Agent. The Company may change the Paying Agent or Note Registrar without prior notice to the Holders of Notes. The Company may enter into an appropriate
agency agreement with any Note Registrar or Paying Agent not a party to this Indenture. Any such agency agreement shall implement the provisions of this Indenture that relate to such agent. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of the
name and address of any such agent. If the Company fails to appoint or maintain a Note Registrar or Paying Agent, the Trustee shall act as such and shall be entitled to appropriate compensation therefor pursuant to Section 707. The
Company or any wholly-owned Domestic Subsidiary of the Company may act as Paying Agent (except for purposes of Section 1103 or Section 1205) or Note Registrar.

Upon surrender for transfer of any Note at the office or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment, in compliance with all applicable requirements of this Indenture and applicable law, the Company shall execute, and
the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Notes, of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount.

At the option of the Holder, Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at such office or agency. 
Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, the Notes that the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive.

-40-

All Notes issued upon any transfer or exchange of Notes shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Notes surrendered upon
such transfer or exchange.

Every Note presented or surrendered for transfer or exchange shall be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company duly executed, by the Holder thereof or
such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing.

No service charge shall be made for any registration, transfer or exchange of Notes, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in
connection therewith.

The Company shall not be required (i) to issue, transfer or exchange any Note during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 Business Days before the day of the mailing of a notice of redemption (or purchase)
of Notes selected for redemption (or purchase) under Section 1004 and ending at the close of business on the day of such mailing or (ii) to transfer or exchange any Note so selected for redemption (or purchase) in whole or in part.

Section 306. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Notes. If a mutilated Note is surrendered to the Note Registrar or if the Holder of a Note claims that the Note has been lost, destroyed or wrongfully
taken, the Company shall issue and the Trustee shall authenticate a replacement Note if the requirements of Section 8-405 of the Uniform Commercial Code are met, such that the Holder (a) notifies the Company or the Trustee within a reasonable time
after such Holder has notice of such loss, destruction or wrongful taking and the Note Registrar does not register a transfer prior to receiving such notification, (b) makes such request to the Company or the Trustee prior to the Note being
acquired by a protected purchaser as defined in Section 8-303 of the Uniform Commercial Code and (c) satisfies any other reasonable requirements of the Company. If required by the Trustee or the Company, such Holder shall furnish an indemnity bond
sufficient in the judgment of (i) the Trustee to protect the Trustee and (ii) the Company to protect the Company, the Trustee, a Paying Agent and the Note Registrar, from any loss that any of them may suffer if a Note is replaced.

In case any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note has become or is about to become due and payable, the Company in its discretion may, instead of issuing a new Note, pay such Note.

Upon the issuance of any new Note under this Section 306, the Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer or similar tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in
relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee) connected therewith.

Every new Note issued pursuant to this Section 306 in lieu of any destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost
or stolen Note shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and ratably with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder.

The provisions of this Section 306 are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes.

Section 307. Payment of Interest Rights Preserved. Interest on any Note that is payable, and is punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose
name that Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date.

-41-

Any interest on any Note that is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date (herein called Defaulted Interest) shall forthwith cease to be payable to the registered
Holder on the relevant Regular Record Date by virtue of having been such Holder; and such Defaulted Interest may be paid by the Company, at its election, as provided in clause (1) or clause (2) below:

(1) The Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Interest to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of
business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest, which shall be fixed in the following manner. The Company shall notify the Trustee and Paying Agent in writing of the amount of Defaulted Interest proposed to be
paid on each Note and the date of the proposed payment, and the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or Paying Agent an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount proposed to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Interest or shall make
arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee or Paying Agent for such deposit prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such Defaulted Interest as
provided in this clause (1). Thereupon the Company shall fix a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest which shall be not more than 15 nor less than 10 days prior to the date of the proposed payment and not less than 10
days after the receipt by the Trustee and the Paying Agent of the notice of the proposed payment. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee of such Special Record Date and shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted
Interest and the Special Record Date therefor to be given electronically or to be mailed, first class postage prepaid, or delivered to each Holder at such Holders address as it appears in the Note Register, not less than 10 days prior to such
Special Record Date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the Special Record Date therefor having been so given, such Defaulted Interest shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective
Predecessor Notes) are registered on such Special Record Date and shall no longer be payable pursuant to the following clause (2).

(2) The Company may make payment of any Defaulted Interest in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Notes may be listed,
and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange.

Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Section 307, each Note delivered under this Indenture upon transfer of or in exchange for or in lieu of any other Note shall carry the rights to interest accrued and
unpaid, and to accrue, that were carried by such other Note.

Section 308. Persons Deemed Owners. The Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor, the Trustee, the Paying Agent and any agent of any of them may treat the Person in whose name any Note is registered as the
owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of (and premium, if any), and (subject to Section 307) interest on, such Note and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not such Note be overdue, and neither the
Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor, the Trustee, the Paying Agent nor any agent of any of them shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Section 309. Cancellation. All Notes surrendered for payment, redemption, transfer, exchange or conversion shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the Trustee, be delivered to the Trustee and,
if not already cancelled, shall be promptly cancelled by it. The Company may at any time deliver to the Trustee for cancellation any Notes previously authenticated and delivered hereunder that the Company may have acquired in any manner
whatsoever, and all Notes so delivered shall be promptly cancelled by the Trustee. No Notes shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Notes cancelled as provided in this Section 309, except as expressly permitted by this
Indenture. All cancelled Notes held by the Trustee shall be disposed of by the Trustee in accordance with its customary procedures (subject to the record retention requirements of the Exchange Act).

Section 310. Computation of Interest. Interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

Section 311. CUSIP Numbers, ISINs, Etc. The Company in issuing Notes may use CUSIP numbers, ISINs and Common Code numbers (if then generally in use), and if so, the Trustee may use the CUSIP
numbers, ISINs and Common Code numbers in notices of redemption or exchange as a convenience to Holders; provided, however, that the Trustee is not liable for the accuracy of an CUSIP, ISIN or Common Code numbers printed on any
Note, notice or elsewhere, any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of such numbers printed in the notice or on the Notes; that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers
printed on the Notes; and that any redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Company shall promptly advise the Trustee in writing of any change in the ISINs and Common Code numbers.

-42-

Section 312. Book-Entry Provisions for Global Notes.

(a) Each Global Note initially shall (i) be registered in the name of the Depositary for such Global Note or the nominee of such Depositary, in each case for credit to the account of an Agent Member, and (ii)
be delivered to the Trustee as custodian for such Depositary. None of the Company, any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to
or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests of a Global Note, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

(b) Members of, or participants in, the Depositary (Agent Members) shall have no rights under this Indenture with respect to any Global Note held on their behalf
by the Depositary, or its custodian, or under such Global Notes. The Depositary may be treated by the Company, any other obligor upon the Notes, the Trustee and any agent of any of them as the absolute owner of the
Global Notes for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Company, any other obligor upon the Notes, the Trustee or any agent of any of them from giving effect to any written certification, proxy
or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent Members, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of a beneficial owner of any Note. The Holder of a Global
Note may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Agent Members and Persons that may hold interests through Agent Members, to take any action that a Holder is entitled to take under this Indenture or the Notes.

(c) Transfers of a Global Note shall be limited to transfers of such Global Note in whole, but, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, not in part, to the Depositary, its successors or their
respective nominees. Interests of beneficial owners in a Global Note may not be transferred or exchanged for Physical Notes unless (i) the Company has consented thereto in writing, or such transfer or exchange is made pursuant to the next
sentence, and (ii) such transfer or exchange is in accordance with the applicable rules and procedures of the Depositary and the provisions of Section 305 and Section 313. Subject to the limitation on issuance of Physical Notes set
forth in Section 313(3), Physical Notes shall be transferred to all beneficial owners in exchange for their beneficial interests in the relevant Global Note, if (i) the Depositary notifies the Company at any time that it is unwilling or
unable to continue as Depositary for the Global Notes and a successor depositary is not appointed within 120 days; (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a Clearing Agency under the Exchange Act and a successor depositary is not appointed
within 120 days; (iii) the Company, at its option, notifies the Trustee that it elects to cause the issuance of Physical Notes; or (iv) an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the Notes and the Trustee has received
a written request from the Depositary to issue Physical Notes.

(d) In connection with any transfer or exchange of a portion of the beneficial interest in any Global Note to beneficial owners for Physical Notes pursuant to Section 312(c), the Note Registrar shall
record on its books and records the date and a decrease in the principal amount of such Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest in the Global Note being transferred, and the Company shall execute, and upon receipt of an
Authentication Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, one or more Physical Notes of like principal amount of authorized denominations.

(e) In connection with a transfer of an entire Global Note to beneficial owners for Physical Notes pursuant to Section 312(c), the applicable Global Note shall be deemed to be surrendered to the
Trustee for cancellation, and the Company shall execute, and upon receipt of an Authentication Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, to each beneficial owner identified by the Depositary, in exchange for its beneficial interest in the
applicable Global Note, an equal aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Physical Notes (in the case of any Rule 144A Global Note) or Regulation S Physical Notes (in the case of any Regulation S Global Note), as the case may be, of authorized
denominations.

-43-

(f) The transfer and exchange of a Global Note or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with this Indenture (including applicable restrictions on transfer set
forth in Section 313) and the procedures therefor of the Depositary. Any beneficial interest in one of the Global Notes that is transferred to a Person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a different Global Note will, upon
transfer, cease to be an interest in such Global Note and become an interest in the other Global Note and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to beneficial interests in such
other Global Note for as long as it remains such an interest. A transferor of a beneficial interest in a Global Note shall deliver to the Note Registrar a written order given in accordance with the Depositarys procedures containing information
regarding the participant account of the Depositary to be credited with a beneficial interest in the relevant Global Note. Subject to Section 313, the Note Registrar shall, in accordance with such instructions, instruct the Depositary to
credit to the account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in such Global Note and to debit the account of the Person making the transfer the beneficial interest in the Global Note being transferred.

(g) Any Physical Note delivered in exchange for an interest in a Global Note pursuant to Section 312(c) shall, unless such exchange is made on or after the Resale Restriction Termination Date
applicable to such Note and except as otherwise provided in Section 203 and Section 313, bear the Private Placement Legend.

(h) Notwithstanding the foregoing, through the Restricted Period, a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Note may be held only through designated Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or
Clearstream unless delivery is made in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 313.

(i) The Trustee shall have no responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or obligation to any beneficial owner of a Global Note, a member of,
or a participant in, the Depositary or other Person with respect to the accuracy of the records of the Depositary or its nominee or of any participant or member thereof, with respect to any ownership interest in the Notes or with respect to the
delivery to any participant, member, beneficial owner, or other Person (other than the Depositary) of any notice (including any notice of redemption or purchase) of the payment of any amount or delivery of any Notes (or other security or property)
under or with respect to such Notes. The Trustee may rely and shall be fully protected in relying upon information furnished by the Depositary with respect to its members, participants, and any beneficial owners.

Section 313. Special Transfer Provisions.

(1) Transfers to Non-U.S. Persons. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Note that is a Restricted Security to any Non-U.S. Person: The
Note Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other applicable requirements of this Indenture (including Section 305) and,

(a) if (x) such transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Note or (y) the proposed transferor has delivered to the Note Registrar and the
Company and the Trustee a Regulation S Certificate and, unless otherwise agreed by the Company, an opinion of counsel, certifications and other information satisfactory to the Company, and

(b) if the proposed transferor is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial interest in a Global Note, upon receipt by the Note Registrar and the Company and the Trustee
of (x) the certificate, opinion, certifications and other information, if any, required by clause (a) above and (y) written instructions given in accordance with the procedures of the Note Registrar and of the Depositary;

whereupon (i) the Note Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and (if the transfer does not involve a transfer of any Outstanding Physical Note) a decrease in the principal amount of the relevant Global Note in an amount equal
to the principal amount of the beneficial interest in the relevant Global Note to be transferred, and (ii) either (A) if the proposed transferee is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial interest in a relevant Regulation S Global
Note, the Note Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and an increase in the principal amount of such Regulation S Global Note in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest being so transferred or (B)
otherwise the Company shall execute and (upon receipt of an Authentication Order) the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver one or more Physical Notes of like amount.

-44-

(2) Transfers to QIBs. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Note that is a Restricted Security to a QIB (excluding transfers to Non-U.S.
Persons): The Note Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other applicable requirements of this Indenture (including Section 305) and,

(a) if such transfer is being made by a proposed transferor who has checked the box provided for on the form of such Note stating, or has otherwise certified to the Note Registrar and the
Company and the Trustee in writing, that the sale has been made in compliance with the provisions of Rule 144A to a transferee who has signed the certification provided for on the form of such Note stating, or has otherwise certified to Note
Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that it is purchasing such Note for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account is a QIB within the meaning of
Rule 144A, and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information regarding the Company as it has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such
information and that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon its foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A; and

(b) if the proposed transferee is an Agent Member, and the Note to be transferred consists of a Physical Note that after transfer is to be evidenced by an interest in a Global Note or
consists of a beneficial interest in a Global Note that after the transfer is to be evidenced by an interest in a different Global Note, upon receipt by the Note Registrar of written instructions given in accordance with the Depositarys and the
Note Registrars procedures, whereupon the Note Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and an increase in the principal amount of the transferee Global Note in an amount equal to the principal amount of the Physical Note or such
beneficial interest in such transferor Global Note to be transferred, and the Trustee shall cancel the Physical Note so transferred or reflect on its books and records the date and a decrease in the principal amount of such transferor Global Note,
as the case may be.

(3) Limitation on Issuance of Physical Notes. No Physical Note shall be exchanged for a beneficial interest in any Global Note, except in accordance with Section 312 and this Section 313.

A beneficial owner of an interest in a Temporary Regulation S Global Note (and, in the case of any Additional Notes for which no Temporary Regulation S Global Note is issued, any Regulation S Global Note) shall not be
permitted to exchange such interest for a Physical Note or (in the case of such interest in a Temporary Regulation S Global Note) an interest in a Permanent Regulation S Global Note until a date, which must be after the end of the Restricted
Period, on which the Company receives a certificate of beneficial ownership substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C from such beneficial owner (a Certificate of Beneficial Ownership). Such date, as it relates to a
Regulation S Global Note, is herein referred to as the Regulation S Note Exchange Date.

(4) Private Placement Legend. Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Notes not bearing the Private Placement Legend, the Note Registrar shall deliver Notes that do not bear the Private
Placement Legend. Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Notes bearing the Private Placement Legend, the Note Registrar shall deliver only Notes that bear the Private Placement Legend unless (i) the requested transfer is after the relevant
Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Notes, (ii) upon written request of the Company after there is delivered to the Note Registrar an Opinion of Counsel (which opinion and counsel are satisfactory to the Company) to the effect
that neither such legend nor the related restrictions on transfer are required in order to maintain compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, (iii) with respect to a Regulation S Global Note (on or after the Regulation S Note Exchange
Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Note) or Regulation S Physical Note, in each case with the agreement of the Company, or (iv) such Notes are sold or exchanged pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act.

(5) Other Transfers. The Note Registrar shall effect and register, upon receipt of a written request from the Company to do so, a transfer not otherwise permitted by this Section 313, such
registration to be done in accordance with the otherwise applicable provisions of this Section 313, upon the furnishing by the proposed transferor or transferee of a written Opinion of Counsel (which opinion and counsel are satisfactory to
the Company) to the effect that, and such other certifications or information as the Company may require (including, in the case of a transfer to an Accredited Investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under Regulation D promulgated
under the Securities Act), a certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F) to confirm that, the proposed transfer is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration
requirements of the Securities Act.

-45-

A Note that is a Restricted Security may not be transferred other than as provided in this Section 313. A beneficial interest in a Global Note that is a Restricted Security may not be exchanged for a
beneficial interest in another Global Note other than through a transfer in compliance with this Section 313.

(6) General. By its acceptance of any Note bearing the Private Placement Legend, each Holder of such a Note acknowledges the restrictions on transfer of such Note set forth in this Indenture and in the
Private Placement Legend and agrees that it will transfer such Note only as provided in this Indenture.

The Note Registrar shall retain copies of all letters, notices and other written communications received pursuant to Section 312 or this Section 313 (including all Notes received for transfer pursuant
to this Section 313). The Company shall have the right to require the applicable Note Registrar to deliver to the Company, at the Companys expense, copies of all such letters, notices or other written communications at any reasonable time
upon the giving of reasonable written notice to the Note Registrar.

In connection with any transfer of any Note, the Trustee, the Note Registrar and the Company shall be entitled to receive, shall be under no duty to inquire into, may conclusively presume the correctness of, and shall
be fully protected in relying upon the certificates, opinions and other information referred to herein (or in the forms provided herein, attached hereto or to the Notes, or otherwise) received from any Holder and any transferee of any Note
regarding the validity, legality and due authorization of any such transfer, the eligibility of the transferee to receive such Note and any other facts and circumstances related to such transfer.

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Trustee nor the Note Registrar shall be responsible for ascertaining whether a transfer complies with the registration provisions of or exemptions
from the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws.

ARTICLE IV

COVENANTS

Section 401. Payment of Principal, Premium and Interest. The Company shall duly and punctually pay the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Notes in accordance with the terms of such
Notes and this Indenture. Principal amount (and premium, if any) and interest on the Notes shall be considered paid on the date due if the Company shall have deposited with the Paying Agent (if other than the Company or another wholly-owned
Domestic Subsidiary of the Company) as of 11:00 a.m. New York City time on the due date money in immediately available funds and designated for and sufficient to pay all principal amount (and premium, if any) and interest then due. At the option
of the Company, payment of interest on such Note may be made through the Paying Agent by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account designated to the Company by the Person entitled thereto or by check mailed to the address of the
Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Note Register. If the maturity date, any interest payment date or any earlier payment date for a Change of Control Offer or redemption (or any regular interest payment date) falls on a
day that is not a Business Day, the related payment of principal and interest will be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from and
after such date to the next Business Day. In no event shall the Trustee, acting in any capacity under this Indenture, be liable for interest on any money received by it.

Section 402. Maintenance of Office or Agency.

(a) The Company shall maintain in the United States an office or agency where such Notes may be presented or surrendered for payment, where such Notes may be surrendered for transfer or exchange and where
notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of such Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Company shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and of any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at
any time the Company shall fail to maintain such office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee;
provided that no service of legal process may be made against the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor at any office of the Trustee.

-46-

(b) The Company may also from time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all purposes and may from time to time rescind such
designations.

The Company hereby designates the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, as one such office or agency of the Company in accordance with Section 305.

Section 403. Money for Payments to Be Held in Trust. If the Company shall at any time act as Paying Agent, it shall, on or before 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on each due date of the principal of
(and premium, if any) or interest on, any of such Notes, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto a sum sufficient to pay the principal (and premium, if any) or interest so becoming due until such sums shall be
paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided, and shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of its action or failure so to act.

If the Company is not acting as Paying Agent, it shall, on or prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on each due date of the principal of (and premium, if any) or interest on, such Notes, deposit with a Paying Agent
a sum sufficient to pay the principal (and premium, if any) or interest, so becoming due, such sum to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such principal, premium or interest, and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the
Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of its action or failure so to act.

If the Company is not acting as Paying Agent, the Company shall cause any Paying Agent other than the Trustee to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such Paying Agent shall agree with the Trustee,
subject to the provisions of this Section 403, that such Paying Agent shall:

(1) hold all sums held by it for the payment of principal of (and premium, if any) or interest on the Notes in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto until such sums shall
be paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided;

(2) give the Trustee notice of any default by the Company (or any other obligor upon the Notes) in the making of any such payment of principal (and premium, if any) or interest;

(3) at any time during the continuance of any such default, upon the written request of the Trustee, forthwith pay to the Trustee all sums so held in trust by such Paying Agent; and

(4) acknowledge, accept and agree to comply in all respects with the provisions of this Indenture relating to the duties, rights and liabilities of such Paying Agent.

The Company may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining the satisfaction and discharge of such Notes, this Indenture or for any other purpose, pay, or by Company Order direct
any Paying Agent to pay, to the Trustee all sums held in trust by the Company or such Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Trustee upon the same trusts as those upon which such sums were held by the Company or such Paying Agent; and, upon such
payment by any Paying Agent to the Trustee, such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such money.

Any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of principal of (and premium, if any) or interest on any Note and
remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal (and premium, if any) or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on Company Request, or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from such trust; and the
Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for payment thereof unless an applicable abandoned property law designates another Person, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with
respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease.

-47-

Section 404. [Reserved].

Section 405. SEC Reports.

(a) So long as any Notes are outstanding, the Company shall furnish to the holders:

(i) within 90 days following the end of each fiscal year of the Company ending after the Issue Date (or such longer period as would be permitted by the SEC if the Company (or, any
Parent whose financial statements satisfy the Companys reporting obligations under this Section 405) were then subject to SEC reporting requirements as a non-accelerated filer), the consolidated financial statements of the Company for
such year prepared in accordance with GAAP, together with a report thereon by the Companys independent auditors, and a Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations with respect to such financial
statements substantially similar to that which would be included in an Annual Report on Form 10-K (as in effect on the Issue Date) filed with the SEC by the Company (if the Company were required to prepare and file such form); it being
understood that the Company shall not be required to include any separate consolidating financial information with respect to the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor or any other affiliate of the Company, or any separate financial statements or
information for the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor or any other affiliate of the Company;

(ii) within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of the Company in each fiscal year of the Company (or such longer period as would be permitted by the SEC if
the Company (or, any Parent whose financial statements satisfy the Companys reporting obligations under this Section 405) were then subject to SEC reporting requirements as a non-accelerated filer), beginning with the first such fiscal
quarter ending after the Issue Date, the condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company for such quarter prepared in accordance with GAAP, together with a Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations with respect to such financial statements substantially similar to that which would be included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (as in effect on the Issue Date) filed with the SEC by the Company (if the Company were required to
prepare and file such form); it being understood that the Company shall not be required to include any separate consolidating financial information with respect to the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor or any other affiliate of the Company, or
any separate financial statements or information for the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor or any other affiliate of the Company; and

(iii) information substantially similar to the information that would be required to be included in a Current Report on Form 8-K (as in effect on the Issue Date) filed with the SEC by the
Company (if the Company were required to prepare and file such form) pursuant to Item 1.03 (Bankruptcy or Receivership), 2.01 (Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets) or 5.01 (Changes in Control of Registrant) of such form (and in
any event excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the financial statements, pro forma financial information and exhibits, if any, that would be required by Item 9.01 (Financial Statements and Exhibits) of such form), within 15 days after the
date of filing that would have been required for a current report on Form 8-K.

In addition, to the extent not satisfied by the foregoing, for so long as the Notes remain subject to this paragraph (a), the Company will furnish to Holders of the Notes thereof and prospective investors in such
Notes, upon their request, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) (as in effect on the Issue Date). In connection with this covenant, it being understood that the Company shall not be required to provide (i) segment
reporting and disclosure (including any required by FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 280), (ii) separate financial statements or other information contemplated by Rules 3-05, 3-09, 3-10, 3-16, 13-01 or 13-02 of Regulation S-X (or any
successor provisions) or any schedules required by Regulation S-X, (iii) information required by Regulation G under the Exchange Act or Item 10(e) or Item 402 of Regulation S-K (or any successor provision) or exhibits that would have been required
to be filed pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K, (iv) XBRL exhibits, (v) earnings per share information, (vi) information regarding executive compensation and related party disclosure related to SEC Release Nos. 33-8732A, 34-54302A and
IC-27444A, and (vii) other information customarily excluded from an offering memorandum, including any information that is not otherwise of the type and form currently included in the Offering Memorandum; other than, with respect to this clause
(vii), with respect to reports provided under clause (iii) of the immediately preceding paragraph. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company will not be required to (i) comply with Sections 302, 404 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, as amended, or (ii) otherwise furnish any information, certificates or reports required by Items 307, 308 or 308T of Regulation S-K (or any successor provision).

-48-

Substantially concurrently with the furnishing or making available to the Trustee of the information specified in Section 405(a) pursuant thereto, the Company shall also (1) use its commercially reasonable
efforts (i) to post copies of such reports on such website as may be then maintained by the Company, or (ii) to post copies of such reports on a website (which may be nonpublic) to which access is given to Holders of the Notes, prospective
investors in the Notes (which prospective investors shall be limited to qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A of the Securities Act that certify their status as such to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company), and
securities analysts (to the extent providing research and analysis of investment in the Notes to investors and prospective investors therein) and market-making financial institutions reasonably satisfactory to the Company, or (iii) otherwise to
provide substantially comparable availability of such reports (as determined by the Company in good faith) (it being understood that, without limitation, making such reports available on Bloomberg or another private electronic information service
shall constitute substantially comparable availability), or (2) to the extent the Company determines in good faith that it cannot make such reports available in the manner described in the preceding clause (1) after the use of its commercially
reasonable efforts, furnish such reports to the Holders of the Notes, upon their request.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company will be deemed to have satisfied the reporting requirements referred to in Section 405(a) if the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company
has filed reports containing such information with the SEC or posted to any website.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the financial statements, information and other reports required to be provided pursuant to Section 405(a) may be those of any direct or indirect parent of the
Company, provided that if the financial information so furnished relates to such direct or indirect parent of the Company, the same is accompanied by consolidating information that explains in reasonable
detail (in the good faith judgment of the Company) the differences between the information relating to such parent, on the one hand, and the information relating to the Company and its Subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand.

The Trustee shall have no duty to review or analyze reports delivered to it. Delivery of such reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the
Trustees receipt of such shall not constitute actual or constructive notice or knowledge of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys compliance with any of its covenants
hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on an Officers Certificate). The Trustee shall have no liability or responsibility for the filing, timeliness, or content of such reports, information or other documents. The
Trustee shall further not be obligated to monitor or confirm, on a continuing basis or otherwise, any reports or other documents filed with the SEC or EDGAR or any website hereunder, or participate in any conference calls.

Section 406. Statement as to Default. The Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company commencing with the Companys

fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, an Officers Certificate to the effect that to the best knowledge of the signer thereof (on behalf of the Company) the Company is or is not in default in the performance and observance of any of the terms,
provisions and conditions of this Indenture applicable to the Company (without regard to any period of grace or requirement of notice provided hereunder) and, if the Company shall be in default, specifying all such defaults and the nature and
status thereof of which such signer may have knowledge.

Section 407. [Reserved].

Section 408. [Reserved].

Section 409. [Reserved].

Section 410. [Reserved].

-49-

Section 411. [Reserved].

Section 412. Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary (other than the Bank Regulated Subsidiaries) to, engage in any Sale and Leaseback
Transaction with respect to any Property unless:

(i) the Sale and Leaseback Transaction was entered into prior to the Issue Date;

(ii) the Sale and Leaseback Transaction is solely with the Company and/or one or more Subsidiaries of the Company (other than the Bank Regulated Subsidiaries);

(iii) the lease is for a period not in excess of 36 months, including renewals;

(iv) the Company or such Subsidiary would (at the time of entering into such arrangement) be entitled, without equally and ratably securing the Notes then outstanding under this
Indenture, to Incur a Lien on such Property securing Indebtedness in the amount of the Attributable Debt arising from such Sale and Leaseback Transaction;

(v) the Company or such Subsidiary, within 360 days after the sale of such Property in connection with such Sale and Leaseback Transaction is completed, applies an amount equal to the
net proceeds of the sale of such Property to (a) the prepayment, repayment, redemption, purchase or retirement of Notes or other long-term Indebtedness of the Company or such Subsidiary, (b) the purchase, construction, development, expansion or
improvement of assets or (c) a combination thereof; or

(vi) the Attributable Debt of the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than the Bank Regulated Subsidiaries) in respect of such Sale and Leaseback Transaction and all other Attributable
Debt of the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than the Bank Regulated Subsidiaries) in respect of Sale and Leaseback Transactions entered into after the Issue Date then outstanding (other than any such Sale and Leaseback Transaction as would
be permitted as described in clauses (i) through (v) of this Section 412, would not exceed the greater of (x) the greater of (i) $295 million and (ii) 25.0% of Consolidated EBITDA for the last period of four fiscal
quarters ending prior to the date of such determination for which consolidated financial statements of the Company are available, and (y) an amount that does not cause the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio to exceed 4.00 to 1.00; provided
that any Attributable Debt of the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than the Bank Regulated Subsidiaries) in respect of Sale and Leaseback Transactions entered into pursuant to this clause (vi) shall, in each case, be deemed to be
secured by a Lien on the Property of the Company and its Subsidiaries for purposes of calculating such Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio irrespective of whether such Attributable Debt actually constitutes secured Indebtedness.

Section 413. Limitation on Liens. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary (other than the Bank Regulated Subsidiaries) to, directly or indirectly, create or permit to exist any Lien
(other than Permitted Liens) on any of its property or assets (including Capital Stock of any other Person), whether owned on the date of this Indenture or thereafter acquired, securing any Indebtedness (an Initial Lien), unless either:

(a) in the case of an Initial Lien securing any Subordinated Obligations, the Notes and the related Subsidiary Guarantees are secured by a Lien on such property or assets that is senior
in priority to such Initial Lien; or

(b) in all other cases, the Notes and the related Subsidiary Guarantees are secured equally and ratably with, or on a senior-priority basis to, such Initial Lien.

-50-

Any such Lien thereby created in favor of the Notes or any such related Subsidiary Guarantee pursuant to clause (a) or (b) of the immediately preceding paragraph will be automatically and
unconditionally released and discharged upon (i) the release and discharge of the Initial Lien to which it relates, (ii) in the case of any such Lien in favor of any such Subsidiary Guarantee, upon the termination and discharge of such Subsidiary
Guarantee in accordance with the terms of Section 1303 or (iii) any sale, exchange or transfer (other than a transfer constituting a transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company that is governed by Section 501)
to any Person that is not an Affiliate of the Company of the property or assets secured by such Initial Lien, or of all of the Capital Stock held by the Company or any Subsidiary in, or all or substantially all the assets of, any Subsidiary
creating such Initial Lien.

Section 414. Future Subsidiary Guarantors. The Company will cause each Wholly Owned Domestic Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Domestic Guaranty Subsidiary) that (x) guarantees payment by the Company
or any Subsidiary Guarantor of any Indebtedness of the Company or any such Subsidiary Guarantor under any of the Senior Credit Facilities (or any refinancing or replacements thereof in the form of long-term senior secured Indebtedness) and (y) is
not a Subsidiary Guarantor at the time such guarantee is provided (or at the time it becomes such a borrower) to execute and deliver to the Trustee, within 60 days thereafter, a supplemental indenture substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit E pursuant to which such Wholly Owned Domestic Subsidiary will guarantee payment of the Notes, whereupon such Wholly Owned Domestic Subsidiary will become a Subsidiary Guarantor for all purposes under this Indenture. The Company will also
have the right to cause any other Subsidiary to guarantee payment of the Notes.

Section 415. Purchase of Notes Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.

(a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, each Holder of Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or any part of such Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to
101.0% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of repurchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant
Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the purchase date pursuant to Section 307); provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to repurchase Notes pursuant to this Section 415 in the event that
it has exercised its right to redeem all of the Notes as provided in Article X.

(b) [Reserved].

(c) Unless the Company has exercised its right to redeem all the Notes as described in Article X, the Company shall, not later than 30 days following the date that any Change of Control Triggering
Event shall have occurred, mail or otherwise deliver in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC a notice (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder with a copy to the Trustee stating: (1) that a Change of Control Triggering Event
has occurred or may occur and that such Holder has, or upon such occurrence will have, the right to require the Company to purchase such Holders Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101.0% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and
unpaid interest, if any, to but not including, the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on a record date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the purchase date); (2) the
repurchase date (which shall be no earlier than 10 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed, except that such notice may be delivered more than 60 days prior to the purchase date if the purchase date is delayed as provided in
clause (4) of this Section 415(c)); (3) the instructions determined by the Company, consistent with this Section 415, that a Holder must follow in order to have its Notes purchased; and (4) if such notice is mailed or
otherwise delivered prior to the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, that such offer is conditioned on the occurrence of such Change of Control Triggering Event and that the purchase date may, in the Companys discretion, be delayed
until such time as the Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred. No Note will be repurchased in part if less than $2,000 in original principal amount of such Note would be left outstanding and all Notes tendered must be in increments of
$1,000.

(d) The Company will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer with respect to any Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at
the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in this Indenture applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Company and purchases all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer.

-51-

(e) If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a Change of Control Offer and the Company, or any third party making
a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Company as described in Section 415(d), purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Company or such third party will have the right, upon not less than 10 nor
more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to such Change of Control Offer, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a price in cash equal to 101.0% of the principal
amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest to but not including the date of such redemption (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date falling prior to
or on the Redemption Date).

(f) The Company will comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Section 14(e) of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes
pursuant to this Section 415. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with provisions of this Section 415, the Company will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and
will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 415 by virtue thereof.

(g) A Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control Triggering Event, conditional upon such Change of Control Triggering Event, if a definitive agreement that if fully performed would
result in a Change of Control is in effect at the time of making of the Change of Control Offer.

ARTICLE V

SUCCESSORS

Section 501. When the Company May Merge, Etc..

(a) (1) The Company will not consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, lease or otherwise transfer all or substantially all its assets on a consolidated basis to, any Person, unless:

(i) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the Successor Company) will be a Person organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State
thereof or the District of Columbia and the Successor Company (if not the Company) will expressly assume all the obligations of the Company under the Notes and this Indenture by executing and delivering to the Trustee an Officers Certificate
and a supplemental indenture to this Indenture or one or more other documents or instruments in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee;

(ii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction (and treating any Indebtedness that becomes an obligation of the Successor Company or any Subsidiary hereunder as a result of
such transaction as having been Incurred by the Successor Company or such Subsidiary at the time of such transaction), no Default will have occurred and be continuing hereunder;

(iii) [reserved];

(iv) each Subsidiary Guarantor (other than (x) any Subsidiary Guarantor that will be released from its obligations under its Subsidiary Guarantee in connection with such transaction and
(y) any party to any such consolidation or merger) shall have delivered a supplemental indenture to this Indenture or other document or instrument in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, confirming its Subsidiary Guarantee (other than
any Subsidiary Guarantee that will be discharged or terminated in connection with such transaction; and

(v) the Company will have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each to the effect that such
consolidation, merger or transfer complies with the provisions described in this Section 501(a); provided that (x) in giving such opinion such counsel
may rely on an Officers Certificate as to compliance with the foregoing clause (ii) and as to any matters of fact, and (y) no Opinion of Counsel will be required for a consolidation, merger or transfer described in Section 501(a)(2).

-52-

(2) Section 501(a)(ii) will not apply to any transaction in which the Company consolidates or merges with or into or transfers all or substantially all its properties and assets to (x) an Affiliate incorporated
or organized for the purpose of reincorporating or reorganizing the Company in another jurisdiction or changing its legal structure to a corporation, limited liability company or other entity or (y) a Subsidiary of the Company so long as all assets
of the Company and the Subsidiaries immediately prior to such transaction (other than Capital Stock of such Subsidiary) are owned by such Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries immediately after the consummation thereof; provided that, in the case of
clauses (x) and (y), (a) so long as the amount of Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries is not thereby increased and (b) the Successor Company (in the case of a consolidation, merger or transfer involving the Company or a Guarantor)
assumes all the obligations of the Company or Guarantor, as applicable, under this Indenture and the Notes or its Guarantee, as the case may be, pursuant to a supplemental indenture in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee. Section
501(a) will not apply to (x) any transaction in which any Subsidiary consolidates with, merges into or transfers all or part of its assets to the Company and (y) any Permitted Restructuring Transaction.

(b) (1) No Guarantor will consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, lease or otherwise transfer all or substantially all its assets to, any Person, unless:

(i) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the Successor Guarantor) will be a Person organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State
thereof or the District of Columbia and the Successor Company (if not the Company) will expressly assume all the obligations of a Guarantor under the Notes and this Indenture by executing and delivering to the Trustee an Officers Certificate
and a supplemental indenture to this Indenture or one or more other documents or instruments in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee;

(ii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction (and treating any Indebtedness that becomes an obligation of the Successor Guarantor hereunder as a result of such transaction as
having been Incurred by the Successor Guarantor at the time of such transaction), no Default will have occurred and be continuing hereunder; and

(iii) such Guarantor or Successor Guarantor will have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each to the effect that such consolidation, merger or
transfer complies with the provisions described in this paragraph; provided that (x) in giving such opinion such counsel may rely on an Officers Certificate as
to compliance with the foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii) and as to any matters of fact, and (y) no Opinion of Counsel will be required for a consolidation, merger or transfer described in Section 501(b)(2).

(2) Section 501(b)(ii) will not apply to any transaction in which a Guarantor consolidates or merges with or into or transfers all or substantially all its properties and assets to (x) an Affiliate incorporated or organized for the purpose of reincorporating or reorganizing the Guarantor in another jurisdiction or changing its legal structure to a corporation, limited liability company or other entity or (y) a Subsidiary of the Company under this Indenture so long as all assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries immediately prior to such transaction (other than Capital Stock of such Subsidiary) are owned by such
Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries immediately after the consummation thereof; provided that, in the case of clauses (x) and (y), (a) so long as the amount of Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries
is not thereby increased and (b) the Successor Company (in the case of a consolidation, merger or transfer involving the Company or a Guarantor) assumes all the obligations of the Company or Guarantor, as applicable, under this Indenture and the
Notes or its Guarantee, as the case may be, pursuant to a supplemental indenture in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee. Section 501(b) will not apply to (x) any transaction in which any
Subsidiary consolidates with, merges into or transfers all or part of its assets to the Company, (y) any Permitted Restructuring Transaction and (z) a transaction pursuant to which such Guarantor shall be
released from its obligations under this Indenture and the Notes in accordance with Article XIII hereof.

Section 502.Successor Company Substituted. Upon any transaction involving the Company in accordance with Section 501 in which the Company is not the
Successor Company, the Successor Company will succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under the Note Documents, and thereafter the predecessor Company shall be
relieved of all obligations and covenants under the Note Documents, except that the predecessor Company in the case of a lease of all or substantially all its assets will not be released from the obligation to pay the principal of and interest on
the Notes.

-53-

ARTICLE VI

REMEDIES

Section 601. Events of Default.

(a) An Event of Default means the occurrence of the following:

(i) a default in any payment of interest on any Note when due, continued for 30 days;

(ii) a default in the payment of principal of any Note when due, whether at its Stated Maturity, upon optional redemption, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or
otherwise;

(iii) [reserved];

(iv) the failure to comply with any other covenant or agreement in the Notes or in this Indenture (other than a failure that is the subject of the foregoing clause (i) or (ii)) and such
failure continues for 60 days after written notice is given to the Company as provided below, provided that in the case of a failure to comply with the covenant described under Section 405 above, such period of continuance of such
failure shall be 180 days after written notice is given to the Company as provided below;

(v) the failure by the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (or group of Subsidiaries that, taken together (as of the latest audited consolidated financial statements) would constitute
a Significant Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary)) under this Indenture to pay any Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than Indebtedness owed to the Company or any Subsidiary) within any applicable grace period after final
maturity or the acceleration of any such Indebtedness by the holders thereof because of a default, if the total amount of such Indebtedness so unpaid or accelerated exceeds $150.0 million or its foreign currency equivalent; provided that no Default or Event of Default will be deemed to occur with respect to any such Indebtedness that is paid or otherwise acquired or retired (or for which such failure to pay or acceleration is
waived or rescinded) within 30 Business Days after such failure to pay or such acceleration;

(vi) [reserved];

(vii) the taking of any of the following actions by the Company or a Significant Subsidiary, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law:

(A) the commencement of a voluntary case;

(B) the consent to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case;

(C) the consent to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for any substantial part of its property; or

(D) the making of a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors;

(viii) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:

(A) is for relief against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary in an involuntary case;

-54-

(B) appoints a Custodian of the Company or any Significant Subsidiary or for any substantial part of its property; or

(C) orders the winding up or liquidation of the Company or any Significant Subsidiary;

and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 days;

(ix) the rendering of any final non-appealable judgment or decree for the payment of money in an amount (net of any insurance or indemnity payments actually received in respect thereof
prior to or within 60 days from the entry thereof) in excess of $150.0 million or its foreign currency equivalent against the Company or a Significant Subsidiary that is not discharged, or bonded or insured by a third Person, if such final
non-appealable judgment or decree remains outstanding for a period of 60 days after such judgment becomes final and non-appealable, and is not discharged, waived or stayed; or

(x) the failure of any Subsidiary Guarantee of the Notes by a Subsidiary Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary to be in full force and effect (except as contemplated by the terms
thereof or of this Indenture) or the denial or disaffirmation in writing by any Subsidiary Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary of its obligations under this Indenture or any Subsidiary Guarantee of the Notes (other than by reason of the
termination of this Indenture or such Subsidiary Guarantee or the release of such Subsidiary Guarantee in accordance with such Subsidiary Guarantee or this Indenture).

The term Bankruptcy Law means Title 11, United States Code, or any similar Federal, state or foreign law for the relief of debtors. The term Custodian means any receiver, trustee, assignee,
liquidator, custodian or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

However, a Default under Section 601(a)(iv) will not constitute an Event of Default hereunder until the Trustee or the Holders of at least 30.0% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes notify the Company
in writing of the Default and the Company does not cure such Default within the time specified in such clause after receipt of such notice; provided that a notice of Default may not be given with respect to any action taken, and reported to
holders of the Notes, more than two years prior to such notice of Default.

(b) Any notice of Default, notice of acceleration or instruction to the Trustee to provide a notice of Default, notice of acceleration or take any other action (each of the foregoing, a Noteholder
Direction) provided by any one or more holders (each, a Directing Holder) must be accompanied by a signed Position Representation and Verification Form (in the form attached to this Indenture) delivered to the Company and the
Trustee (a Position Representation and Verification Form). The Position Representation and Verification Form will contain a representation that the applicable Directing Holder is not (or, in the case such holder is DTC or its nominee,
that such holder is being instructed solely by beneficial owners that have represented to such holder that they are not) Net Short (a Position Representation), which representation, in the case of a Noteholder Direction relating to the
delivery of a notice of Default shall be deemed a continuing representation until the resulting Event of Default is cured or otherwise ceases to exist or the Notes are accelerated. The Position Representation and Verification Form will also
contain a covenant by the applicable Directing Holder to provide the Company with such other information as the Company may reasonably request from time to time in order to verify the accuracy of such Noteholders Position Representation within
five Business Days of request therefor (a Verification Covenant). In any case in which the holder is DTC or its nominee, any Position Representation and Verification Form required hereunder shall be provided by the beneficial owner of the
Notes in lieu of DTC or its nominee and DTC shall be entitled to conclusively rely on such Position Representation and Verification Form in delivering its direction to the Trustee. In no event shall the Trustee have any liability or obligation to
ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Holder is Net Short and/or whether such Holder has delivered any related certifications under this Indenture or in connection with the Notes or if any such certifications comply with this Indenture,
the Notes, or any other documents. It is understood and agreed that the Company and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on each representation, deemed representation and certification made by, and covenant of, each beneficial owner provided for
in this paragraph. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, the Notes or any other document, the provisions of this paragraph shall apply and survive with respect to each beneficial owner notwithstanding that any such Person may have
ceased to be a beneficial owner, this Indenture may have been terminated or the Notes may have been redeemed in full.

-55-

(c) If, following the delivery of a Noteholder Direction, but prior to acceleration of the Notes, the Company determines in good faith that there is a reasonable basis to believe a Directing Holder was, at
any relevant time, in breach of its Position Representation and provides to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that the Company has initiated litigation (Litigation) with a court of competent jurisdiction seeking a
determination that such Directing Holder was, at such time, in breach of its Position Representation, and seeking to invalidate any Event of Default or acceleration (or notice thereof) that resulted from the applicable Noteholder Direction, the
cure period with respect to such Default shall be automatically stayed and the cure period with respect to such Event of Default shall be automatically reinstituted and any remedy stayed pending a final and non-appealable determination of a
court of competent jurisdiction on such matter (a Final Decision). Once such Officers Certificate has been provided to the Trustee, the Trustee shall take no further action pursuant to the related Noteholder Direction until it has
actual knowledge of a Final Decision. If, following the delivery of a Noteholder Direction, but prior to acceleration of the Notes, the Company provides to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that a Directing Holder failed to satisfy
its Verification Covenant (a Verification Covenant Officers Certificate), the cure period with respect to such Default shall be automatically stayed and the cure period with respect to any Default or Event of Default that resulted
from the applicable Noteholder Direction shall be automatically reinstituted and any remedy stayed pending satisfaction of such Verification Covenant, and the Trustee shall take no further action pursuant to the related Noteholder Direction
until the Company provides a subsequent Officers Certificate to the Trustee that such Verification Covenant has been satisfied (a Covenant Satisfaction Officers Certificate). The Company shall promptly deliver a Covenant Satisfaction
Officers Certificate following satisfaction by the applicable Directing Holder of its Verification Covenant. Any breach of the Position Representation shall result in such holders participation in such Noteholder Direction being disregarded;
and, if, without the participation of such holder, the percentage of Notes held by the remaining holders that provided such Noteholder Direction would have been insufficient to validly provide such Noteholder Direction, such Noteholder
Direction shall be void ab initio, with the effect that such Event of Default shall be deemed never to have occurred, any acceleration voided and the Trustee shall be deemed not to have received such Noteholder Direction or any notice of such
Default or Event of Default.

(d) For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any Noteholder Direction delivered to it in accordance with this Indenture, shall have no duty to inquire as to or
investigate the accuracy of any Position Representation, enforce compliance with any Verification Covenant, verify any statements in any Officers Certificate delivered to it, or otherwise make calculations, investigations or determinations
with respect to Derivative Instruments, Net Shorts, Long Derivative Instruments, Short Derivative Instruments or otherwise and shall have no liability for ceasing to take any action, staying any remedy or otherwise failing to act in accordance
with a Noteholder Direction during the pendency of a Litigation or a Noteholder Direction after a Verification Covenant Officers Certificate has been provided to it but prior to receipt of a Covenant Satisfaction Officers Certificate. The
Trustee shall have no liability or responsibility to the Company, any holder or any other Person in acting in good faith on a Noteholder Direction.

(e) The Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 30 days after the occurrence thereof, written notice in the form of an Officers Certificate of any Event of Default under Section 601(a)(v) or
Section 601(a)(ix) and any event that with the giving of notice or the lapse of time would become an Event of Default under Section 601(a)(iv), its status and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect
thereto.

(f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default under Section 601(a)(vii) or Section 601(a)(viii) occurs and is continuing under this Indenture, the principal of and accrued but
unpaid interest on all the Notes will become immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holders of the Notes.

Section 602. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment. If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 601(a)(vii) or Section 601(a)(viii) with
respect to the Company) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by written notice to the Company, or the Holders of at least 30.0% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes by written notice to the Company and the Trustee, in either case
specifying in such notice the respective Event of Default and that such notice is a notice of acceleration, may declare the principal of and accrued but unpaid interest on all the Notes to be due and payable. Upon the effectiveness of such a
declaration and subject to the Sections 601(b), (c) and (d), such principal and interest will be due and payable immediately.

-56-

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default specified in Section 601(a)(vii) or Section 601(a)(viii) with respect to the Company occurs and is continuing, the principal of and accrued but
unpaid interest on all the Outstanding Notes will ipso facto become immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder.

The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes by notice to the Company and the Trustee may rescind an acceleration and its consequences if the rescission would not conflict with any
judgment or decree and if all existing Events of Default have been cured or waived except non-payment of principal or interest that has become due solely because of such acceleration. No such rescission shall affect any subsequent Default or
impair any right consequent thereto.

Section 603. Other Remedies; Collection Suit by Trustee. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may, but is not obligated under this Section 603 to, pursue any
available remedy to collect the payment of principal of or interest on the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of the Notes or this Indenture. If an Event of Default specified in Section 601(a)(i) or 601(a)(ii)
occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Company for the whole amount then due and owing (together with interest on any unpaid interest to the extent lawful) and
the amounts provided for in Section 707.

Section 604. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim. The Trustee may file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee
and the Holders allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes, its creditors or its property and, unless prohibited by law or applicable regulations, may vote on behalf of the Holders in any
election of a trustee in bankruptcy or other Person performing similar functions, and any Custodian in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall
consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due to it for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and its counsel, and any other amounts
due the Trustee under Section 707.

No provision of this Indenture shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition
affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder thereof or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.

Section 605. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Notes. All rights of action and claims under this Indenture or the Notes may be prosecuted and enforced by the Trustee without the
possession of any of the Notes or the production thereof in any proceeding relating thereto, and any such proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall,
after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes in respect of which such judgment has been
recovered.

Section 606. Application of Money Collected. Any money or property collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article VI shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed
by the Trustee and, in case of the distribution of such money or property on account of principal (or premium, if any) or interest, upon presentation of the Notes and the notation thereon of the payment if only partially paid and upon surrender
thereof if fully paid:

First: to the payment of all amounts due to the Trustee, its agents and attorneys under Section 707,
including payment of all reasonable and documented compensation, expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and the reasonable and documented costs and expenses of collection;

-57-

Second: to the payment in full of the Obligations in respect of the Notes (including the Subsidiary Guarantees)
(the amounts so applied to be distributed among the holders of such Obligations pro rata in accordance with the amounts of the obligations owed to them on the date of such distribution); and

Third: to the Company or such other Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, their successors or assigns, or as a
court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct.

Section 607. Limitation on Suits. No Holder may pursue any remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes unless:

(i) such Holder has previously given the Trustee written notice that an Event of Default is continuing;

(ii) Holders of at least 30.0% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes have requested the Trustee in writing to pursue the remedy;

(iii) such Holder or Holders have offered to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense;

(iv) the Trustee has not complied with the request within 60 days after receipt of the request and the offer of security or indemnity; and

(v) Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes have not given the Trustee a written direction inconsistent with the request within such 60-day period.

A Holder may not use this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of another Holder, to obtain a preference or priority over another Holder or to enforce any right under this Indenture except in the
manner herein provided and for the equal and ratable benefit of all Holders.

Section 608. [Reserved].

Section 609. Restoration of Rights and Remedies. If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture or any Note and such proceeding has
been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such case the Company, any other obligor upon the Notes, the Trustee and the Holders shall, subject to any
determination in such proceeding, be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder, and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted.

Section 610. Rights and Remedies Cumulative. No right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and
every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right
or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

Section 611. Delay or Omission Not Waiver. No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any Note to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such
right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article VI or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often
as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders, as the case may be.

Section 612. Control by Holders. The Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of
conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or of exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee; provided that:

(1) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture, and

(2) the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction.

-58-

However, the Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or this Indenture or, subject to Section 701, that the Trustee determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other
Holder (provided, however, that the Trustee shall not have an affirmative duty to determine whether any such direction is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder) or that would subject the Trustee to personal liability; provided,
however, that the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee that is not inconsistent with such direction. Prior to taking any action under this Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to indemnification
satisfactory to it in its sole discretion against all losses, fees, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses) caused by taking or not taking such action.

Section 613. Waiver of Past Defaults. The Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes may on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes waive any past
Default hereunder and its consequences, except a Default:

(1) in the payment of principal of or interest on any Note (which may only be waived with the consent of each Holder of Notes), or

(2) in respect of a covenant or provision hereof that pursuant to the second paragraph of Section 902 cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each
Outstanding Note.

Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any
subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. In case of any such waiver, the Company, any other obligor upon the Notes, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored to their former positions and
rights hereunder and under the Notes, respectively.

Section 614. Undertaking for Costs. All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Note by such Holders acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may in its
discretion require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture or the Notes, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in
such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and
good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant. This Section 614 shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Trustee, to any suit instituted by any Holder, or group of Holders, holding in the aggregate more than
10.0% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, or to any suit instituted by any Holder for the enforcement of the payment of principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on any Note on or after the respective Stated Maturity or Interest
Payment Dates expressed in such Note.

Section 615. Waiver of Stay, Extension or Usury Laws. The Company agrees (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever
claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law or any usury or other similar law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, that would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the
principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on the Notes contemplated herein or in the Notes or that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Company (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly
waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and shall not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been
enacted.

-59-

Section 616. Cured Default. (i) If a Default for a failure to report or failure to deliver a required certificate in connection with another default (the Initial Default) occurs, then at
the time such Initial Default is cured, such Default for a failure to report or failure to deliver a required certificate in connection with another default that resulted solely because of that Initial Default will also be cured without any
further action and (ii) any Default or Event of Default for the failure to comply with the time periods prescribed in Section 405 or otherwise to deliver any notice or certificate pursuant to any other provision of this Indenture shall
be deemed to be cured upon the delivery of any such report required by such covenant or such notice or certificate, as applicable, even though such delivery is not within the prescribed period specified in this Indenture. Any time period in
this Indenture to cure any actual or alleged Default or Event of Default may be extended or stayed by a court of competent jurisdiction.

ARTICLE VII

THE TRUSTEE

Section 701. Certain Duties and Responsibilities.

(a) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default actually known to a Trust Officer,

(1) the Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in the Notes Documents, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into
this Indenture against the Trustee; and

(2) in the absence of negligence or willful misconduct on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed
therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; but in the case of any such certificates or opinions that by any provision hereof are specifically required to be furnished to
the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture, but need not verify the contents thereof.

(b) In case an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their
exercise as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own affairs.

(c) No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own grossly negligent action, its own grossly negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct,
except that (i) this paragraph does not limit the effect of Section 701(a); (ii) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Trust Officer, unless it is proved that the Trustee was negligent in
ascertaining the pertinent facts; and (iii) the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it pursuant to Section 612.

(d) No provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of
any of its rights or powers, if repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.

(e) Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee shall be subject to the
provisions of this Section 701 and Section 703.

Section 702. Notice of Defaults. If a Default occurs and is continuing and is actually known to the Trustee, the Trustee must deliver within the later of 90 days after it occurs or after a Trust
Officer obtains actual knowledge, to all Holders as their names and addresses appear in the Note Register, notice of such Default hereunder actually known to the Trustee unless such Default shall have been cured or waived; provided, however,
that, except in the case of a Default in the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on, any Note, the Trustee may withhold notice if it in good faith determines that the withholding of such notice is in the interests of the
Holders. The Trustee will not be deemed to have knowledge of any Defaults or Events of Default unless written notice of a Default or Event of Default has been delivered to and actually received by a Trust Officer of the Trustee at its
Corporate Trust Office and such notice references the Notes and this Indenture and states that it is a Notice of Default and such Trust Officer has thereby obtained actual knowledge of such Default or Event of Default.

-60-

Section 703. Certain Rights of Trustee. Subject to the provisions of Section 701:

(1) the Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice,
request, direction, consent, order, judgment, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties, not only as to due
execution, validity and effectiveness, but also as to the truth and accuracy of any information contained therein;

(2) any request or direction of the Company mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by a Company Request or Company Order thereof, and any resolution of any Persons board of
directors shall be sufficiently evidenced if certified by an Officer of such Person as having been duly adopted and being in full force and effect on the date of such certificate;

(3) whenever in the administration of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action
hereunder, the Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may request and, in the absence of willful misconduct on its part, rely upon and act in accordance with an Officers Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both
and shall not be liable from acting or refraining from acting in accordance with such Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel;

(4) the Trustee shall be entitled to request and receive written instructions from the Company and shall have no responsibility or liability for any losses or damages of any nature that
may arise from any action taken or not taken by the Trustee in accordance with the written direction of the Company;

(5) the Trustee may consult with counsel and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete
authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon;

(6) the Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders pursuant to this
Indenture, unless such Holders shall have offered, and if requested, provided to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or
direction;

(7) the Trustee shall not be responsible for nor have any duty to monitor the performance or any action of the Company or any other party to this Indenture, or any of their directors,
members, officers, agents, affiliates or employee, nor shall it have any liability in connection with the malfeasance or nonfeasance by such party;

(8) the Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request,
direction, consent, order, bond, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document;

(9) the Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or attorneys and the Trustee shall not be
responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent or attorney appointed with due care by it hereunder;

-61-

(10) to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Trustee shall not be liable to any Person for special, punitive, indirect, consequential or incidental loss or damage of any kind
whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action;

(11) the Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the performance of its powers and duties hereunder;

(12) the Trustee may request that the Company deliver a certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions
pursuant to this Indenture;

(13) the rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be
enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed by the Trustee to act hereunder;

(14) The Trustee, in each and all of its capacities, shall be afforded all of the same rights, protections, immunities and benefits set forth herein in each of the Note Documents, whether
or not specifically set forth therein; and

(15) the permissive rights of the Trustee to do things enumerated in this Indenture shall not be construed as a duty unless so specified herein.

Section 704. Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Notes. The recitals contained herein and in the Notes, except the Trustees certificates of authentication, shall be taken as the statements
of the Company, and neither the Trustee nor any Authenticating Agent assumes any responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Indenture or of the Notes, except that the
Trustee represents that it is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Indenture, authenticate the Notes and perform its obligations hereunder. Neither the Trustee nor any Authenticating Agent shall be accountable for the use or application
by the Company of Notes or the proceeds thereof.

Section 705. May Hold Notes. The Trustee, any Authenticating Agent, any Paying Agent, any Note Registrar or any other agent of the Company, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the
owner or pledgee of Notes and, subject to Section 708 and Section 713, may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee, Authenticating Agent, Paying Agent, Note
Registrar or such other agent.

Section 706. Money Held in Trust. Money held by the Trustee in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Trustee shall be under no liability
for interest on any money received by it hereunder except as otherwise agreed in writing with the Company.

Section 707. Compensation and Reimbursement. The Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors jointly and severally agree,

(1) to pay to the Trustee from time to time the reasonable compensation agreed to by the Company in writing for all services rendered by the Trustee hereunder (which compensation shall
not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust);

(2) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Trustee in
accordance with any provision of this Indenture (including the reasonable compensation and the expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel), except any such expense, disbursement or advance as may be attributable to its negligence or
willful misconduct as determined by a final order of a court of competent jurisdiction; and

-62-

(3) to indemnify the Trustee and its directors, officers and employees for, and to hold them harmless against, any loss, liability, cost, action, suit, proceeding at law or in equity,
or other fee, charge or expense incurred without negligence or willful misconduct on the Trustees part as determined by a final order of a court of competent jurisdiction, arising out of or in connection with the administration of the trust or
trusts hereunder and the other Note Documents, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, the costs of enforcement of this Indenture (including this Section 707) or the Note Documents or any provision hereof or
thereof and the costs and expenses of defending itself against any claim or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder and thereunder.

The Company need not pay for any settlement made without its consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). The provisions of this Section 707 shall survive the termination of this Indenture or the resignation and
removal of the Trustee.

The Trustee shall have a claim prior to the Notes for payment of all amounts due the Trustee under this Section 707 on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, other than money or property
held in trust to pay the principal of and interest on any Notes.

Without prejudice to any other rights available to the Trustee under applicable law, when the Trustee incurs fees, expenses or renders services after the occurrence of a Default specified in clause (vii) or clause
(viii) of Section 601, the fees and expense (including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel) are intended to constitute administrative expenses for purposes of priority under any Bankruptcy Law.

Section 708. [Reserved].

Section 709. Corporate Trustee Required; Eligibility. There shall at all times be one (and only one) Trustee hereunder. The Trustee shall be a Person that is a corporation or national banking
association organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of any state thereof that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination by federal or
state authorities and has a combined capital and surplus of at least $50.0 million as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition. If at any time the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of
this Section 709, it shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article.

Section 710. Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor. No resignation or removal of the Trustee and no appointment of a successor Trustee pursuant to this Article shall become effective
until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 711.

The Trustee may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Company. If the instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee required by Section 711 shall not have been delivered to the
Trustee within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Trustee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee.

The Trustee may be removed at any time by Act of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes delivered to the Trustee and to the Company. If at any time:

(1) [Reserved]

(2) the Trustee shall cease to be eligible under Section 709 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Company or by any such Holder, or

(3) the Trustee shall become incapable of acting or shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent or a receiver of the Trustee or of its property shall be appointed or any public officer
shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, then, in any such case, (A) the Company may remove the Trustee, or (B) subject to Section 614, any
Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Note for at least six months may, on behalf of itself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor
Trustee.

-63-

If the Trustee shall resign, be removed or become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of Trustee for any cause, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee and shall comply
with the applicable requirements of Section 711. If, within one year after such resignation, removal or incapability, or the occurrence of such vacancy, a successor Trustee shall be appointed by Act of the Holders of a majority in
principal amount of the Outstanding Notes delivered to the Company and the retiring Trustee, the successor Trustee so appointed shall, forthwith upon its acceptance of such appointment in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section

711, become the successor Trustee and to that extent supersede the successor Trustee appointed by the Company. If no successor Trustee shall have been so appointed by the Company or the Holders and accepted appointment in the manner
required by Section 711, then, subject to Section 614, any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Note for at least six months may, on behalf of itself and all others similarly situated, or the Trustee may, at its sole
discretion (at the sole cost and expense of the Company, including with respect to reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses) petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee.

The Company shall give notice of each resignation and each removal of the Trustee and each appointment of a successor Trustee to all Holders in the manner provided in Section 110. Each notice shall include
the name of the successor Trustee and the address of its Corporate Trust Office.

Notwithstanding the replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section 710, the Companys obligations under Section 707 shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee.

Section 711. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor. In case of the appointment hereunder of a successor Trustee, every such successor Trustee so appointed shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to
the Company and to the retiring Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective and such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance,
shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee; but, on the request of the Company or the successor Trustee, such retiring Trustee shall, upon payment of its charges, execute and deliver an instrument
transferring to such successor Trustee all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring Trustee and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor Trustee all property and money held by such retiring Trustee hereunder.

Upon request of any such successor Trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor Trustee all such rights, powers and trusts
referred to above.

No successor Trustee shall accept its appointment unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Trustee shall be qualified and eligible under this Article VII.

Section 712. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business. Any corporation into which the Trustee may be merged, sold, transferred or converted or with which it may be consolidated,
or any corporation resulting from any merger, sale, transfer, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to all or substantially all the corporate trust business of the Trustee, shall be the
successor of the Trustee hereunder; provided such corporation shall be otherwise qualified and eligible under this Article VII, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties
hereto. In case any Notes shall have been authenticated, but not delivered, by the Trustee then in office, any successor by merger, conversion or consolidation to such authenticating Trustee may adopt such authentication and deliver the Notes
so authenticated with the same effect as if such successor Trustee had itself authenticated such Notes.

Section 713. [Reserved].

-64-

Section 714. Appointment of Authenticating Agent.The Trustee may appoint an Authenticating Agent acceptable to the Company to authenticate such Notes. Any such appointment shall be evidenced by an
instrument in writing signed by a Trust Officer, a copy of which instrument shall be promptly furnished to the Company. Unless limited by the terms of such appointment, an Authenticating Agent may authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee may do
so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication (or execution of a certificate of authentication) by the Trustee includes authentication (or execution of a certificate of authentication) by such Authenticating Agent. An Authenticating
Agent has the same rights as any Note Registrar, Paying Agent or agent for service of notices and demands.

ARTICLE VIII

HOLDERS LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE AND THE COMPANY

Section 801. The Company to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders. The Company will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Trustee:

(1) semi-annually, not more than 10 days after each Regular Record Date, a list, in such form as the Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of the Holders as of such
Regular Record Date, and

(2) at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after the receipt by the Company of any such request, a list of similar form and content as of a date not
more than 15 days prior to the time such list is furnished;

provided, however, that if and to the extent and so long as the Trustee shall be the Note Registrar, no such list need be furnished pursuant to this Section 801.

Section 802. Preservation of Information; Communications to Holders. The Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, the names and addresses of Holders contained in
the most recent list, if any, furnished to the Trustee as provided in Section 801 and the names and addresses of Holders received by the Trustee in its capacity as Note Registrar; provided, however, that if and so long
as the Trustee shall be the Note Registrar, the Note Register shall satisfy the requirements relating to such list. None of the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor or the Trustee or any other Person shall be under any responsibility with regard
to the accuracy of such list. The Trustee may destroy any list furnished to it as provided in Section 801 upon receipt of a new list so furnished.

Section 803. [Reserved].

ARTICLE IX

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT OR WAIVER

Section 901. Without Consent of Holders. Without the consent of any Holder, the Company, the Trustee and (as applicable) any Subsidiary Guarantor may amend or supplement the Note Documents for any
of the following purposes:

(1) to cure any ambiguity, mistake, omission, defect or inconsistency;

(2) to provide for the assumption by a successor of the obligations of the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor under any Note Document (and to make appropriate conforming changes to such
Note Documents in connection therewith);

(3) to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes (provided that such Notes are in registered form for purposes of Section 163(f) of the Code);

-65-

(4) to add Guarantees or collateral security with respect to the Notes;

(5) to confirm and evidence a successor Trustee;

(6) to confirm and evidence the release, termination or discharge of any Subsidiary Guarantee when such release, termination or discharge is provided for under this Indenture or the
Notes;

(7) to add to the covenants of the Company for the benefit of the Holders or to surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor;

(8) to provide for or confirm the issuance of Additional Notes in compliance with this Indenture;

(9) to conform the text of the Note Documents to any provision of the Description of Notes section of the Offering Memorandum;

(10) to make any change that does not materially adversely affect the rights of any Holder; or

(11) to comply with any requirement of the SEC in connection with any qualification of this Indenture under the TIA or otherwise.

Section 902. With Consent of Holders. Except as otherwise expressly provided below in this Section 902, the Company, the Trustee and (as applicable) any Subsidiary Guarantor may amend or
supplement the Note Documents with the written consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, consents obtained in connection with a tender
offer or exchange offer or an issuance of Additional Notes) and the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes by written notice to the Trustee (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, consents
obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer or an issuance of Additional Notes) may waive any existing Default or Event of Default or compliance by the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor with any provision of this Indenture,
the Notes or any Subsidiary Guarantee.

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 902 to the contrary, without the consent of each Holder of the Outstanding Notes (including, for the avoidance of any
doubt, consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer or an issuance of Additional Notes), an amendment, supplement or waiver, including a waiver pursuant to Section 613, may not:

(i) reduce the principal amount of the Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver;

(ii) reduce the rate of or extend the time for payment of interest on any Note;

(iii) reduce the principal of or extend the Stated Maturity of any Note;

(iv) reduce the premium payable upon the redemption of any Note or change the date on which any Note may be redeemed as described in Section 1009;

(v) make any Note payable in money other than that stated in such Note;

(vi) amend or waive the legal right of any Holder to receive payment of principal of and interest on such Holders Note on or after the Stated Maturity for the principal or Interest
Payment Date for the interest expressed in such Note, or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after the Stated Maturity or Interest Payment Date;

(vii) make any change in the amendment or waiver provisions described in this paragraph; or

(viii) viii) make any change or modification to the ranking of the Notes that would adversely affect the rights of a Holder.

-66-

It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders under this Section 902 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment, supplement or waiver, but it shall be sufficient if such consent
approves the substance thereof. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the proposed amendment, supplement or waiver. For the avoidance of doubt, no amendment to, or deletion of any of the covenants under the Indenture
described under Certain Covenants or any related defined terms, shall be deemed to impair or affect any rights of Holders of the Notes to receive payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on, the Notes.

Section 903. Execution of Amendments, Supplements or Waivers. After an amendment, supplement or waiver under this Section 902 becomes effective, the Company shall deliver to the Holders,
with a copy to the Trustee, a notice briefly describing the amendment, supplement or waiver. Any failure of the Company to deliver such notice, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any
supplemental indenture or the effectiveness of any such amendment, supplement or waiver. The Trustee shall sign any amendment, supplement or waiver authorized pursuant to this Article IX if the amendment, supplement or waiver does not
adversely affect the rights, duties, liabilities or immunities of the Trustee. If it does, the Trustee may, but need not, sign it. In signing or refusing to sign such amendment, supplement or waiver, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive,
and shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the execution of such amendment, supplement or waiver is authorized or permitted by this Indenture, that all conditions
precedent to such amendment, supplement or waiver required by this Indenture have been complied with and that such amendment, supplement or waiver is a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms. For the avoidance of doubt, no Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel shall be required for the execution of this Indenture or a Guarantor Supplemental Indenture on the Issue Date.

Section 904. Revocation and Effect of Consents. Until an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, a consent to it by a Holder is a continuing consent by the Holder and every subsequent
Holder of that Note or any Note that evidences all or any part of the same debt as the consenting Holders Note, even if notation of the consent is not made on any Note. Subject to the following paragraph of this Section 904, any such
Holder or subsequent Holder may revoke the consent as to such Holders Note by written notice to the Trustee or the Company, received by the Trustee or the Company, as the case may be, before the date on which the Trustee receives an Officers
Certificate from the Company certifying that the Holders of the requisite principal amount of Notes have consented (and not theretofore revoked such consent) to the amendment, supplement or waiver. The Company may, but shall not be obligated
to, fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders entitled to consent to any amendment, supplement or waiver as set forth in Section 108.

After an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, it shall bind every Holder of Notes.

Section 905. [Reserved]

Section 906. Notation on or Exchange of Notes. If an amendment, supplement or waiver changes the terms of a Note, the Trustee shall (if required by the Company and in accordance with the specific
direction of the Company) request the Holder of the Note to deliver it to the Trustee. The Trustee shall (if required by the Company and in accordance with the specific direction of the Company) place an appropriate notation on the Note about
the changed terms and return it to the Holder. Alternatively, if the Company or the Trustee so determines, the Company in exchange for the Note shall issue and the Trustee shall authenticate a new Note that reflects the changed terms. Failure
to make the appropriate notation or issue a new Note shall not affect the validity and effect of such amendment, supplement or waiver.

ARTICLE X

REDEMPTION OF NOTES

Section 1001. Applicability of Article. The Notes are redeemable at the option of the Company, in whole or in part, before their Stated Maturity in accordance with this Article X.

-67-

Section 1002. [Reserved].

Section 1003. Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee. In case of any redemption of less than all of the Notes, the Company shall, at least two Business Days (but not more than 60 days (except that
such notice may be delivered more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date if the Redemption Date is delayed as provided in Section 1009)), prior to the date on which notice is required to be delivered to Holders pursuant to Section

1005, notify the Trustee of such Redemption Date and of the principal amount of Notes to be redeemed, but failure to so notify the Trustee shall not invalidate any notice given in accordance with Section 1005 and shall not
constitute a Default or Event of Default by the Company.

Section 1004. Selection by Trustee of Notes to Be Redeemed. In the case of any partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made by the Trustee on a pro rata basis, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion shall deem to be fair and appropriate, and in the case of global notes, in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, in integral
multiples of $1,000, although no Note of $2,000 in original principal amount or less will be redeemed in part.

The Trustee shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the Notes selected for redemption and, in the case of any Note selected for partial redemption, the principal amount thereof to be
redeemed. On and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on Notes or portions thereof called for redemption.

For all purposes of this Indenture, unless the context otherwise requires, all provisions relating to the redemption of Notes shall relate, in the case of the Notes redeemed or to be redeemed only
in part, to the portion of the principal amount of the Notes that has been or is to be redeemed.

Section 1005. Notice of Redemption. Subject to the final paragraph of Section 110, notice of redemption or purchase as provided in Section 1001 shall be given electronically or, at
the Companys option, by first-class mail, postage prepaid, mailed not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date (except that such notice may be delivered more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date if such notice is
issued in connection with the defeasance of Notes pursuant to Section 1201 or a satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the Notes pursuant to Section 1101, or if the Redemption Date is delayed as provided in Section
1009), to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed, at such Holders address appearing in the Note Register.

Any such notice shall state:

(1) the expected Redemption Date,

(2) the redemption price (or the formula by which the redemption price will be determined),

(3) if less than all Outstanding Notes are to be redeemed, the identification (and, in the case of partial redemption, the portion of the respective principal amounts) of the Notes to
be redeemed,

(4) that, on the Redemption Date, the redemption price will become due and payable upon each such Note, and that, unless the Company defaults in making such redemption payment or the
Paying Agent is prohibited from making such payment pursuant to the terms of this Indenture, interest thereon shall cease to accrue from and after said date, and

(5) the place where such Notes are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price.

In addition, if such redemption, purchase or notice is subject to satisfaction (or, waiver by the Company in its sole discretion) of one or more conditions precedent, as permitted by Section 1009, such notice shall describe each such
condition, and if applicable, shall state that, in the Companys discretion, the Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion), or such
redemption or purchase may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been (or, in the Companys sole determination, may not be) satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole
discretion) by the Redemption Date, or by the Redemption Date as so delayed.

-68-

The Company may provide in such notice that payment of the redemption price and the performance of the Companys obligations with respect to such redemption may be performed by another Person.

Notice of any redemption or purchase of Notes hereunder (or the selection of Notes in connection with a partial redemption) to be so redeemed or purchased at the election of the Company shall be given by the
Company or, at the Companys request (made to the Trustee at least 15 days (or such shorter period as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee) prior to the Redemption Date), by the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Company. 
Any such request will set forth the information to be stated in such notice, as provided by this Section 1005.

The notice if delivered in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such notice by mail or any
defect in the notice to the Holder of any Note designated for redemption as a whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Note.

Section 1006. Deposit of Redemption Price. On or prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on any Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent (or, if the
Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, the Company shall segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 403) an amount of money sufficient to pay the redemption price of, and any accrued and unpaid interest on, all the Notes or
portions thereof which are to be redeemed on that date.

Section 1007. Notes Payable on Redemption Date. Notice of redemption having been given as provided in this Article X, the Notes so to be redeemed shall (subject to the satisfaction or waiver
by the Company of any applicable conditions precedent), on the Redemption Date, become due and payable at the redemption price herein specified and from and after such date (unless the Company shall default in the payment of the redemption
price or the Paying Agent is prohibited from paying the redemption price pursuant to the terms of this Indenture) such Notes shall cease to bear interest. Upon surrender of such Notes for redemption in accordance with such notice, such Notes
shall be paid by the Company at the redemption price. Installments of interest whose Interest Payment Date is on or prior to the Redemption Date shall be payable to the Holders of such Notes registered as such on the relevant Regular Record
Dates according to their terms and the provisions of Section 307.

On and after any Redemption Date, if money sufficient to pay the redemption price of and any accrued and unpaid interest on Notes called for redemption shall have been made available in accordance with Section
1006, the Notes (or the portions thereof) called for redemption will cease to accrue interest and the only right of the Holders of such Notes (or portions thereof) will be to receive payment of the redemption price of and, subject to the
last sentence of the preceding paragraph, any accrued and unpaid interest on such Notes (or portions thereof) to the Redemption Date. If any Note (or portion thereof) called for redemption shall not be so paid upon surrender thereof for
redemption, the principal (and premium, if any) shall, until paid, bear interest from the Redemption Date at the rate borne by the Note (or portion thereof).

Section 1008. Notes Redeemed in Part. Any Note that is to be redeemed only in part shall be surrendered at the Place of Payment (with due endorsement by, or a written instrument of transfer in form
satisfactory to the Company duly executed by, the Holder thereof or its attorney duly authorized in writing) and the Company shall execute and (upon receipt of an Authentication Order) the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder of
such Note without service charge, a new Note or Notes, of any authorized denomination as requested by such Holder in aggregate principal amount equal to and in exchange for the unredeemed portion of the principal of the Note so surrendered (or
if the Note is a global note, an adjustment shall be made to the schedule attached thereto).

Section 1009. Optional Redemption. The Notes will be redeemable, at the Companys option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time on and after March 15, 2028, at the applicable
redemption price set forth below. The Notes will be so redeemable at the following redemption prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the relevant Redemption Date
(subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date), if redeemed during the 12-month period commencing on March
15 of the years set forth below:

-69-

Redemption Period Price 

2028

103.250%

2029

101.625%

2030

100.000%

In addition, at any time and from time to time prior to March 15, 2028, the Company at its option may redeem Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to up to 40.0% of the original aggregate principal amount of
the Notes (including the principal amount of any Additional Notes), with funds in an aggregate amount (the Redemption Amount) not exceeding the aggregate proceeds of one or more Equity Offerings, at a redemption price (expressed as a
percentage of principal amount thereof) of 106.500%, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the Redemption Date (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on
the relevant Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date); provided, however, that if Notes are redeemed pursuant to this paragraph, an aggregate principal amount of Notes equal to at least 50% of the
original aggregate principal amount of Notes (including the principal amount of any Additional Notes) must remain outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such redemption of Notes (unless all such Notes are redeemed substantially
concurrently). Any amount payable in any such redemption may be funded from any source. Any notice of any such redemption may be given prior to the completion of the related Equity Offering, but in no event may be given more than 180 days
after the completion of the related Equity Offering.

At any time and from time to time prior to March 15, 2028, Notes may also be redeemed in whole or in part, at the Companys option, at a price (the Redemption Price) equal to 100.0% of the principal amount
thereof plus the Applicable Premium as of, and accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the Redemption Date (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the
relevant Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with any tender offer for any Notes, if Holders of not less than 90% in the aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such
Notes in such tender offer and the Company, or any other Person making such tender offer, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Company will have the right, upon notice given not more than 30 days
following such purchase pursuant to such tender offer, to redeem (and the Holders of the remaining Notes shall be deemed to have agreed to surrender) all of the Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a price in cash equal to
the price offered to each Holder in such tender offer, plus, to the extent not included in the tender offer payment, accrued and unpaid interest to but not including the Redemption Date (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant
record date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date).

Any redemption of Notes may be made upon notice sent electronically or, at the Companys option, mailed by first-class mail to each Holders registered address of each Holder of Notes (with a copy to the Trustee)
in accordance with Section 1005, and, if applicable, the Company should notify the Trustee of such Redemption Date, and the principal amount of Notes to be redeemed in accordance with Section 1003. The Company may provide in
any redemption notice that payment of the redemption price and the performance of the Companys obligations with respect to such redemption may be performed by another Person.

Any redemption of Notes (including in connection with an Equity Offering, other offering or financing or other corporate transaction or event) or notice thereof may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to the
satisfaction (or, waiver by the Company in its sole discretion) of one or more conditions precedent, which may include consummation of any related Equity Offering, other offering or financing or other corporate transaction or event or the
occurrence of a Change of Control. If such redemption or notice is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice may state that, in the Companys discretion, the Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any
or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been (or, in the
Companys sole determination, may not be) satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion) by the Redemption Date, or by the Redemption Date so delayed (which may exceed 60 days from the date of the redemption notice in such case).

-70-

ARTICLE XI

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

Section 1101. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture. The Outstanding Notes and this Indenture shall be discharged and shall cease to be of further effect (except as to any surviving rights of
registration of transfer or exchange of Notes herein expressly provided for), and the Trustee on demand of and at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of the Outstanding Notes and
this Indenture when

(a) either

(i) all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (x) Notes that have been destroyed, lost or stolen and that have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 306,and

(y) Notes for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Company and thereafter repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust, as provided in Section 403) have been cancelled
or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or

(ii) all such Notes not theretofore cancelled or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation

(1) have become due and payable,

(2) will become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year, or

(3) have been called for redemption, or are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption
by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Company;

(b) the Company has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee, in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, money, U.S. Government Obligations or a
combination thereof, sufficient (without reinvestment) to pay and discharge the entire Indebtedness on the Notes not previously cancelled or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, for principal (and premium, if any) and interest to the date
of such deposit (in the case of Notes that have become due and payable), or to the Stated Maturity or Redemption Date, as the case may be (provided that if such redemption shall be pursuant to the make-whole provisions of Section
1009, (x) the amount of money or U.S. Government Obligations, or a combination thereof, that the Company must irrevocably deposit or cause to be deposited shall be determined using an assumed Applicable Premium calculated as of the date
of such deposit, as calculated by the Company in good faith, and (y) the Company must irrevocably deposit or cause to be deposited additional money in trust on the Redemption Date, as required by Section 1006, as necessary to pay the
Applicable Premium as determined on such date (any such amount, the Applicable Premium Deficit));

(c) the Company has paid or caused to be paid all other sums then payable hereunder by the Company; and

(d) the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each to the effect that all conditions precedent provided for in this Section 1101
relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with; provided that any such counsel may rely on any Officers Certificate as to matters of fact (including as to compliance with the foregoing clauses (i),
(ii) and (iii)).

Any Applicable Premium Deficit shall be set forth in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee at least two (2) Business Days prior to the redemption date that confirms that such Applicable Premium Deficit
shall be applied toward such redemption. The Trustee shall have no liability in the event that such Applicable Premium Deficit is not in fact paid on such Redemption Date.

-71-

Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the Outstanding Notes, (a) the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 707 and, if money shall have been deposited with
the Trustee pursuant to Section 1101(ii), the obligations of the Trustee under Section 1103 shall survive such satisfaction and discharge, and (b) if such satisfaction and discharge is effected through redemption in accordance
with Section 1101(i)(b)(3), the provisions of Section 1007 shall survive such satisfaction and discharge, and the other provisions of Article X shall survive such satisfaction and discharge until the Redemption Date
shall have occurred.

Section 1102. [Reserved]

Section 1103. Application of Trust Money. Subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 403, all money and/or U.S. Government Obligations (including the proceeds thereof)
deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 1101 shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent as the Trustee
may determine, to the Persons entitled thereto, of the principal (and premium, if any) and interest on the Notes; but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

ARTICLE XII

DEFEASANCE OR COVENANT DEFEASANCE

Section 1201. The Companys Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. The Company may, at its option, at any time, elect to have terminated the obligations of the Company with respect to
Outstanding Notes and the other Note Documents and to have terminated all of the obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantors with respect to the Subsidiary Guarantees, in each case, as set forth in this Article XII, and elect to have
either Section 1202 or 1203 be applied to all of the Outstanding Notes (the Defeased Notes), upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in Section 1204. Either Section 1202 or Section 1203
may be applied to the Defeased Notes to any Redemption Date or the Stated Maturity of the Notes.

Section 1202. Defeasance and Discharge. Upon the Companys exercise under Section 1201 of the option applicable to this Section 1202, the Company shall be deemed to have been
released and discharged from its obligations with respect to the Defeased Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantors shall be deemed to have been released and discharged from their obligations with respect to the Subsidiary Guarantees on the date the
relevant conditions set forth in Section 1204 are satisfied (hereinafter, Defeasance). For this purpose, such Defeasance means that the Company shall be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire Indebtedness represented
by the Defeased Notes, which shall thereafter be deemed to be Outstanding only for the purposes of Section 1205 and the other Sections of this Indenture referred to in clauses (a) and (b) below, and the Company, and each of the
Subsidiary Guarantors shall be deemed to have satisfied all other obligations under such Notes, Subsidiary Guarantees and this Indenture insofar as such Notes are concerned (and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper
instruments acknowledging the same), except for the following, which shall survive until otherwise terminated or discharged hereunder: (a) the rights of Holders of Defeased Notes to receive, solely from the trust fund described in Section
1204 and as more fully set forth in such Section, payments in respect of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on such Notes when such payments are due, (b) the Companys obligations with respect to such Defeased Notes under Sections

304, 305, 306, 402, and 403, (c) the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee hereunder, including the Trustees rights (and the Companys obligations) under Section 707, and (d)
this Article XII. If the Company exercises its option under this Section 1202, payment of the Notes may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default with respect thereto. Subject to compliance with this Article XII,
the Company may, at its option and at any time, exercise its option under this Section 1202 notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option under Section 1203 with respect to the Notes.

-72-

Section 1203. Covenant Defeasance. Upon the Companys exercise under Section 1201 of the option applicable to this Section 1203, (a) the Company shall be released from its
obligations under any covenant or provision contained in Section 405, Sections 412 through 415, the provisions of clauses (iv) and (v) of Section 501(a)(1) and the provision of clauses (iii) of Section 501(b)(1) shall
not apply, and (b) the occurrence of any event specified in clause (iv) (with respect to Section 405, Sections 412 through 415, inclusive), (v), (vii) (with respect to Significant Subsidiaries), (viii) (with respect to
Significant Subsidiaries), (ix) or (x) of Section 601(a) shall be deemed not to be or result in an Event of Default, in each case with respect to the Defeased Notes on and after the date the conditions set forth below are satisfied
(hereinafter, Covenant Defeasance), and the Notes shall thereafter be deemed not to be Outstanding for the purposes of any direction, waiver, consent or declaration or Act of Holders (and the consequences of any thereof) in
connection with such covenants or provisions, but shall continue to be deemed Outstanding for all other purposes hereunder. For this purpose, such Covenant Defeasance means that, with respect to the Outstanding Notes, the Company may omit to
comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such covenant or provision, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such covenant or provision
or by reason of any reference in any such covenant or provision to any other provision herein or in any other document and such omission to comply shall not constitute a Default or an Event of Default under Section 601(a), but, except
as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Outstanding Notes shall be unaffected thereby.

Section 1204. Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. The following shall be the conditions to application of either Section 1202 or Section 1203 to the Outstanding Notes:

(1) The Company shall have irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee, in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, money or U.S. Government Obligations,
or a combination thereof, in amounts as will be sufficient (without reinvestment), to pay and discharge the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on the Defeased Notes issued by the Company to the Stated Maturity or relevant
Redemption Date in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and the Notes (provided that if such redemption shall be pursuant to the third paragraph of Section 1009, (x) the amount of money or U.S. Government Obligations or a
combination thereof that the Company must irrevocably deposit or cause to be deposited shall be determined using an assumed Applicable Premium calculated as of the date of such deposit, as calculated by the Company in good faith and (y) the
Company must irrevocably deposit or cause to be deposited any Applicable Premium Deficit;

(2) No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit;

(3) Such deposit shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a Default or Event of Default under, this Indenture or any other material agreement or instrument to which
the Company is a party or by which it is bound;

(4) In the case of an election under Section 1202, the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that (x) the Company has received from, or
there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling or (y) since the Issue Date, there has been a change in the applicable U.S. federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such opinion shall
confirm to the effect that, the Holders and beneficial owners of the Outstanding Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on
the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Defeasance had not occurred; provided that such Opinion of Counsel need not be delivered if all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered
(other than (i) Notes that have been destroyed, lost or stolen and that have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 306, and (ii) Notes for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in
trust by the Company and thereafter repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust, as provided in Section 403) not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation have become due and payable, will become due and payable at
their Stated Maturity within one year, or have been called for redemption or are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Company;

-73-

(5) In the case of an election under Section 1203, the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the Holders and beneficial owners of
the Outstanding Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such Covenant Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same
times as would have been the case if such Covenant Defeasance had not occurred; and

(6) The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each to the effect that all conditions precedent provided for in this Section
1204 relating to either the Defeasance under Section 1202 or the Covenant Defeasance under Section 1203, as the case may be, have been complied with. In rendering such Opinion of Counsel, counsel may rely on an Officers
Certificate as to compliance with the foregoing clauses (1), (2) and (3) of this Section 1204 or as to any matters of fact.

Any Applicable Premium Deficit shall be set forth in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Redemption Date that confirms that such Applicable Premium Deficit
shall be applied toward such redemption. The Trustee shall have no liability in the event that such Applicable Premium Deficit is not in fact paid on such Redemption Date.

Section 1205. Deposited Money and U.S. Government Obligations to Be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions. Subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 403, all money
and U.S. Government Obligations (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee (or such other Person that would qualify to act as successor trustee under Article VII, collectively and solely for purposes of this Section
1205, the Trustee) pursuant to Section 1204 in respect of the Defeased Notes shall be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of such Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either
directly or through any Paying Agent as the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of such Notes of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal, premium, if any, and interest, but such money need not be segregated from other
funds except to the extent required by law.

The Company shall pay and indemnify the Trustee and its agents and hold them harmless against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the U.S. Government Obligations deposited by the Company
pursuant to Section 1204, or the principal, premium, if any, and interest received in respect thereof, other than any such tax, fee or other charge that by law is for the account of the Holders of the Defeased Notes.

Anything in this Article XII to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall deliver to the Company from time to time, upon Company Request, any money or U.S. Government Obligations held by it as
provided in Section 1204 that, in the opinion of a nationally recognized accounting or investment banking firm expressed in a written certification thereof to the Trustee, are in excess of the amount thereof that would then be required
to be deposited to effect an equivalent Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. Subject to Article VII, the Trustee shall not incur any liability to any Person by relying on such opinion.

Section 1206. Reinstatement. If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any money or U.S. Government Obligations in accordance with Section 1202 or 1203, as the case may be,
by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then the obligations of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors under this Indenture, the Notes and
the Subsidiary Guarantees shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 1202 or 1203, as the case may be, until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such
money and U.S. Government Obligations in accordance with Section 1202 or 1203, as the case may be; provided, however, that if the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor makes any payment of principal, premium, if
any, or interest on any Note following the reinstatement of its obligations, the Company or Subsidiary Guarantor, as the case may be, shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the money and U.S.
Government Obligations held by the Trustee or Paying Agent.

Section 1207. Repayments to the Company. Subject to applicable abandoned property law, the Trustee shall pay to the Company upon Company Request any money held by it for the payment of principal or
interest that remains unclaimed for two years after the Stated Maturity or the Redemption Date, as the case may be. After payment to the Company, Holders entitled to money must look to the Company for payment as general creditors unless an
applicable abandoned property law designates another Person and all liability of the Trustee or Paying Agent with respect to such money shall thereupon cease.

-74-

ARTICLE XIII

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES

Section 1301. Guarantees Generally.

(a) Guarantee of Each Subsidiary Guarantor. Each Subsidiary Guarantor, as primary obligor and not merely as surety, hereby jointly and severally, irrevocably and fully and unconditionally
Guarantees, on a senior unsecured basis, the punctual payment when due, whether at Stated Maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all monetary obligations of the Company under this Indenture and the Notes, whether for principal of or
interest on the Notes, expenses, indemnification or otherwise (all such obligations guaranteed by such Subsidiary Guarantors being herein called the Subsidiary Guaranteed Obligations).

The obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor will be limited to the maximum amount as will, after giving effect to all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Subsidiary Guarantor (including, but not limited
to, any Guarantee by it of any Credit Facility Indebtedness) and after giving effect to any collections from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Subsidiary Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Subsidiary Guarantor
under its Subsidiary Guarantee or pursuant to its contribution obligations under this Indenture, result in the obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor under the Subsidiary Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent
transfer under applicable law, or being void or unenforceable under any law relating to insolvency of debtors.

(b) Further Agreements of Each Subsidiary Guarantor. (1) Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby agrees that (to the fullest extent permitted by law) its obligations hereunder shall be
unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes or the obligations of the Company or any other Subsidiary Guarantor to the Holders or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder, the absence of any
action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, any release of any other Subsidiary Guarantor, the recovery of any judgment against the Company, any action to enforce the same,
whether or not a notation concerning its Subsidiary Guarantee is made on any particular Note, or any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a Subsidiary Guarantor.

(ii) Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby waives (to the fullest extent permitted by law) the benefit of diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or
bankruptcy of the Company, any right to require a proceeding first against the Company, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenants that (except as otherwise provided in Section 1303) its Subsidiary Guarantee will not be
discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in the Notes, this Indenture and this Subsidiary Guarantee. Such Subsidiary Guarantee is a guarantee of payment and not of collection. Each Subsidiary Guarantor further
agrees (to the fullest extent permitted by law) that, as between it, on the one hand, and the Holders of Notes and the Trustee, on the other hand, subject to this Article XIII, (1) the maturity of the obligations guaranteed by its
Subsidiary Guarantee may be accelerated as and to the extent provided in Article VI for the purposes of such Subsidiary Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the
obligations guaranteed by such Subsidiary Guarantee, and (2) in the event of any acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article VI, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by
such Subsidiary Guarantor in accordance with the terms of this Section 1301 for the purpose of such Subsidiary Guarantee. Neither the Trustee nor any other Person shall have any obligation to enforce or exhaust any rights or remedies
or to take any other steps under any security for the Subsidiary Guaranteed Obligations or against the Company or any other Person or any property of the Company or any other Person before the Trustee is entitled to demand payment and
performance by any or all Subsidiary Guarantors of their obligations under their respective Subsidiary Guarantees or under this Indenture.

(iii) Until terminated in accordance with Section 1303, each Subsidiary Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and continue to be effective should any petition be filed by or against the
Company for liquidation or reorganization, should the Company become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of the Companys assets, and shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment and performance of the Notes are, pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or must otherwise be
restored or returned by any obligee on such Notes, whether as a voidable preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise, all as though such payment or performance had not been made. In the event that any payment, or any part thereof, is
rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, the Notes shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned.

-75-

(c) Each Subsidiary Guarantor that makes a payment or distribution under its Subsidiary Guarantee shall have the right to seek contribution from the Company or any non-paying Subsidiary Guarantor that has
also Guaranteed the relevant Subsidiary Guaranteed Obligations in respect of which such payment or distribution is made, so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders under the Subsidiary Guarantees.

(d) Each Subsidiary Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by this Indenture and that its Subsidiary Guarantee, and the waiver
set forth in Section 1305, are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits.

(e) Each Subsidiary Guarantor, pursuant to its Subsidiary Guarantee, also hereby agrees to pay any and all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred by the
Trustee or the Holders in enforcing any rights under its Subsidiary Guarantee.

Section 1302. Continuing Guarantees.

(a) Each Subsidiary Guarantee shall be a continuing Guarantee and shall (i) subject to Section 1303, remain in full force and effect until payment in full of the principal amount of all Outstanding
Notes (whether by payment at maturity, purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition) and all other Subsidiary Guaranteed Obligations then due and owing, (ii) be binding upon such Subsidiary Guarantor, and (iii) inure to the
benefit of and be enforceable by the Trustee, the Holders and their permitted successors, transferees and assigns.

(b) The obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder shall continue to be effective or shall be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment which would otherwise have reduced or
terminated the obligations of any Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder and under its Subsidiary Guarantee (whether such payment shall have been made by or on behalf of the Company, or by or on behalf of a Subsidiary Guarantor) is rescinded or
reclaimed from any of the Holders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of the Company, or any Subsidiary Guarantor or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.

Section 1303. Release of Subsidiary Guarantees. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 1302, Subsidiary Guarantees will be subject to termination and discharge under the circumstances
described in this Section 1303. Any Subsidiary Guarantor will automatically and unconditionally be released from all obligations under its Subsidiary Guarantee, and such Subsidiary Guarantee shall thereupon terminate and be discharged
and of no further force or effect, (i) concurrently with any direct or indirect sale or disposition (by merger or otherwise) of any Subsidiary Guarantor or any interest therein (or any other transaction), following which such Subsidiary
Guarantor is no longer a Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) at any time that such Subsidiary Guarantor is (or, substantially concurrently with the release of the Subsidiary Guarantee of such Subsidiary Guarantor or if as a result of the release of
the Subsidiary Guarantee of such Subsidiary Guarantor, will be) released from all of its obligations under its Guarantee of payment by the Company and all other Subsidiary Guarantors of any Indebtedness of the Company and such other Subsidiary
Guarantors under the Senior Credit Facilities, except in the case of a release as a result of payment under such Subsidiary Guarantee or a refinancing, termination or repayment in full of such Indebtedness (it being understood that a release
subject to contingent reinstatement is still a release, and that if any such Guarantee is so reinstated, such Subsidiary Guarantee shall also be reinstated to the extent that such Subsidiary Guarantor would then be required to provide a
Subsidiary Guarantee pursuant to Section 414), (iii) upon the merger or consolidation of any Subsidiary Guarantor with and into the Company or another Subsidiary Guarantor that is the surviving Person in such merger or consolidation, or
upon the liquidation of such Subsidiary Guarantor following the transfer of all of its assets to the Company or another Subsidiary Guarantor, (iv) concurrently with any Subsidiary Guarantor becoming an Excluded Domestic Guaranty Subsidiary of
the Company, (v) [reserved], (vi) upon Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance of the Companys obligations under, or satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture pursuant to Section 1101, or (vii) subject to Section 1302(b), upon
payment in full of the aggregate principal amount of all Notes then Outstanding and all other Subsidiary Guaranteed Obligations then due and owing. In addition, the Company will have the right, upon 10 days notice to the Trustee (or such
shorter period as agreed to by the Trustee in its sole discretion), to cause any Subsidiary Guarantor that has not guaranteed payment by the Company or another Subsidiary Guarantor of any Indebtedness of the Company or such other Subsidiary
Guarantor under the Senior Credit Facilities to be unconditionally released from all obligations under its Subsidiary Guarantee, and such Subsidiary Guarantee shall thereupon terminate and be discharged and of no further force or effect.

-76-

Upon any such occurrence specified in this Section 1303, other than an automatic release of a Subsidiary Guarantee which requires no execution of any documents, the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an
Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel, at the Companys expense, execute any documents reasonably requested by the Company in order to evidence such release, discharge and termination in respect of the applicable Subsidiary Guarantee.

Section 1304. [Reserved].

Section 1305. Waiver of Subrogation. Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any claim or other rights that it may now or hereafter acquire against the Company that arise from the
existence, payment, performance or enforcement of the Companys obligations under the Notes and this Indenture or such Subsidiary Guarantors obligations under its Subsidiary Guarantee and this Indenture, including any right of subrogation,
reimbursement, exoneration, indemnification, and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of any Holder of Notes against the Company, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity, or under contract, statute or common law,
until this Indenture is discharged and all of the Notes are discharged and paid in full. If any amount shall be paid to any Subsidiary Guarantor in violation of the preceding sentence and the Notes shall not have been paid in full, such amount
shall be deemed to have been paid to such Subsidiary Guarantor for the benefit of, and held in trust for the benefit of, the Holders of the Notes, and shall forthwith be paid to the Trustee for the benefit of such Holders to be credited and
applied upon the Notes, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Indenture.

Section 1306. Notation Not Required. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary Guarantor shall be required to make a notation on the Notes to reflect any such Subsidiary Guarantee or any release,
termination or discharge thereof.

Section 1307. Successors and Assigns of Subsidiary Guarantors. All covenants and agreements in this Indenture by each Subsidiary Guarantor shall bind its respective successors and assigns, whether
so expressed or not.

Section 1308. Execution and Delivery of Subsidiary Guarantees. The Company shall cause each Subsidiary that is required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to Section 414, and each
Subsidiary of the Company that the Company causes to become a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to Section 414, to promptly execute and deliver to the Trustee a Guarantor Supplemental Indenture, or a supplemental indenture otherwise in form
reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee evidencing its Subsidiary Guarantee on substantially the terms set forth in this Article XIII. Concurrently therewith, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect
that such Guarantor Supplemental Indenture has been duly authorized or permitted or complies with this Indenture, that all conditions precedent to such Guarantor Supplemental Indenture required by this Indenture have been complied with and that
such Guarantor Supplemental Indenture is a valid and binding agreement of the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor, enforceable against such Subsidiary Guarantor in accordance with its terms.

Section 1309. Notices. Notice to any Subsidiary Guarantor shall be sufficient if addressed to such Subsidiary Guarantor care of the Company at the address, place and manner provided in Section
109.

[Signature pages to follow]

-77-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first written above.

WEX INC.

By: 

/s/ Jagtar Narula

Name: Jagtar Narula

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

FLEETONE HOLDINGS, LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball

Name: Jennifer Kimball

Title: Treasurer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

TRANSPLATINUM SERVICE, LLC

By: /s/ Sara Trickett

Name: Sara Trickett

Title: Secretary

[Signature Page to Indenture]

FLEETONE, L.L.C.

By: /s/ Jennifer Kimball

Name: Jennifer Kimball

Title: Treasurer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

WRIGHT EXPRESS HOLDINGS 2, LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball

Name: Jennifer Kimball

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to Indenture]

WRIGHT EXPRESS HOLDINGS 3, LLC

By:

/s/ Jennifer Kimball

Name: Jennifer Kimball

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to Indenture]

ELECTRONIC FUNDS SOURCE LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball

Name: Jennifer Kimball

Title: Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

EFS PAYMENTS LLC

By:

/s/ Jennifer Kimball

Name: Jennifer Kimball

Title: Treasurer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

PO HOLDING LLC

By: /s/ Jennifer Kimball

Name: Jennifer Kimball

Title: Treasurer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

WEX FLEET US LLC

By: WEX Inc., as Member

By: 

/s/ Jagtar Narula

Name: Jagtar Narula

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

WEX HEALTH, INC.

By: 

/s/ Sara Trickett

Name: Sara Trickett

Title: Secretary

[Signature Page to Indenture]

WEX DELAWARE NEWCO 2020 LLC

By: /s/ Erica Martin

Name: Erica Martin

Title: Secretary

[Signature Page to Indenture]

WEX CAPITAL LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball

Name: Jennifer Kimball

Title: Treasurer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

OTR TOPCO LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball

Name: Jennifer Kimball

Title: Treasurer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

OTR HOLDINGS LLC

By:

/s/ Jennifer Kimball

Name: Jennifer Kimball

Title: Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

TRUCKERS B2B, LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball

Name: Jennifer Kimball

Title: Treasurer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

OTR BLOCKER LLC

By: /s/ Jennifer Kimball

Name: Jennifer Kimball

Title: Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

WEX PAYMENTS INC.

By: 

/s/ Wade Collins

Name: Wade Collins

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

WRIGHT EXPRESS FUELING SOLUTIONS, INC.

By: /s/ Jennifer Kimball

Name: Jennifer Kimball

Title: Treasurer and President

[Signature Page to Indenture]

NEW OTR, L.P.

By: OTR Blocker LLC, its general partner

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball

Name: Jennifer Kimball

Title: Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

CITIBANK, N.A., AS TRUSTEE

By: /s/ Eva Waite

Name: Eva Waite

Title: Senior Trust Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

EXHIBIT A

Form of Note1

(FACE OF NOTE)

WEX Inc.

6.500% Senior Notes due 2023

CUSIP No.:

[Rule 144A: 96208T AD6]

[Regulation S: U96219 AB3]

No. __________ $ ________

WEX Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the state of Delaware, (and its successors and assigns, the Company) hereby promises to pay to _____________, or its registered
assigns, the principal sum of $__________ ([ ] United States Dollars) [(or such lesser or greater amount as shall be outstanding hereunder from time to time in accordance with Sections 312 and 313 of the Indenture referred to on
the reverse hereof)]2 (the Principal Amount) on March 15, 2033. The Company hereby promises to pay interest semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and
September 15 in each year, commencing [ ], 20[ ]3, at the rate of 6.500% per annum (subject to adjustment as provided below), until the
Principal Amount is paid or made available for payment. [Interest on this Note will accrue from the most recent date to which interest on this Note or any of its Predecessor Notes has been paid or duly provided for or, if no interest has been
paid, from the Issue Date.][4] [Interest on this Note will accrue (or will be
deemed to have accrued) from the most recent date to which interest on this Note or any of its Predecessor Notes has been paid or duly provided for or, if no such interest has been paid, from __________, ____5.]6 Interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The
interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) is registered at the close of
business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be March 1 or September 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly
provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record
Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Company, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Notes not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not
inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Notes may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in said Indenture.

Payment of principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on this Note will be made at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, or such other office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose; provided,
however, that at the option of the Company payment of interest may be made through the Paying Agent by wire transfer or immediately available funds to the account designated to the Company by the Person entitled thereto or by check
mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Note Register.

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual, electronic or facsimile signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under
the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

1 

Insert any applicable legends as provided in Article II of the Indenture.

2 

Include only if the Note is issued in global form.

3 

September 15, 2025 for the Initial Notes.

4 

Include only for Initial Notes.

5 

Insert applicable date.

6 

Include only for Additional Notes.

A-1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed.

WEX INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2

This is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-3

(REVERSE OF NOTE)

This Note is one of the duly authorized issue of 6.500% Senior Notes due 2033 of the Company (herein called the Notes), issued under an Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2025 (the Indenture, which
term shall have the meaning assigned to it in such instrument), among WEX Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company), as issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time
party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., in its capacity as Trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective
rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, any other obligor upon this Note, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes and of the terms upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. 
The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such terms. To the maximum extent permitted by law, in the case of any conflict between the provisions of this Note and
the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall control. Additional Notes may be issued from time to time under the Indenture and will vote as a class with the Notes and otherwise be treated as Notes for purposes of the Indenture.

All terms used in this Note that are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

This Note may hereafter be entitled to certain Subsidiary Guarantees made for the benefit of the Holders. Reference is made to Article XIII of the Indenture for terms relating to such Subsidiary Guarantees,
including the release, termination and discharge thereof. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary Guarantor shall be required to make any notation on this Note to reflect any Subsidiary Guarantee or any such release, termination or discharge.

The Notes are redeemable, at the Companys option, in whole or in part, as provided in the Indenture.

The Indenture provides (as and to the extent set forth therein) that, upon the occurrence after the Issue Date of a Change of Control Triggering Event, each Holder will have the right to require that the Company
repurchase all or any part of such Holders Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101.0% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of such repurchase
(subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the purchase date); provided, however, that the Company shall
not be obligated to repurchase Notes in the event it has exercised its right to redeem all the Notes as provided in the Indenture.

The Notes will not be entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund.

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire Indebtedness of this Note or certain restrictive covenants and certain Events of Default with respect to this Note, in each case upon
compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture.

If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of and accrued but unpaid interest on the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect
provided in the Indenture.

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Notes to be effected
under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Notes at the time Outstanding. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of
specified percentages in principal amount of the Notes at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Notes, to waive compliance by the Company and its Subsidiaries with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults
under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of
transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note.

A-4

As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Note shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or
trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Notes, the Holders of not less than 30.0% in principal amount of the
Notes at the time Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to pursue such remedy in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or
expense, and the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Notes at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days
after receipt of such notice, request and offer of security or indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Note for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or interest hereon on or after the
respective due dates expressed herein.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations and other provisions therein set forth, (a) the transfer of this Note is registrable in the Note Register, upon surrender of this Note for
registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company duly executed by, the Holder hereof or such Holders
attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees, (b) the Notes are issuable only in
fully registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, and (c) the Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes of a different authorized
denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.

No service charge shall be made for any such registration, transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or other governmental charge payable in connection
therewith.

Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration or transfer, the Company, any other obligor in respect of this Note, the Trustee and any agent of any of them may treat the Person in whose name this Note is
registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and none of the Company, any other obligor in respect of this Note, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

No past, present or future director, manager, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner or stockholder of the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor or any Subsidiary of any thereof, in their respective
capacities as such, shall have any liability for any obligation of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor under the Note Documents, or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, any such obligation or its creation. Each
Noteholder, by accepting the Notes, waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.

THE INDENTURE AND THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE TRUSTEE, THE COMPANY, ANY OTHER OBLIGOR IN RESPECT OF THIS NOTE AND (BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF
THIS NOTE) THE HOLDER HEREOF AGREE TO SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE COURT LOCATED IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INDENTURE,
THIS NOTE, OR THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES.

A-5

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned holder hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto

Insert Taxpayer Identification No.

(Please print or typewrite name and address including zip code of assignee)

the within Note and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing

attorney to transfer such Note on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises.

Check One

(a) 

this Note is being transferred in compliance with the exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided by Rule 144A thereunder.

or

(b) 

this Note is being transferred other than in accordance with (a) above and documents are being furnished which comply with the conditions of transfer set forth in this Note and the Indenture.

If neither of the foregoing boxes is checked, the Trustee or other Note Registrar shall not be obligated to register this Note in the name of any Person other than the Holder hereof unless and until the conditions to any such transfer of
registration set forth herein and in Section 313 of the Indenture shall have been satisfied.

Date: 

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within-mentioned instrument in every particular, without alteration or any change whatsoever.

Signature Guarantee: 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion
Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

A-6

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (a) ABOVE IS CHECKED.

The undersigned represents and warrants that it is purchasing this Note for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account is a
qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information
regarding the Company as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon the undersigneds foregoing representations in order to
claim the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A.

Dated: 

NOTICE: To be executed by an executive officer

A-7

OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE

If you wish to have this Note purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 415 of the Indenture, check the box: .

If you wish to have a portion of this Note purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 415 of the Indenture, state the amount (in principal amount) below:

$____________

Date: 

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note)

Signature Guarantee: 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion
Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

A-8

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL NOTE

The following increases or decreases in this Global Note have been made:

Date of

Exchange 

Amount of 

decreases in 

Principal Amount 

of this Global 

Note 

Amount of increases 

in Principal Amount

of this Global Note 

Principal amount 

of this Global 

Note following 

such decreases or 

increases 

Signature of authorized 

signatory of Trustee

A-9

EXHIBIT B

[RESERVED]

B-1

EXHIBIT C

Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership

On or after [__________], 20[ ]

CITIBANK, N.A.

480 Washington Blvd 14th Floor

Jersey City, NJ 07310

Attention: Agency and Trust Operations

Re: WEX INC. (the Company)

6.500% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter relates to $________ principal amount of Notes represented by the offshore [temporary] global note certificate (the [Temporary] Regulation S Global Note). Pursuant to Section 313(3) of the
Indenture dated as of March 6, 2025 relating to the Notes (as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the Indenture), we hereby certify that (1) we are the beneficial owner of such principal amount of Notes
represented by the [Temporary] Regulation S Global Note and (2) we are either (i) a NonU.S. person to whom the Notes could be transferred in accordance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S (Regulation S) promulgated
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act) or (ii) a U.S. person who purchased securities in a transaction that did not require registration under the Act.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative or legal
proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate have the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[Name of Holder]

By: 

Authorized Signature

C-1

EXHIBIT D

Form of Regulation S Certificate

CITIBANK, N.A.

480 Washington Blvd 14th Floor

Jersey City, NJ 07310

Attention: Agency and Trust Operations

Re: WEX INC. (the Company)

6.500% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In connection with our proposed sale of $________ aggregate principal amount of Notes, we confirm that such sale has been effected pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation S (Regulation S) under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and accordingly, we hereby certify as follows:

1. The offer of the Notes was not made to a person in the United States (unless such person or the account held by it for which it is acting is excluded
from the definition of U.S. person pursuant to Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the circumstances described in Rule 902(h)(3) of Regulation S) or specifically targeted at an identifiable group of U.S. citizens abroad.

2. Either (a) at the time the buy order was originated, the buyer was outside the United States or we and any person acting on our behalf
reasonably believed that the buyer was outside the United States or (b) the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market, and neither we nor any person acting on our behalf knows
that the transaction was pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States.

3. No directed selling efforts have been made in the United States in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(a)(2) or Rule 904(a)(2) of Regulation
S, as applicable.

4. The proposed transfer of Notes is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

5. If we are a dealer or a person receiving a selling concession or other fee or remuneration in respect of the Notes, and the proposed transfer takes
place before end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, or we are an officer or director of the Company or a distributor, we certify that the proposed transfer is being made in accordance with the provisions of Rules 903 and
904 of Regulation S.

6. If the proposed transfer takes place before the end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, the beneficial interest in the Notes so
transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear (as defined in such Indenture) or Clearstream (as defined in such Indenture).

7. We have advised the transferee of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes.

D-1

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are entitled to rely upon this Certificate and are irrevocably authorized to produce this Certificate or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative or
legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate have the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF SELLER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

Date of this Certificate: _________________, 20__

D-2

EXHIBIT E

Form of Supplemental Indenture in Respect of Subsidiary Guarantee

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of [_________] (this Supplemental Indenture), among [name of Guarantor(s)] (the New Subsidiary Guarantor(s)), WEX Inc. (the Company), and each other
then-existing Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture referred to below (the Existing Guarantors), and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee under the Indenture referred to below.

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Company, any Existing Guarantors and the Trustee have heretofore become parties to an Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2025, relating to the Companys 6.500% Senior Notes due 2033 (as amended,
supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the Indenture), providing for the issuance of the Notes;

WHEREAS, Section 1308 of the Indenture provides that the Company is required to cause (i) each Subsidiary that is required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to Section 414 of the Indenture and (ii) each
Subsidiary of the Company that the Company causes to become a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to Section 414 of the Indenture, to execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which such Restricted Subsidiary shall
guarantee the Subsidiary Guaranteed Obligations pursuant to a Subsidiary Guarantee on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in Article XIII of the Indenture;

WHEREAS, each New Subsidiary Guarantor desires to enter into this Supplemental Indenture; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 901 of the Indenture, the parties hereto are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture to amend the Indenture, without the consent of any Holder;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the New Subsidiary Guarantors, the Company, the Existing Guarantors and
the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:

1. Defined Terms. As used in this Supplemental Indenture, terms defined in the Indenture or in the preamble or recital hereto are used herein as therein defined. The words
herein, hereof and hereby and other words of similar import used in this Supplemental Indenture refer to this Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular section hereof.

2. Agreement to Guarantee. The New Subsidiary Guarantor hereby agrees, jointly and severally with [all] [any] other Existing Subsidiary Guarantors and fully and
unconditionally, to guarantee the Subsidiary Guaranteed Obligations under the Indenture and the Notes on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Article XIII of the Indenture and to be bound by (and shall be entitled to the
benefits of) all other applicable provisions of the Indenture as a Subsidiary Guarantor.

3. Termination, Release and Discharge. The New Subsidiary Guarantors Subsidiary Guarantee shall terminate and be of no further force or effect, and the New Subsidiary
Guarantor shall be released and discharged from all obligations in respect of such Subsidiary Guarantee, as and when provided in Section 1303 of the Indenture.

4. Parties. Nothing in this Supplemental Indenture is intended or shall be construed to give any Person, other than the Holders and the Trustee, any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under or in respect of the New Subsidiary Guarantors Subsidiary Guarantee or any provision contained herein or in Article XIII of the Indenture.

5.Governing Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE TRUSTEE, THE COMPANY, ANY OTHER OBLIGOR IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES AND (BY THEIR ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOTES) THE HOLDERS AGREE TO SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE COURT LOCATED IN
THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE.

E-1

6.Ratification of Indenture; Supplemental Indentures Part of Indenture. Except as expressly amended
hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and
every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby. The Trustee makes no representation or warranty as to the validity, execution or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or as to the
accuracy of the recitals to this Supplemental Indenture, which shall be taken as a statement of the Company.

7.Counterparts. The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Supplemental Indenture in
counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

8.Headings. The section headings herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to
alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof.

9.The Trustee. In entering into this Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to the benefit
of every provision of the Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee, whether or not elsewhere herein so provided.

E-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

[NAME OF GUARANTOR(S)],

as Subsidiary Guarantor

By: 

Name:

Title:

WEX INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Officer:

E-3

EXHIBIT F

Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional Accredited Investors

CITIBANK, N.A.

480 Washington Blvd 14th Floor

Jersey City, NJ 07310

Attention: Agency and Trust Operations

Re: WEX INC. (the Company)

6.500% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In connection with our proposed sale of $________ aggregate principal amount of Notes, we confirm that:

1. We understand that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Indenture dated as of March 6, 2025, relating to the Notes (as amended,
supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the Indenture) and the undersigned agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

2. We understand that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities law, and that the Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except as
permitted in the following sentence. We agree, on our own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for which we are acting as hereinafter stated, that if we should offer, sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any Notes within
one year after the original issuance of the Notes, we will do so only (A) to the Company, (B) inside the United States to a qualified institutional buyer in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, (C) inside
the United States to an institutional accredited investor (as defined below) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes to you a signed letter substantially in the form of this letter, (D) outside the United States to a foreign person in
compliance with Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (E) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available), or (F) pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act, and we further agree to provide to any person purchasing any of the Notes from us a notice advising such purchaser that resales of the Notes are restricted as stated herein and in the Indenture.

3. We understand that, on any proposed transfer of any Notes prior to the later of the original issue date of the Notes and the last date the Notes were held by an affiliate of the Company pursuant to
paragraphs 2(C), 2(D) and 2(E) above, we will be required to furnish to you and the Company such certifications, legal opinions and other information as you and the Company may reasonably require to confirm that the proposed transfer complies
with the foregoing restrictions. We further understand that the Notes purchased by us will bear a legend to the foregoing effect.

4. We are an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) and have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be
capable of evaluating the merits and risks of our investment in the Notes, and we and any accounts for which we are acting are acquiring the Notes for investment purposes and not with a view to, or offer or sale in connection with, any
distribution in violation of the Securities Act, and we are each able to bear the economic risk of our or its investment.

5. We are acquiring the Notes purchased by us for our own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an institutional accredited investor) as to each of which we exercise sole
investment discretion.

F-1

You, the Company and counsel to the Company are entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative or legal
proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF TRANSFREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

F-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ny20044175x8_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment), dated as of March 6, 2025, by and among WEX INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), WRIGHT EXPRESS INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED, as a Designated Borrower
(as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement referred to below), WEX CARD HOLDINGS AUSTRALIA PTY LTD. (the Specified Designated Borrower, together with the Company and the Designated Borrower, the Amendment Loan Parties),

the Term B-3 Lenders (as defined below), each of the other Lenders party hereto and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as the administrative agent (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement referred to below).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Company, the
Designated Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Specified Designated Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer are party to that certain Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2021 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2023, that certain Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement,
dated as of August 10, 2023, that certain Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2023, that certain Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2024, that
certain Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and First Amendment to U.S. Security Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2024, that certain Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 26,
2024 and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement);

WHEREAS, pursuant to and
in accordance with Sections 2.17 and 10.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Company has requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended as provided herein;

WHEREAS, each Lender that
executes and delivers a signature page to this Amendment (such Lenders constituting Required Lenders) has consented to the amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement set forth in this Amendment;

WHEREAS, the Company has
notified the Administrative Agent that it is requesting an Incremental Term Facility (the Incremental Term B-3 Facility) in the form of Term B-3 Loans (as defined below) pursuant to Section 2.17 and clause III of the definition
of Incremental Cap in the Existing Credit Agreement, it being understood that the Term B-3 Loans will be a new and separate Class of Term Loans for all purposes under the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below) and the other Loan
Documents;

WHEREAS, each Term B-3
Lender has agreed, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Amended Credit Agreement, to provide a portion of the Term B-3 Loans on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date (as defined below) to the Company in an
aggregate principal amount equal to its Incremental Term B-3 Commitment (as defined below);

WHEREAS, the parties
hereto wish to further amend the Existing Credit Agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS, (x) BofA
Securities, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Citizens Bank, N.A., Truist Securities, Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., MUFG Bank, Ltd., BMO Capital Markets Corp., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and HSBC Securities (USA)
Inc. have agreed to act as joint lead arrangers in connection with this Amendment (collectively, in such capacities, the Seventh Amendment Joint Lead Arrangers) and (y) Santander Bank, N.A., Regions Capital Markets, KeyBanc
Capital Markets Inc. and Fifth Third Bank, National Association have agreed to act as co-managers in connection this Amendment (collectively, in such capacities, the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers and, together with the Seventh
Amendment Joint Lead Arrangers, the Arrangers);

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the covenants and agreements contained herein, as well as other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

SECTION 1. Defined
Terms. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment (the Amended Credit Agreement).

SECTION 2. Amendments.
Effective as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, (a) the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken

text) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text)
as set forth in the pages of the Amended Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto and (b) Exhibit D to the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its entirety as set forth on Annex I hereto.

SECTION 3. Incremental Term Facility.
Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 4 hereof, on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date:

(a) Each Person who
executes this Amendment and whose name is set forth on Schedule I hereto as a Term B-3 Lender (each, a Term B-3 Lender) irrevocably (i) in its capacity as a Term B-3 Lender, consents to the terms of this Amendment, (ii)
commits to provide a portion of the Incremental Term B-3 Facility (the loans thereunder, the Term B-3 Loans) in the aggregate principal amount set forth on Schedule I hereto opposite such Term B-3 Lenders name (each, an
Incremental Term B-3 Commitment) and (iii) agrees to make Term B-3 Loans in an amount equal to its Incremental Term B-3 Commitment to the Company on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date. The Incremental Term B-3 Commitments of
the Term B-3 Lenders shall terminate upon funding of the Term B-3 Loans. The Term B-3 Loans will be a new and separate class of Term Loans for all purposes under the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

(b) Each Term B-3 Lender acknowledges and agrees that upon the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, such Term B-3 Lender shall be a Lender under, and for all purposes of the Amended Credit
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall be subject to and bound by the terms thereof, and shall perform all the obligations of and shall have all rights of a Lender thereunder. Each Term B-3 Lender also acknowledges and agrees
that it has (x) received a copy of the Amended Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 thereof, as applicable, and
such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Amendment and (y) independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on
such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Amendment.

- 2 -

SECTION 4. Conditions

to Effectiveness and Funding. The effectiveness of the amendments set forth in Section 2 hereof and the obligations of the Term B-3 Lenders to make the Term B-3 Loans are subject to satisfaction or waiver of the
following conditions precedent (the date of such satisfaction and/or waiver being the Seventh Amendment Effective Date):

(a) (i) each of the
Amendment Loan Parties shall have executed and delivered counterparts of this Amendment to the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Term B-3 Lenders shall have executed and delivered a counterpart of this Amendment to the Administrative Agent,
(iii) the Lenders constituting Required Lenders (prior to giving effect to the Incremental Term B-3 Facility) shall have executed and delivered a counterpart of this Amendment to the Administrative Agent, (iv) each Domestic Subsidiary
Guarantor shall have executed an acknowledgement and reaffirmation in the form attached hereto and (v) the Administrative Agent shall have executed a counterpart of this Amendment;

(b) the
representations and warranties of the Amendment Loan Parties contained in Section 5 of this Amendment shall be true and correct (or true and correct in all material respects, in the case of any such representation or
warranty that is not qualified as to materiality) on and as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date; provided that to the extent that any representation and warranty specifically refers to an earlier date, it shall be true and
correct (or true and correct in all material respects, in the case of any such representation or warranty that is not qualified as to materiality) as of such earlier date;

(c) immediately prior
to giving effect to and immediately after giving effect to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

(d) the
Administrative Agent shall have received, on behalf of itself and each of the Lenders, a customary written opinion of Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP, in its capacity as counsel for the Amendment Loan Parties and certain of the Domestic
Subsidiary Guarantors, dated as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders;

(e) all fees and
expenses required to be paid by the Company on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date pursuant to that certain Engagement Letter, dated as of March 6, 2025, by and between the Company and the Arrangers, and that certain Fee Letter, dated as
of March 6, 2025, by and between the Company and the Arrangers, shall have been paid or shall be paid substantially concurrently with the effectiveness of this Amendment;

(f) the
Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by a Responsible Officer thereof certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 4(b) and 4(c) hereof have been satisfied;

(g) without
duplication of the foregoing clause (e), all expenses of the Administrative Agent required to be paid by the Company pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement shall have been paid to the extent an invoice has been received by the
Company at least one (1) Business Day prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date;

(h) the Company shall
have paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender party to the Existing Credit Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, prior to giving effect to this Amendment) that delivers a counterpart to this Amendment prior to
12:00 p.m. on February 27, 2025, a consent fee equal to 0.025% of the aggregate amount of Term Loans and Revolving Credit Commitments of such Lender immediately prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date;

- 3 -

(i) the
Administrative Agent shall have received a Solvency Certificate executed by the chief financial officer of the Company dated as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and certifying as to the matters set forth therein after giving effect
to this Amendment;

(j) the
Administrative Agent shall have received (i) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Amendment Loan Party and each Domestic Subsidiary Guarantor
as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Amendment and the Amended Credit
Agreement and (ii) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Amendment Loan Party and each Domestic Subsidiary Guarantor is duly organized or formed, and that each Amendment
Loan Party and each Domestic Subsidiary Guarantor is validly existing, in good standing in such entitys jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation (provided that the relevant Amendment Loan Party may certify that
there have been no changes to the certificate or articles of incorporation, certificate of limited partnership, certificate of formation or other equivalent constituent and governing document of such Amendment Loan Party since the Fifth
Amendment Effective Date);

(k)

(x) each Loan Party shall have provided the documentation and other information to the Administrative Agent that are required by regulatory authorities under
applicable know-your-customer rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date to the extent such information has been requested at least five (5)
Business Days prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date; and

(y) At least three (3) Business Days prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, any Borrower that qualifies as a legal entity customer under 31 C.F.R. 1010.230
shall have delivered, to each Lender that so requests to the extent requested at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by 31 C.F.R. 1010.230 in
relation to such Borrower (the Beneficial Ownership Certifications);

(l) the
Administrative Agent shall have received a Loan Notice in accordance with Section 2.02(a) of the Amended Credit Agreement with respect to the Term B-3 Loans; and

(m) as of the last
day of the most recently ended Test Period, on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to the incurrence of the Incremental Term Facility and all other appropriate pro forma adjustments (but without netting any cash proceeds from such
incurrence), the Company would be in compliance with Section 7.11 of the Existing Credit Agreement and the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer thereof certifying that such
condition has been satisfied (including appropriate calculations).

SECTION 5. Representations

and Warranties. Each Amendment Loan Party hereby represents and warrants on and as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date that:

(a) the
representations and warranties of the Borrowers contained in Article V of the Amended Credit Agreement and the representations and warranties of each Loan Party contained in each other Loan Document shall be true and correct (or true and
correct in all material respects, in the case of any such representation or warranty that is not qualified as to materiality) on and as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties
specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct (or true and correct in all material respects, in the case of any such representation or warranty that is not qualified as to materiality) as of such
earlier date, and except that the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 of the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses
(a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement;

- 4 -

(b) this Amendment
has been duly executed and delivered by each Amendment Loan Party and this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Amendment Loan Party, enforceable
against such Amendment Loan Party in accordance with their respective terms, except to the extent that the enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws generally
affecting creditors rights and by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law);

(c) the Guaranties
do, and shall continue to, guarantee the Obligations (or Foreign Obligations, as applicable) in accordance with the terms thereof;

(d) the Collateral
Documents and all of the Collateral described therein do, and shall continue to, secure the payment of all of the Obligations (or Foreign Obligations, as applicable) in accordance with the terms thereof;

(e) the
information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certifications provided on or prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date is true and correct in all respects; and

(f) the execution,
delivery and performance by each Amendment Loan Party of this Amendment and the performance by each Amendment Loan Party of the Amended Credit Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action,
and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Amendment Loan Partys Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be
made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Amendment Loan Party is a party or affecting such Amendment Loan Party or the properties of such Amendment Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ
or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Amendment Loan Party or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Law, except, in each case referred to in clauses (b) or (c), to the extent that the same could
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 6. Effects on Loan Documents.

(a) On and after
the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, each reference in any Loan Document to the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement and each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement,
hereunder, hereof or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement.

(b) Except as
specifically amended herein, all Loan Documents (including the Guaranties and all Liens granted thereunder in respect of the Obligations) shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and
confirmed. Each Amendment Loan Party reaffirms its Guaranties and any prior grant and the validity of any Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, in each case, in accordance with the terms thereof, with all such Liens
continuing to secure the applicable Obligations in full force and effect after giving effect to this Amendment.

- 5 -

(c) The execution,
delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Loan
Documents or in any way limit, impair or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under the Loan Documents. This Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement shall not constitute a novation of the
Existing Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents.

(d) The Company
and the other parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, on and after the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, this Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement. This Amendment shall constitute
notice to the Administrative Agent required under Section 2.17(a) of the Amended Credit Agreement with respect to the Incremental Term B-3 Facility.

SECTION 7. Limited
Condition Transaction. The Company hereby elects to designate the 2025 Share Repurchase (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) as a Limited Condition Transaction with an LCT Test Date of February 26, 2025.

SECTION 8. GOVERNING

LAW. THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE
GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

SECTION 9. [Reserved].

SECTION 10. Miscellaneous.

(a) This Amendment
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Loan Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and upon the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

(b) To the extent
permitted by applicable Law, any provision of this Amendment held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability
without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.

(c) This Amendment
may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Amendment may be in the
form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures (as defined in 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time) (including, without limitation, facsimile and .pdf) and shall be considered an original, and
shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper counterpart
to this Amendment which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed counterpart to this Amendment converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]

- 6 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused their duly authorized officers to execute and deliver this Amendment as of the date first above written.

WEX INC.

By: /s/ Jagtar Narula

Name:

Jagtar Narula 

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

DESIGNATED BORROWER:

WRIGHT EXPRESS INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED

By: /s/ Steve Paddock

Name: 

Steve Paddock 

Title: 

Director 

SPECIFIED DESIGNATED BORROWER:

Executed in accordance with section 127 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) by

WEX CARD HOLDINGS AUSTRALIA PTY LTD

(ACN 123 181 635)

By: /s/ Kim Ford

Name: 

Kim Ford

Title: 

Director

By: /s/ Rosa Perez 

Name: 

Rosa Perez

Title: 

Secretary

[Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (WEX)]

Each of the undersigned (i) acknowledges and agrees to the foregoing Amendment; (ii) reaffirms any Guaranties executed by it and reaffirms that such Guaranties do, and shall continue to, guarantee the
Obligations; and (iii) reaffirms any prior grant and the validity of any Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, with all such Liens and Guaranties continuing in full force and effect after giving effect to the Amendment.

DOMESTIC SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS:

FLEETONE HOLDINGS, LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball 

Name: 

Jennifer Kimball 

Title: 

Treasurer 

TRANSPLATINUM SERVICE, LLC

By: 

/s/ Sara Trickett 

Name: 

Sara Trickett 

Title: 

Secretary 

FLEETONE, L.L.C.

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball 

Name: 

Jennifer Kimball 

Title: 

Treasurer 

WRIGHT EXPRESS HOLDINGS 2, LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball 

Name: 

Jennifer Kimball 

Title: 

Manager 

WRIGHT EXPRESS HOLDINGS 3, LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball 

Name: 

Jennifer Kimball 

Title: 

Manager 

[Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (WEX)]

ELECTRONIC FUNDS SOURCE LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball 

Name: 

Jennifer Kimball 

Title: 

Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

EFS PAYMENTS LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball 

Name: 

Jennifer Kimball 

Title: 

Treasurer

PO HOLDING LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball 

Name: 

Jennifer Kimball 

Title: 

Treasurer

WEX FLEET US LLC

By: WEX Inc., as Member

By: 

/s/ Jagtar Narula 

Name: 

Jagtar Narula 

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

WEX HEALTH, INC.

By: 

/s/ Sara Trickett 

Name: 

Sara Trickett 

Title: 

Secretary

WEX DELAWARE NEWCO 2020 LLC

By: 

/s/ Erica Martin 

Name: 

Erica Martin 

Title: 

Secretary

[Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (WEX)]

WEX CAPITAL LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball 

Name: 

Jennifer Kimball 

Title: 

Treasurer 

OTR TOPCO LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball 

Name: 

Jennifer Kimball 

Title: 

Treasurer 

OTR HOLDINGS LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball 

Name: 

Jennifer Kimball 

Title: 

Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

TRUCKERS B2B, LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball 

Name: 

Jennifer Kimball 

Title: 

Treasurer 

OTR BLOCKER LLC

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball 

Name: 

Jennifer Kimball 

Title: 

Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

WEX PAYMENTS INC.

By: 

/s/ Wade Collins 

Name: 

Wade Collins 

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

WRIGHT EXPRESS FUELING SOLUTIONS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball 

Name: 

Jennifer Kimball 

Title: 

Treasurer and President

[Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (WEX)]

NEW OTR, L.P.

By: OTR Blocker LLC, its general partner

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Kimball 

Name: 

Jennifer Kimball 

Title: 

Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (WEX)]

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent

By: 

/s/ Angela Larkin 

Name: 

Angela Larkin 

Title: 

Vice President 

[Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (WEX)]

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as the Term B-3 Lender

By: 

/s/ Robert C. Megan 

Name: 

Robert C. Megan 

Title: 

Senior Vice President 

[Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (WEX)]

[LENDER SIGNATURE PAGES ON FILE WITH ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT]

SCHEDULE I

Term B-3 Commitments

Term B-3 Lender 

Term B-3 Commitment

Bank of America, N.A. 

$450,000,000.00

Total: 

$450,000,000.00

EXHIBIT A

Amended Credit Agreement

(See attached.)

Annex I

Amended Exhibit D

(See attached.)

Execution Version

EXHIBIT A

Published Deal CUSIP: 96208UAQ4

Published Revolver CUSIP: 96208UAR2

Published Term A-1 CUSIP: 96208UAV3

Published Term B-2 CUSIP: 96208UAW1

Published Term B-3 CUSIP: 96208UAX9

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT1

Dated as of April 1, 2021

among

WEX INC.

and

CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES,

as Borrowers,

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender

and

L/C Issuer,

and

The Other Lenders Party Hereto

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.,

1 

This marked version is marked against the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2021 and as amended by the First Amendment, dated as of April 24, 2022, the Second Amendment, dated as of August 10, 2023, the Third Amendment, dated
as of September 26, 2023, the Fourth Amendment, dated as of January 22, 2024, the Fifth Amendment and First Amendment to U.S. Security Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2024 and shows changes
made pursuant to, the Sixth Amendment, dated as of November 26, 2024 and shows changes
made pursuant to the Seventh Amendment, dated as of March 6, 2025.

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC,

CITIZENS BANK, N.A.,

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC.,

MIZUHO BANK, LTD.,

MUFG BANK, LTD.,

BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP.,

CITIBANK, N.A.,

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.

and

HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC.,

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners with respect to the Term A-1 Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility,

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC,

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.,

CITIZENS BANK, N.A.,

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC.,

MUFG BANK, LTD.,

SANTANDER BANK, N.A.,

BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP.,

MIZUHO BANK, LTD.,

CITIBANK, N.A.,

KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS INC.,

HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC.

REGIONS CAPITAL MARKETS,

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

and

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners with respect to the Term B-2 Facility

and

DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.,

BELL STATE BANK & TRUST,

CAMDEN NATIONAL BANK

and

WEBSTER BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Joint Lead Arrangers with respect to the Term B-2 Facility,

and

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.,

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC,

CITIZENS BANK, N.A.,

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC.,

MIZUHO BANK, LTD.,

MUFG BANK, LTD.,

BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP.,

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.,

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC.,

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners with respect to the Term B-3 Facility

This is a Syndicated Facility Agreement

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

1.01 

Defined Terms 

1

1.02 

Other Interpretive Provisions 

72

1.03 

Accounting Terms 

73

1.04 

Rounding 

73

1.05 

Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents 

73

1.06 

Additional Alternative Currencies 

74

1.07 

Change of Currency 

75

1.08 

Times of Day and Timing of Payment and Performance 

75

1.09 

Letter of Credit Amounts 

76

1.10 

Limited Condition Transaction 

76

1.11 

Interest Rates 

77

1.12 

Certain Determinations 

77

ARTICLE II

THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS

2.01 

The Loans 

79

2.02 

Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 

81

2.03 

Letters of Credit 

84

2.04 

Swing Line Loans 

94

2.05 

Prepayments 97

2.06 

Termination or Reduction of Commitments 104

2.07 

Repayment of Loans 105

2.08 

Interest 

106

2.09 

Fees 

107

2.10 

Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate 

107

-i-

Page

2.11 

Evidence of Debt 

108

2.12 

Payments Generally; Administrative Agents Clawback 

109

2.13 

Sharing of Payments by Lenders 

111

2.14 

Designated Borrowers 112

2.15 

Defaulting Lenders 113

2.16 

Designated Lenders 115

2.17 

Incremental Commitments 115

2.18 

Refinancing Facilities 

119

2.19 

Amend and Extend Transactions 

120

ARTICLE III

TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY

3.01 

Taxes 

122

3.02 

Illegality 

128

3.03 

Inability to Determine Rates 

128

3.04 

Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans, SONIA Rate Loans and Daily Simple SOFR Loans 

132

3.05 

Compensation for Losses 

134

3.06 

Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 

135

3.07 

Survival 

136

3.08 

Obligations Under Article III 

136

ARTICLE IV

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS

4.01 

[Reserved] 

136

4.02 

Conditions to All Credit Extensions 

136

4.03 

Conditions to Credit Extension to Specified Designated Borrower 

137

ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.01 

Existence, Qualification and Power 

138

5.02 

Authorization; No Contravention 

138

-ii-

Page

5.03 

Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 

138

5.04 

Binding Effect 

138

5.05 

Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 

139

5.06 

Litigation 

139

5.07 

No Default 

139

5.08 

Ownership of Property; Liens 

139

5.09 

Environmental Compliance 

140

5.10 

Insurance 

140

5.11 

Taxes 

140

5.12 

ERISA Compliance 

140

5.13 

Subsidiaries; Equity Interests 

141

5.14 

Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 

142

5.15 

Disclosure 

142

5.16 

Compliance with Laws 

142

5.17 

Taxpayer Identification Number; Other Identifying Information 

142

5.18 

Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. 

143

5.19 

Representations as to Foreign Loan Parties and the Specified Designated Borrower 

143

5.20 

Solvency 

144

5.21 

OFAC 

144

5.22 

Anti-Corruption Laws 

144

5.23 

PATRIOT Act 

145

5.24 

Use of Proceeds 

145

5.25 

Collateral Documents 

145

5.26 

Affected Financial Institution 

145

ARTICLE VI

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

6.01 

Financial Statements 

145

6.02 

Certificates; Other Information 

148

-iii-

Page

6.03 

Notices 

149

6.04 

Payment of Taxes 

149

6.05 

Preservation of Existence, Etc. 

149

6.06 

Maintenance of Properties 

149

6.07 

Maintenance of Insurance 

149

6.08 

Compliance with Laws 

150

6.09 

Books and Records 

150

6.10 

Inspection Rights 

150

6.11 

Use of Proceeds 

150

6.12 

Approvals and Authorizations 

151

6.13 

Additional Guarantors and Collateral; Redesignation of Immaterial Subsidiaries; Designation of Stock Pledge Subsidiaries 

151

6.14 

Compliance with Regulatory Requirements 

155

6.15 

Further Assurances 

155

6.16 

[Reserved] 

156

6.17 

People with Significant Control Regime (UK) 

156

ARTICLE VII

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

7.01 

Liens 

156

7.02 

Investments 

159

7.03 

Indebtedness 

162

7.04 

Fundamental Changes 

165

7.05 

Dispositions 

166

7.06 

Restricted Payments 

167

7.07 

Change in Nature of Business; Bank Regulated Subsidiaries 

168

7.08 

Transactions with Affiliates 

168

7.09 

Burdensome Agreements 

169

7.10 

Use of Proceeds 

170

7.11 

Financial Covenants 

170

-iv-

Page

7.12 

Sale and Leasebacks 

170

7.13 

Accounting Changes 

170

7.14 

Tax Receivable Agreement; Prepayments 

171

7.15 

Amendments 

171

7.16 

Permitted Securitization Transactions 

171

7.17 

Changes in Locations, Name, etc. 

171

ARTICLE VIII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

8.01 

Events of Default 

172

8.02 

Remedies Upon Event of Default 

175

8.03 

Application of Funds 

177

ARTICLE IX

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

9.01 

Appointment and Authority 

178

9.02 

Rights as a Lender 

178

9.03 

Exculpatory Provisions 

179

9.04 

Reliance by Administrative Agent 

180

9.05 

Delegation of Duties 

180

9.06 

Resignation of Administrative Agent 

181

9.07 

Non-Reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers and the Other Lenders 

182

9.08 

No Other Duties, Etc. 

182

9.09 

Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 

183

9.10 

Collateral and Guaranty Matters 

184

9.11 

Specified Cash Management Agreements and Specified Hedge Agreements 

186

9.12 

Recovery of Erroneous Payments 

186

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

10.01 

Amendments, Etc. 

186

-v-

Page

10.02 

Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication 

191

10.03 

No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement 

193

10.04 

Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 

194

10.05 

Payments Set Aside 

196

10.06 

Successors and Assigns 

196

10.07 

Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 

203

10.08 

Right of Setoff 

204

10.09 

Interest Rate Limitation 

205

10.10 

Counterparts; Integration 

205

10.11 

Survival of Representations and Warranties 

205

10.12 

Severability 

205

10.13 

Replacement of Lenders 

206

10.14 

Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 

207

10.15 

Waiver of Jury Trial 

208

10.16 

No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 

208

10.17 

Electronic Execution 

209

10.18 

USA PATRIOT Act 210

10.19 

Judgment Currency 

210

10.20 

CAM Agreement 

210

10.21 

Certain Representations and Confirmations 

210

10.22 

[Reserved]. 

211

10.23 

Parallel Debt 

211

10.24 

Additional Appointment 

213

10.25 

Appointment of Company 

213

10.26 

Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 

213

10.27 

ERISA 

214

10.28 

Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 

215

10.29 

Effectiveness of Amendment and Restatement 

215

-vi-

SCHEDULES

I 

Commitments

1.01A 

Agreed Credit Support Principles

1.01B 

Existing Letters of Credit

1.01C 

Mortgaged Property

1.01D 

Initial Foreign Subsidiary Guarantors

5.13 

Subsidiaries; Other Equity Investments; Equity Interests in the Company

5.17 

Identification Numbers for Designated Borrowers that are Foreign Subsidiaries

7.01 

Existing Liens

7.02 

Existing Investments

7.03 

Existing Indebtedness

7.09 

Burdensome Agreements

10.02 

Administrative Agents Office; Certain Addresses for Notices

EXHIBITS

Form of

A 

Loan Notice

B 

Swing Line Loan Notice

C-1 

Term Note

C-2 

Revolving Credit Note

D 

Compliance Certificate

E 

Assignment and Assumption

F 

[Reserved]

G 

[Reserved]

H 

Foreign Subsidiary Guaranty

I 

[Reserved]

-vii-

J 

Perfection Certificate

K 

Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement

L 

Designated Borrower Notice

M-1 

Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Lenders that are Not Partnerships)

M-2 

Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Participants that are Not Partnerships)

M-3 

Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Participants that are Partnerships)

M-4 

Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Lenders that are Partnerships)

N 

Solvency Certificate

O 

Notice of Loan Prepayment

-viii-

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

This AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (Agreement) is entered into as of April 1, 2021 among WEX INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), the Designated Borrowers (as defined herein and,
together with the Company, collectively the Borrowers and, each a Borrower), the Specified Designated Borrower (as defined herein), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a
Lender) and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer.

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, the Borrowers and the Specified Designated Borrower are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or modified prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit
Agreement), among the Borrowers, the Specified Designated Borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swing line lender and L/C issuer pursuant to which the lenders thereunder
have extended or committed to extent certain credit facilities to the Borrowers and the Specified Designated Borrower.

WHEREAS, the Company has requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended and restated and in connection with such amendment and restatement that the Lenders extend credit in the form of (i) the Term A Loans (as
defined herein) on the Closing Date in an initial aggregate principal amount of $978,432,863.34, (ii) the Term B Loans (as defined herein) on the Closing Date in an initial aggregate principal amount of $1,442,000,000 and (iii) the Revolving Credit
Facility (as defined herein) in an initial aggregate principal amount of $930,000,000.

WHEREAS, the proceeds of the term Loans and the Revolving Credit Facility on the Closing Date will be used to (i) prepay in full all Existing Term Loans (including accrued and unpaid interest, fees, expenses and other
amount related thereto, other than contingent obligations not then due and payable) outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement on the Closing Date, (ii) prepay in full all Existing Credit Agreement Revolving Credit Loans (including accrued and
unpaid interest, premiums, fees, expenses and other amounts related thereto, other than contingent obligations not then due and payable and, for the avoidance of doubt, other than with respect to any Existing Letters of Credit, which shall be
continued as Letters of Credit hereunder) outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement on the Closing Date, (clauses (i) and (ii), collectively, the Closing Date Refinancing) and (iii) pay all fees and expenses in connection with the
foregoing.

WHEREAS, the Lenders have indicated their willingness to lend and the L/C Issuer (as defined herein) has indicated its willingness to issue letters of credit, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

2023 Incremental Revolving Lender has the meaning specified in the Third Amendment.

2024 Revolving Credit Commitment means, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, its obligation to (a) make Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(c) or pursuant to an Additional
Credit Extension Amendment, (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations, and (c) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lenders
name on Schedule I to the Fifth Amendment under the caption 2024 Revolving Credit Commitment or opposite such caption in the Additional Credit Extension Amendment or Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto,
as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The aggregate amount of the 2024 Revolving Credit Commitments as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date is $1,600,000,000 and the 2024 Revolving
Credit Commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender as of the Fifth Amendment Effective is set forth on Schedule I to the Fifth Amendment.

2025 Share Repurchase means the repurchase of the Equity Interests of the Company in an amount not to exceed $750,000,000 whether consummated pursuant to a
tender offer to be initiated on or about the Seventh Amendment Effective Date or otherwise.

Acquired Entity or Business means any Person, property, business or asset acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary, including pursuant to a transaction consummated prior to or after the Closing Date, and not
subsequently so disposed of.

Acquisition means (a) an investment (through the acquisition of Equity Interests or otherwise) by the Company or any Subsidiary in any other Person pursuant to which such Person shall become a Subsidiary or
shall be merged with or into the Company or any Subsidiary, or (b) the acquisition (by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) by the Company or any Subsidiary of the assets of any Person which constitute all or substantially all of the
assets of such Person or any division, business unit, product line or line of business of such Person.

Additional Credit Extension Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement (which may, at the option of the Administrative Agent and the Company, be in the form of an amendment and restatement of this
Agreement) providing for any (i) Incremental Facilities pursuant to Section 2.17, (ii) Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness pursuant to Section 2.18 and/or (iii) Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Term Loans
pursuant to Section 2.19, which shall be consistent with the applicable provisions of this Agreement and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Each Additional Credit Extension Amendment shall be executed by the L/C
Issuer and/or the Swing Line Lender (to the extent Section 10.01 would require the consent of the L/C Issuer and/or the Swing Line Lender, respectively, for the amendments effected in such Additional Credit Extension Amendment), the
Administrative Agent, the Loan Parties and the other parties specified in Section 2.17, 2.18 or 2.19, as applicable, of this Agreement (but not any other Lender not specified in Section 2.17, 2.18 or 2.19,
as applicable, of this Agreement), but shall not effect any amendments that would require the consent of each affected Lender or all Lenders pursuant to the first proviso in the first paragraph of Section 10.01. Any Additional Credit
Extension Amendment may include conditions for delivery of opinions of counsel and other customary documentation. The Third Amendment shall constitute an Additional Credit Extension Amendment for all purposes hereunder.

-2-

Additional Escrow Amount means an amount equal to (a) all interest that could accrue on any Escrow Debt from and including the date of issuance thereof to and including the date of any potential mandatory
redemption to occur if the proceeds of such Escrow Debt are not released from the applicable Escrow Account, plus (b) the amount of any original issue discount on such Escrow Debt, plus (c) all fees and expenses that are incurred in connection with
the issuance of such Escrow Debt and all fees, expenses or other amounts payable in connection with any redemption of such Escrow Debt.

Additional Term A Commitment means, with respect to each Additional Term A Lender, its commitment to make a Term A Loan on the Closing Date in the amount set forth opposite such Additional Term A Lenders name
in Schedule I.

Additional Term A Lender means the Persons identified as such on the signature pages to the Restatement Agreement.

Additional Term A-1 Commitment means, with respect to each Additional Term A-1 Lender, its commitment to make a Term A-1 Loan on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date in an amount equal to $174,534,807.76.

Additional Term A-1 Lender means the Persons identified as such on the signature pages to the Fifth Amendment.

Additional Term B-1 Commitment means, with respect to the Additional Term B-1 Lender, its commitment to make a Term B-1 Loan on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date in an amount equal to $69,870,961.78.

Additional Term B-1 Lender means the Person identified as such on the signature page to the Fourth Amendment.

Additional Term B-2 Commitment means, with respect to the Additional Term B-2 Lender, its commitment to make a Term B-2 Loan on the Sixth Amendment Effective Date in an amount equal to $307,021,258.61.

Additional Term B-2 Lender means the Person identified as such on the signature page to the Sixth Amendment.

Adjustment has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(f).

-3-

Administrative Agent means Bank of America (or any of its designated branch offices or affiliates) in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative
agent.

Administrative Agents Office means, with respect to any currency, the Administrative Agents address and, as
appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 with respect to such currency, or such other address or account with respect to such currency as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Company and the Lenders. Administrative
Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form of supplied by the Administrative Agent.

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution, or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

Agreed Credit Support Principles means the principles set forth on Schedule 1.01A.

Agreement has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.

A.L.T.A. has the meaning specified in Section 6.13(c)(ii).

Alternative Currency means each of Euro, Sterling, Australian Dollars, Canadian Dollars, and each additional currency (other than Dollars) that is approved in accordance with Section 1.06; provided
that each such additional currency is an Eligible Currency.

Alternative Currency Equivalent means, at any time, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the equivalent amount thereof in the applicable Alternative Currency as determined by the Administrative
Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate (determined in respect of the most recent Revaluation Date) for the purchase of such Alternative Currency with Dollars.

Alternative Currency Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of the Revolving Credit Facility and $600,000,000. The Alternative Currency Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit
Facility.

Anti-Corruption Laws means the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions.

-4-

Applicable Percentage means (a) in respect of the Term A-1 Facility, with respect to any Term A-1 Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Term A-1 Facility
represented by (i) on or prior to the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, such Term A-1 Lenders Term A-1 Commitment at such time and (ii) thereafter, the principal amount of such Term A-1 Lenders Term A-1 Loans at such time, (b) [reserved], (c) in
respect of the Term B-2 Facility, with respect to any Term B-2 Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Term B-2 Facility represented by (i) on or prior to the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, such Term B-2
Lenders Term B-2 Commitment at such time and (ii) thereafter, the principal amount of such Term B-2 Lenders Term B-2 Loans at such time, (d) in respect of the Term B-3
Facility, with respect to any Term B-3 Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Term B-3 Facility represented by (i) on or prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, such Term B-3 Lenders Term B-3
Commitment at such time and (ii) thereafter, the principal amount of such Term B-3 Lenders Term B-3 Loans at such time, (e) in respect of any other Term Facility, with respect to any Term Lender at any time, the percentage (carried
out to the ninth decimal place) of such Term Facility represented by the principal amount of such Term Lenders Term Loans under such Term Facility at such time and (ef) in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, with respect to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Revolving
Credit Facility represented by such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17. If the commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender to make Revolving Credit Loans and
the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, or if the Revolving Credit Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Revolving Credit Lender in respect of
the Revolving Credit Facility shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Revolving Credit Lender in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments. The initial
Applicable Percentage of each Lender in respect of each Facility is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable.

Applicable Rate means, with respect to any Base Rate Loan, Eurocurrency Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan, Daily Simple SOFR Loan or SONIA Rate Loan, or with respect to Letter of Credit Fees and Commitment Fees
payable hereunder:

(a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, (i) from the Fifth Amendment Effective Date to the date on which the Administrative Agent receives a Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section

6.02(b) for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2024, (x) 0.50% per annum, with respect to Base Rate Loans, (y) 1.50% per annum, with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans, Daily Simple SOFR Loans, SONIA Rate Loans and
Letter of Credit Fees and (z) 0.25% per annum, with respect to Commitment Fees, and (ii) thereafter, the following percentages per annum set forth below under the caption Base Rate Loans, Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans, Daily Simple
SOFR Loans, SONIA Rate Loans and Letters of Credit or Commitment Fee, as the case may be, based upon the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section
6.02(b):

-5-

Applicable Rate

Pricing

Level 

Consolidated Leverage Ratio 

Base Rate

Loans 

Eurocurrency

Rate Loans, Term

SOFR, Daily Simple

SOFR Loans,

SONIA Rate

Loans and

Letters of Credit 

Commitment Fee

1 

3.00 to 1.00 

0.50% 

1.50% 

0.25%

2 

> 3.00 to 1.00 and 3.50 to 1.00 

0.75% 

1.75% 

0.30%

3 

> 3.50 to 1.00 and 4.25 to 1.00 

1.00% 

2.00% 

0.375%

4 

> 4.25 to 1.00 

1.25% 

2.25% 

0.45%

(b) with respect to the Term A-1 Facility, (i) from the Closing Date to the date on which the Administrative Agent receives a Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.02(b) for
the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2024, (x) 0.50% per annum, with respect to Base Rate Loans and (y) 1.50% per annum, with respect to Term SOFR Loans and (ii) thereafter, the following percentages per annum set forth below under the caption
Base Rate Loans, or Term SOFR Loans, as the case may be, based upon the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(b):

Applicable Rate

Pricing

Level 

Consolidated Leverage Ratio 

Base Rate Loans 

Term SOFR Loans

1 

3.00 to 1.00 

0.50% 

1.50%

2 

> 3.00 to 1.00 and 3.50 to 1.00 

0.75% 

1.75%

3 

> 3.50 to 1.00 and 4.25 to 1.00 

1.00% 

2.00%

4 

> 4.25 to 1.00 

1.25% 

2.25%

(c) with respect to the Term B-2 Facility, (x) 0.75% per annum, with respect to Base Rate Loans and (y) 1.75% per annum, with respect to Term SOFR Loans;

(d)with respect to the Term
B-3 Facility, (x) 0.75% per annum, with respect to Base Rate Loans and (y) 1.75% per annum, with respect to Term SOFR Loans; and

-6-

(de) with respect to any Term Loans or
Revolving Credit Commitments established or extended pursuant to Section 2.17, 2.18 or 2.19, as specified in the Additional Credit Extension Amendment related thereto.

Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is
delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(b); provided, however, that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then Pricing Level 5 shall apply in respect of the Revolving Credit
Facility and Term A-1 Facility, in each case as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered and in each case shall remain in effect until the date on which such Compliance
Certificate is delivered.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, the determination of the Applicable Rate for any period shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.10(b).

Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage means with respect to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, such Revolving Credit Lenders Applicable Percentage in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility at such
time.

Applicable Time means, with respect to any borrowings and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative Currency as may be determined by the
Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment.

Applicant Borrower has the meaning specified in Section 2.14.

Appropriate Lender means, at any time, (a) with respect to any Facility, a Lender that has a Commitment with respect to such Facility or holds a Loan thereunder at such time, (b) with respect to the Letter of
Credit Sublimit, (i) the L/C Issuer and (ii) if any Letters of Credit have been issued pursuant to Section 2.03(a), the Revolving Credit Lenders and (c) with respect to the Swing Line Sublimit, (i) the Swing Line Lender and (ii) if any
Swing Line Loans are outstanding pursuant to Section 2.04(a), the Revolving Credit Lenders.

Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.

Assignee Group means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment advisor.

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b)), and
accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by Market Clear or other electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent.

-7-

Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any capital lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in
accordance with GAAP, (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with
GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a capital lease and (c) in respect of any Securitization Transaction or Permitted Factoring Transaction, the outstanding principal amount of such financing owed to Persons other than the Company and its
Subsidiaries and, in the case of any Securitization Transaction, other than to Permitted Securitization Entities.

Australian Dollar means lawful money of the Commonwealth of Australia.

Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii).

Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, (b) the date of termination of the Revolving
Credit Facility pursuant to Section 2.06, and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02.

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union,
the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009
(as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through
liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors.

Bank Regulated Subsidiary means (i) any Regulated Bank or (ii) any Subsidiary of a Regulated Bank all of the common stock of which is owned by such Regulated Bank.

-8-

Bank Regulated Subsidiary Event means (A) any regulatory or enforcement action, agreement, commitment or order, whether formal, informal or otherwise taken by the (i) FDIC or other applicable Federal
regulatory authority whether under Sections 8(a), (b), (c), (d) or (w), or Sections 38, 38A or 39 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDI Act) or the FDICs regulations, including Parts 325 or 364, or otherwise, (ii) the Bureau of
Consumer Financial Protection, or (iii) by the Utah Commissioner of Financial Institutions (the Utah Commissioner) under Sections 7-1-307, 7-1-313, 7-1-320, 7-1-322 or 7-2-1 et seq. of the Utah Code, or otherwise, or by any other
applicable state regulatory authority if any such action will or is reasonably likely to (a) limit or restrict the offering, renewal, use or sources of brokered, internet or bulletin board deposits, or any nondeposit funding of any Material Bank
Regulated Subsidiary, (b) limit or restrict the offering or issuance of credit cards or the extension of credit or other transactions thereunder by a Material Bank Regulated Subsidiary, (c) require higher minimum capital ratios for any Material
Bank Regulated Subsidiary above those required for banks and industrial loan companies generally to remain well capitalized for all regulatory purposes or (d) materially affect any Material Bank Regulated Subsidiarys conduct of its business or (B)
any breach or violation of any of any law, rule, order, agreement or commitment to the FDIC, the Utah Commissioner or other applicable regulatory authority, including any breach or violation of any of the items described in clause (A) of this
paragraph, which has or is reasonably likely to have any of the effects listed in clauses (a) through (d) above; and (C) any such event is continuing for three (3) Business Days.

Bank Term Funding Program means the bank term funding program created on March 12, 2023 by the Federal Reserve.

Base Ratemeans for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b)
the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate and (c) Term SOFR plus 1.00%;provided that if the Base Rate shall be less
than 1.00%, such rate shall be deemed 1.00% for purposes of this Agreement. The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of Americas costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other
factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified
in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without
reference to clause (c) above.

Base Rate Revolving Credit Loan means a Revolving Credit Loan that is a Base Rate Loan.

Base Rate Loan means a Revolving Credit Loan or a Term Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. Base Rate Loans are available only to the Company and to Designated Borrowers that are Domestic Loan
Parties, and only for Loans denominated in Dollars.

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include
(for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan.

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party.

-9-

Borrower and Borrowers each has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.

Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.

Borrowing means a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a Swing Line Borrowing or a Term Borrowing, as the context may require.

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agents
Office with respect to Obligations denominated in Dollars is located and:

(a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such
Eurocurrency Rate Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in Euro are conducted by and between banks in the
London interbank eurodollar market and a TARGET Day;

(b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a SONIA Rate Loan or a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in a currency other than Euro, means any such day on which dealings in
deposits in the relevant currency are conducted by and between banks in the London or other applicable offshore interbank market for such currency; and

(c) if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than Dollars or Euro in respect of a SONIA Rate Loan or Eurocurrency Rate Loan
denominated in a currency other than Euro, or any other dealings in any currency other than Dollars or Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such SONIA Rate Loan or Eurocurrency Rate Loan (other than any interest rate
settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency.

CAM Agreement means that certain Collection Allocation Mechanism Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2016, by and among the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as amended, restated, amended and restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, it being understood and agreed that no Loan Party shall be a party to such agreement or have any rights or obligations thereunder, nor shall the consent of any Loan Party be required with
respect to any aspect thereof.

Canadian Dollar and CAD means lawful money of Canada.

Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person for any period, any expenditure in respect of the purchase or other acquisition of any fixed or capital asset (excluding normal replacements and
maintenance which are properly charged to current operations).

-10-

Capitalized Software Expenditures means, for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities) by the Company and its Subsidiaries during such period in respect of
purchased software or internally developed software and software enhancements that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be reflected as capitalized costs on the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

Capped Call Transactions means one or more call options referencing the Companys Equity Interests purchased by the Company in connection with the issuance of Convertible Bond Indebtedness with a strike or
exercise price (howsoever defined) initially equal to the conversion price (howsoever defined) of the related Convertible Bond Indebtedness (subject to rounding) and limiting the amount deliverable to the Company upon exercise thereof based on a
cap or upper strike price (howsoever defined).

Cash Collateralize has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(g)(iv).

Cash Equivalents means, as to any Person, (a) securities issued, or directly, unconditionally and fully guaranteed or insured, by the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof having maturities of
not more than one year from the date of acquisition by such Person; (b) time deposits, certificates of deposit and bankers acceptances of any Lender or any commercial bank, or which is the principal banking subsidiary of a bank holding company, in
each case, organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia having, capital and surplus aggregating in excess of $500 million with maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition by such
Person; (c) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 30 days for underlying securities of the types described in clause (a) above entered into with any bank meeting the qualifications specified in clause (b) above, which repurchase
obligations are secured by a valid perfected security interest in the underlying securities; (d) commercial paper and variable or fixed rate notes issued by any Person incorporated in the United States rated at least A-2 or the equivalent thereof
by S&P or at least P-2 or the equivalent thereof by Moodys and in each case maturing not more than twenty-four months after the date of acquisition by such Person; (e) direct obligations issued by any state of the United States or any
political subdivision thereof having one of the two highest rating categories obtainable from either S&P or Moodys with maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition thereof; (f) demand deposit accounts maintained in the
ordinary course of business; (g) investments in money market funds (i) substantially all of whose assets are comprised of securities of the types described in clauses (a) through (f) above, (ii) are rated AAA by S&P and Aaa by Moodys and (iii)
have portfolio assets of at least $500,000,000.

Cash Management Agreement means any agreement to provide cash management services, including treasury, depository, overdraft, credit or debit card, electronic funds transfer and other cash management
arrangements.

Cash Management Bank means any Person that, at the time it enters into a Cash Management Agreement (or, with respect to Cash Management Agreements outstanding on the Closing Date, on the Closing Date), is a
Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, in its capacity as a party to such Cash Management Agreement, but only for so long as such Person is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender.

Casualty Event means any event that gives rise to the receipt by the Company or any Subsidiary of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of any equipment, fixed assets or real property
(including any improvements thereon) to replace or repair such equipment, fixed assets or real property.

-11-

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or
treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any
Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection
therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities,
in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.

Change of Control means an event or series of events by which:

(a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its
subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option

right)), directly or indirectly, of 35% or more of the equity securities of the Company entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Company on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all
such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right);

(b) [reserved]; or

(c) any change of control or similar event, however characterized, shall occur under any document governing any Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary having a principal amount
equal to or greater than the Threshold Amount if, as a consequence of such change of control or similar event, the holders of such Indebtedness have the right whether or not exercised, to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to redeem, prepay,
repurchase or make any other payment in respect of such Indebtedness.

Citizens has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.

-12-

Class when used in reference to (a) any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Term A-1 Loans, Term B-2 Loans, Term B-3 Loans, Incremental Term Loans, Refinancing Term Loans, Extended Term Loans, Revolving Credit Loans, Incremental Revolving Credit Loans, Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans or Extended
Revolving Credit Loans, (b) any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Term A-1 Commitment, Term B-2 Commitment, Term B-3 Commitment, Incremental
Term Loan Commitment, Revolving Credit Commitment, Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment, Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitment or Extended Revolving Credit Commitment, (c) any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment with
respect to a particular Class of Loans or Commitments. Incremental Term Loans, Refinancing Term Loans, Extended Term Loans, Incremental Revolving Credit Loans, Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans, Extended Revolving Credit Loans, Incremental Term
Loan Commitments, Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments that have different terms and conditions shall be construed to be in different Classes. For the avoidance
of doubt, all Term A-1 Loans shall be considered part of a single Class and, all Term B-2 Loans shall
be considered part of a single Class and all Term B-3 Loans shall be considered part of a single Class.

Closing Date means April 1, 2021.

Closing Date Refinancing has the meaning provided in the recitals to this Agreement.

CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

Collateral means all of the Collateral and Mortgaged Property or other similar term referred to in the Collateral Documents and all of the other property that is subject to Liens (or with
respect to which Liens are purported to be granted pursuant to the Collateral Documents) in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties (subject to all exclusions and limitations therein).

Collateral Documents means, collectively, (i) the U.S. Security Agreement, the U.S. IP Security Agreements, the Foreign Subsidiary Pledge Documents (including the WES Stock Pledge Documents) and each
supplement thereto, (ii) each of the Mortgages, collateral assignments, supplements, pledge agreements or other similar agreements delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.13 and Section 6.15 and (iii) each of the
other agreements, instruments or documents that creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

Commitment means a Term A-1 Commitment, a Term B-2 Commitment, a Term B-3 Commitment, a Revolving Credit Commitment or any
other commitment to extend credit established pursuant to an Additional Credit Extension Amendment, as the context may require.

Commitment Fee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a).

Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

Company has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.

Company Guaranty means the Company Guaranty dated as of July 1, 2016 made by the Company in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders.

-13-

Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D.

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, Consolidated Net Income after eliminating extraordinary gains and losses, and unusual items, (a) plus, without duplication (and to the extent deducted in calculating
such Consolidated Net Income), (i) income tax expense, (ii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iii) Consolidated Interest Charges, (iv) other non-cash charges, (v) non-recurring charges or expenses incurred as transaction costs in connection
with Permitted Acquisitions, other Investments permitted hereunder or Dispositions (in each case, whether or not consummated), (vi) any charges or expenses related to any incurrence or of Indebtedness (whether or not consummated), including in
connection with the transactions hereunder on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, (vii) [reserved]non-recurring
charges or expenses incurred as transaction costs in connection with the 2025 Share Repurchase (whether or not consummated), (viii) the amount that the Company in good faith reasonably believes would have been realized or achieved as
a contribution to Consolidated EBITDA as a result of contractual rebate terms in effect following any Material Acquisition as if such rebate terms had been in effect at all times during the relevant period, (ix) revenues (net of associated
expenses), on a run rate basis, projected to be realizable in future periods of comparable length, attributable to new customers and new contracts projected by the Company in good faith to be attributed to such customers and contracts in
connection with any Material Acquisition during the applicable period (without duplication of any actual revenues relating to such customers and contracts) (it being understood that such run rate revenues shall be (x) set forth in reasonable
detail in a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Company delivered to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the relevant date of determination which certifies that such revenues have been projected by the Company in good faith based on and
derived from financial information delivered to the Administrative Agent on or prior to such Material Acquisition and (y) added to Consolidated EBITDA for only the periods ending on or prior to the last day of the eighth (8th) full fiscal quarter
immediately following such Material Acquisition), and (x) (A) any charge, fee, expense, cost, accrual or reserve of any kind (collectively, Charges) incurred during such period and attributable to, or (B) the amount of any run rate cost
savings, expense reductions, other operating changes, improvements, optimizations, actions and initiatives, synergies (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt for purposes of this clause (B), revenue synergies, projected increases in revenues or
other revenue enhancements) (collectively, Expected Cost Savings) projected by the Company to result from action either taken or expected to be taken in connection with, and within 18 months following: (X) any Investment, acquisition
(including the commencement of activities constituting a business) or disposition (including the termination or discontinuance of activities constituting a business) and/or (Y) any operational change, expanded operations, improvement, optimization,
actions or initiative (including, to the extent applicable, in connection with retention, severance, consolidation, or any tax or other restructuring); provided, that Expected Cost Savings will be added to Consolidated EBITDA as so projected until
fully realized and calculated on a pro forma basis as though such Expected Cost Savings had been realized (or commenced, acquired or created, as applicable) on the first day of such period, net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such
period from such actions; provided, further that, the aggregate amount of adjustments to Consolidated EBITDA permitted to be made for any period in respect of Expected Cost Savings shall not exceed 25% of Consolidated EBITDA for such period
(calculated prior to giving effect to the Expected Cost Savings adjustments contemplated in this clause (x)), and (b) minus, without duplication, any non-recurring cash income or gain to the extent included in the computation of Consolidated Net
Income for such period; provided that for purposes of determining Consolidated EBITDA any unrealized non-cash gains (and losses) arising in connection with any Swap Contracts shall be subtracted (or added) to the extent such unrealized
non-cash gains (or losses) were included in the computation of Consolidated Net Income; provided that, if any Subsidiary is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, Consolidated EBITDA shall be reduced (to the extent not otherwise reduced in
accordance with GAAP) by an amount equal to (A) the amount of the Consolidated Net Income attributable to such Subsidiary multiplied by (B) the percentage of common Equity Interests of such Subsidiary not owned on the last day of such period by the
Company or any of its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries.

-14-

In addition to, and without limitation of, the foregoing, for purposes of this definition, Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated on each date of determination on a Pro Forma Basis, including to give effect to any
Consolidated EBITDA attributable to any Material Acquisition or Material Disposition during the applicable period, as if such Material Acquisition or Material Disposition occurred on the first day of the applicable period. As used in this
definition, Material Acquisition means any Acquisition that involves the payment of consideration by the Company and its Subsidiaries in excess of $10,000,000; and Material Disposition means any Disposition of property or series
of related Dispositions of property that yields gross proceeds to the Company and its Subsidiaries in excess of $10,000,000.

Consolidated Funded Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, but without duplication, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount
of all obligations, whether current or long-term, for borrowed money (including Obligations hereunder in respect of borrowed money) and all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments, (b) all
purchase money Indebtedness, (c) all direct obligations arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments, but only to the extent includable as a
liability on the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of such date, (d) all obligations in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services to the extent constituting Indebtedness (other than trade
accounts payable in the ordinary course of business), (e) Attributable Indebtedness in respect of capital leases, Synthetic Lease Obligations, Securitization Transactions and Permitted Factoring Transactions, (f) all obligations of such Person in
respect of Disqualified Stock, (g) without duplication, all Guarantees with respect to outstanding Indebtedness of the types specified in clauses (a) through (f) above of Persons other than the Company or any Subsidiary, and (h) all Indebtedness of
the types referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which the Company or a Subsidiary is a general partner or joint
venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to the Company or such Subsidiary. For the purposes of this definition, Consolidated Funded Indebtedness shall not include Operating Indebtedness.

Consolidated Interest Charges means, for any period, the sum, for the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (determined in accordance with GAAP), of all interest in respect of Consolidated Funded
Indebtedness (including, without limitation, the interest component of any payments in respect of capital lease obligations, but excluding (a) commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges (and any interest expense) incurred in
connection with any Permitted Securitization Transaction and (b) any capitalized financing costs) accrued during such period (whether or not actually paid during such period).

-15-

Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any Test Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period to (b) Consolidated Interest Charges for such Test Period; provided
that for purposes of this definition Consolidated Interest Charges shall not include any Operating Interest Expense.

Consolidated Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a)(i) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness as of such date, less (ii) the amount (not to exceed $400,000,000 in the
aggregate) of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness constituting Indebtedness under Permitted Securitization Transactions, and less the amount of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness constituting the non-recourse portion of any Permitted Factoring
Transactions less (iii) the aggregate amount up to $500,000,000 of unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents denominated in Dollars or other lawful currencies (provided
that such other currencies are readily convertible to, and deliverable in, Dollars and as to which a Dollar Equivalent may be readily calculated) held by the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than the Bank Regulated Subsidiaries) as of such
date) to(b) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period most recently ended.

Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the net income (loss) of the Company and its Subsidiaries for that period, determined on a
consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Net Worth means, as of any date of determination, all items which in conformity with GAAP would be included under shareholders equity on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its
Subsidiaries at such date.

Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a)(i) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on any assets of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries as of such date, less (ii) the amount (not to exceed $400,000,000 in the aggregate) of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness constituting Indebtedness under Permitted Securitization Transactions, and less the amount of Consolidated
Funded Indebtedness constituting the non-recourse portion of any Permitted Factoring Transactions less (iii) the aggregate amount (not to exceed $500,000,000 in the aggregate) of unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents denominated in Dollars or other lawful currencies (provided that such other currencies are readily convertible to, and deliverable in, Dollars and as to which a Dollar
Equivalent may be readily calculated) held by the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than the Bank Regulated Subsidiaries) as of such date to(b) Consolidated
EBITDA for the Test Period most recently ended.

Consolidated Total Assets means, as of any date of determination, the total assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

Contract Consideration has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(iii).

-16-

Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of
its property is bound.

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract
or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto.

Converted Term A Loan means each Term A Loan held by a Converting Consenting Term A Lender on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date immediately prior to the deemed funding of the corresponding Term A-1 Loan on
such date.

Converted Term B Loan means each Term B Loan held by a Converting Consenting Term B Lender on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date immediately prior to the deemed funding of the corresponding Term B-1 Loan on
such date.

Converted Term B-1 Loan means each Term B-1 Loan held by a Converting Consenting Term B-1 Lender on the Sixth Amendment Effective Date immediately prior to the deemed funding of the corresponding Term B-2 Loan
on such date.

Convertible Bond Hedge Transactions means one or more call options referencing the Companys Equity Interests purchased by the Company in connection with the issuance of Convertible Bond Indebtedness with a
strike or exercise price (howsoever defined) initially equal to the conversion or exchange price (howsoever defined) of the related Convertible Bond Indebtedness (subject to rounding).

Convertible Bond Indebtedness means Indebtedness having a feature which entitles the holder thereof to convert or exchange all or a portion of such Indebtedness into Equity Interests of the Company (and cash
in lieu of fractional Equity Interests) and/or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of Equity Interests of the Company), including the Convertible Notes.

Convertible Notes means the Companys convertible unsecured notes due on July 15, 2027.

Converting Consenting Term A Lender means a Term A Lender that has elected to be a Converting Consenting Term A Lender on its signature page to the Fifth Amendment.

Converting Consenting Term A-3 Lender means a Term A Lender that has elected to be a Converting Consenting Term A-3 Lender on its signature page to the Restatement Agreement.

Converting Consenting Term B Lender means a Term B Lender that has elected to be a Converting Consenting Term B Lender on its signature page to the Fourth Amendment.

Converting Consenting Term B-1 Lender means a Term B-1 Lender that has elected to be a Converting Consenting Term B-1 Lender on its signature page to the Sixth Amendment.

CORRA means the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average administered and published by the Bank of Canada (or any successor administrator).

-17-

Corresponding Debt has the meaning specified in Section 10.23(b).

Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and
interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 10.28.

Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness means Indebtedness issued, incurred or otherwise obtained (including by means of the extension or renewal of existing Indebtedness) in exchange for, or to extend,
renew, replace or refinance, in whole or part, existing Term Loans, or Revolving Credit Loans (or unused Revolving Credit Commitments), (Refinanced Debt); provided that such exchanging, extending, renewing, replacing or refinancing
Indebtedness (a) is in an original aggregate principal amount not greater than the aggregate principal amount of the Refinanced Debt (plus any premium, original issue discount, accrued interest and fees and expenses incurred in connection with such
exchange, extension, renewal, replacement or refinancing), (b) does not mature earlier than or have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity shorter than, the Refinanced Debt, (c) shall not be incurred or guaranteed by any entity that is not a Loan
Party, (d) in the case of any secured Indebtedness (i) is not secured by any assets not securing the Obligations (other than cash collateral required to be provided due to a defaulting lender) and (ii) is subject to a customary intercreditor
agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Company, (e) shall not contain any mandatory redemption or prepayment provisions (other than amortization provisions and other than the mandatory prepayment
provisions as set forth in Section 2.05 (solely with respect to any Indebtedness secured by the Collateral on a paripassu basis with the Facilities) or
other customary asset sale and change of control offers or events of default) that could result in prepayments of such Indebtedness prior to the Maturity Date of the applicable Refinanced Debt and (f) has terms (excluding pricing, interest rate
margins, rate floors, discounts, fees, premiums and prepayment or redemption provisions) that are not materially more favorable (when taken as a whole) to the lenders or investors providing such Indebtedness than the terms of the Refinanced Debt
except for covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the latest Maturity Date or earlier
repayment in full of the Term B-2 Loans; provided that such Indebtedness may contain additional or more restrictive financial covenants than the Refinanced Debt so long as such covenants are added for the benefit of the
Lenders hereunder.

Credit Extension means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension.

Daily Simple SOFR means the rate per annum equal to SOFR determined for any day pursuant to the definition thereof; provided that if Daily Simple SOFR would otherwise be less than
zero, Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice.

Daily Simple SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple SOFR.

-18-

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, dissolution, administration, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for
the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, winding up, reorganization (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise), or similar debtor relief Laws
of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.

Declined Proceeds has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(v).

Deductible Amount has the meaning specified in Section 10.23(d).

Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default.

Default Rate means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate
Loans plus (iii) 2% per annum; provided, however, that with respect to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan, SONIA Rate Loan or Daily Simple SOFR Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest
rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2% per annum, and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate plus 2% per annum.

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.15(b), any Lender that, as determined by the Administrative Agent, (a) has failed to (i) perform any of its funding obligations hereunder, including in
respect of its Loans or participations in respect of Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded by it hereunder (unless such obligation is the subject of a good faith dispute) or (ii) pay to
the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans) within two Business Days
of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Lender that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to its funding obligations
hereunder or under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, to confirm in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that it will comply with
its funding obligations (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or
indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or
liquidation of its business or a custodian appointed for it, (iii) taken any action in furtherance of, or indicated its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment, or (iv) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided
that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority.

-19-

Designated Borrower means (i) WEX International Holdings, (ii) certain Subsidiaries of the Company becoming party hereto pursuant to Section 2.14 and, (iii) only upon the satisfaction of the conditions
set forth in Section 4.03, the Specified Designated Borrower.

Designated Borrower Notice has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a).

Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a).

Designated Borrower Requirements has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a).

Designated Borrower Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (x) the Revolving Credit Facility and (y) the greater of (i) $930,000,000 and (ii) such other amount as agreed to by the Required Revolving
Credit Lenders. The Designated Borrower Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Facility.

Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any Sanction.

Designated Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16.

Designated Obligations means all Obligations of any Loan Party in respect of principal and interest on the Loans, and L/C Obligations.

Designated Regulatory Cash means cash deposited from time to time into one or more segregated bank accounts of the Company and its Subsidiaries (identified to the Administrative Agent in writing) that is
required to be retained in order to comply with applicable banking or finance law and regulations.

Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment,
transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith and including any disposition of property to a Divided LLC pursuant to an LLC Division.

-20-

Disqualified Stock means any Equity Interest which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable, either mandatorily or at the option of the holder
thereof), or upon the happening of any event or condition, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Equity Interests in such Person that
do not constitute Disqualified Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (b) is convertible into or exchangeable (either mandatorily or at the sole option of the
holder thereof) for (i) Indebtedness or debt securities or (ii) any Equity Interests referred to in (a) above (other than solely for Equity Interests in such Person that do not constitute Disqualified Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares of
such Equity Interests), or (c) is redeemable (other than solely for Equity Interests in such Person that do not constitute Disqualified Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests) or is required to be repurchased by such
Person or any of its Affiliates, in whole or in part, at the sole option of the holder thereof; in each case, on or prior to the date ninety-one (91) days after the latest Maturity Date hereunder, providedhowever that (i) any Equity
Interests that would not constitute Disqualified Stock but for provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Equity Interests is convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the
issuer thereof to redeem or purchase such Equity Interests upon the occurrence of a change in control or an asset sale or similar event shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the issuer
thereof (or any direct or indirect parent company thereof) or any of its subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations of such Person or if such Equity Interests provide that the issuer thereof will not redeem any
such Equity Interests pursuant to such provisions prior to the repayment in full of the Obligations, (ii) any Equity Interests issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Company or any Subsidiary or by any such plan
to such employees shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because they may be required to be repurchased by the Company or such Subsidiary in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employees
termination, death or disability and (iii) any class of Equity Interests of such Person that by its terms authorizes such person to satisfy its obligations thereunder by delivery of Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Stock shall not be
deemed to be Disqualified Stock.

Disqualifying Event has the meaning specified in the definition of Eligible Currency.

Divided LLC means any limited liability company which has been formed upon the consummation of an LLC Division.

Dollar and $ mean lawful money of the United States.

Dollar Equivalent means, at any time, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, such amount, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in any Alternative Currency, the equivalent amount
thereof in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate (determined in respect of the most recent Revaluation Date) for the purchase of Dollars with such
Alternative Currency.

Domestic Loan Party means the Company and each Domestic Subsidiary that is a Loan Party.

Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.

Domestic Subsidiary Guaranty means the Domestic Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of July 1, 2016 made by the Domestic Subsidiary Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent and the other parties benefitting
thereunder.

Domestic Subsidiary Guarantors means each Person (other than the Company) that is from time to time a party (but only for so long as they are a party) to the Domestic Subsidiary Guaranty.

-21-

Dutch Auction means an auction with respect to Term Loans conducted pursuant to Section 10.06(i) to allow a Purchasing Borrower Party to prepay Term Loans at a discount to par value on a pro rata basis
in accordance with the applicable Dutch Auction Procedures.

Dutch Auction Procedures means, with respect to a purchase of Term Loans in a Dutch Auction, Dutch auction procedures as reasonably agreed upon by the applicable Purchasing Borrower Party and the
Administrative Agent.

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b)
any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described
in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having
responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06 (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii)).

Eligible Currency means any lawful currency other than Dollars that is readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars in the international interbank market available to the Lenders in such
market and as to which a Dollar Equivalent may be readily calculated. If, after the designation by the Lenders of any currency as an Alternative Currency, any change in currency controls or exchange regulations or any change in the national or
international financial, political or economic conditions are imposed in the country in which such currency is issued, result in, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent (in the case of any Loans to be denominated in an Alternative
Currency) or the L/C Issuer (in the case of any Letter of Credit to be denominated in an Alternative Currency), (a) such currency no longer being readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars, (b) a Dollar Equivalent is no
longer readily calculable with respect to such currency, or (c) providing such currency is impracticable for the Lenders (each of (a), (b) and (c) a Disqualifying Event), then the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and
the Borrower, and such countrys currency shall no longer be an Alternative Currency until such time as the Disqualifying Event(s) no longer exist. Within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent, the
Borrowers shall repay all Loans in such currency to which the Disqualifying Event applies or convert such Loans into the Dollar Equivalent of Loans in Dollars, subject to the other terms contained herein.

-22-

EMU means the economic and monetary union in accordance with the Treaty of Rome 1957, as amended by the Single European Act 1986, the Maastricht Treaty of 1992 and the Amsterdam Treaty of 1998.

EMU Legislation means the legislative measures of the European Council for the introduction of, changeover to or operation of a single or unified European currency.

Environmental Laws means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, or
governmental restrictions, and all agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental Authority, in each case relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment,
including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems.

Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Company, any other Loan
Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials,
(c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with
respect to any of the foregoing.

Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase
or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein),
whether voting or nonvoting, but excluding any Convertible Bond Indebtedness unless and until actually converted or exchanged into such capital stock and Capped Call Transactions, Convertible Bond Hedge Transactions and Warrant Transactions entered
into as a part of, or in connection with, an issuance of such Convertible Bond Indebtedness.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Company or any Borrower, as applicable, within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and
Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code).

-23-

ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) the withdrawal of a Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which
such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by a Borrower or any ERISA
Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA;
(e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan; (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan;
(g) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; or (h) the imposition of any
liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon a Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate.

Escrow Account means a deposit or securities account at a financial institution into which any Escrow Funds are deposited.

Escrow Debt means any Indebtedness of an Escrow Subsidiary (which may not be guaranteed or receive credit support from any Person other than an Escrow Subsidiary); provided that the net proceeds of
such Indebtedness are deposited into an Escrow Account upon the issuance thereof.

Escrow Funds means the sum of (a) the net proceeds of any Escrow Debt, plus (b) the related Additional Escrow Amount, plus (c) so long as they are retained in an Escrow Account, any income, proceeds or
products of the foregoing.

Escrow Release Effective Time has the meaning specified in the definition of the term Escrow Subsidiary.

Escrow Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that (a) shall have been identified to the Administrative Agent promptly following its formation (and in any event prior to its incurrence of any
Indebtedness) and (b) at no time shall contain any assets or liabilities other than any Escrow Debt, any Escrow Funds, any Escrow Accounts and such Subsidiarys rights and obligations under any documents related to the Escrow Debt. Until such time
as the proceeds of such Escrow Debt have been released from escrow in accordance with the applicable escrow arrangements (the Escrow Release Effective Time), each relevant Escrow Subsidiary shall be deemed not to be a Subsidiary for any
purpose of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; provided that as of and after the Escrow Release Effective Time, each relevant Escrow Subsidiary shall cease to be an Escrow Subsidiary and shall be a Subsidiary for all purposes of
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any such Escrow Debt shall be required to be permitted pursuant to Section 7.03 and any Liens securing such Escrow Debt shall be required to be permitted pursuant to Section 7.01.

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time.

EURIBOR has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate.

EURIBOR Rate has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate.

Euro and EUR mean the lawful currency of the Participating Member States introduced in accordance with the EMU Legislation.

-24-

Eurocurrency Rate means:

(a) With respect to any Credit Extension:

(i) [reserved];

(ii) denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), or a comparable or successor rate, which rate is approved by the Administrative
Agent in consultation with the applicable Borrower, as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) (in
such case, the EURIBOR Rate) at or about 11:00 a.m., Brussels, Belgium time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for deposits in Euro (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term
equivalent to such Interest Period;

(iii) denominated in Canadian dollars, the rate per annum equal to the rate per annum equal to the forward-looking term rate based on CORRA (Term CORRA, as published on the applicable
Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) (in such case, the Term CORRA Rate) that is two (2) Business Days prior to the
Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period for such Interest Period;

(iv) denominated in Australian dollars, the rate per annum equal to the average bid rate quoted on page BBSY, as displayed on Reuters at or about 10:30 a.m. (Sydney, Australia time) on the
Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period;

provided that if the Eurocurrency Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement.

Eurocurrency Rate Loan means a Revolving Credit Loan that bears interest at a rate based on paragraph (a) of the definition of Eurocurrency Rate. Eurocurrency Rate Loans must be denominated in an
Alternative Currency. All Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency or made to a Foreign Borrower must be Eurocurrency Rate Loans.

Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01.

Excess Cash Flow means, for any fiscal year of the Company, the excess, if any, of:

(a) the sum, without duplication, of:

(i) Consolidated Net Income for such fiscal year;

-25-

(ii) the amount of all non-cash charges (including depreciation and amortization expense) deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income; and

(iii) the aggregate net amount of non-cash losses on the Disposition of property by the Company and its Subsidiaries during such fiscal year (other than Dispositions in the ordinary course of
business), to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income minus

(b) the sum, without duplication, of:

(i) the amount of all non-cash credits included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income;

(ii) [reserved];

(iii) (x) the aggregate amount of all principal payments of Indebtedness (including scheduled repayments of the Term Loans and the principal component of payments in respect of capital
leases) and (y) all mandatory prepayments of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i) to the extent required due to a Disposition that resulted in an increase to Consolidated Net Income and not in excess of the amount of such increase, but
excluding all other repayments of Term Loans made during such period, in each case, other than in respect of any revolving credit facility except to the extent there is an equivalent permanent reduction in commitments thereunder, in each case, of
the Company and its Subsidiaries made during such fiscal year;

(iv) the aggregate net amount of non-cash gain on the Disposition of property by the Company and its Subsidiaries during such fiscal year (other than Dispositions in the ordinary course of
business);

(v) [reserved];

(vi) customary fees, expenses or charges paid in cash related to the issuance, payment, amendment or refinancing of Indebtedness permitted hereunder, the issuance of Equity Interests
permitted hereunder and Dispositions permitted hereunder;

(vii) any premium, make-whole or penalty payments paid in cash during such period in connection with the prepayment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or other satisfaction prior to scheduled
maturity of Indebtedness permitted to be prepaid, redeemed, purchased, defeased or satisfied hereunder;

(viii) cash payments by the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries during such fiscal year in respect of long-term liabilities of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries other than
Indebtedness, to the extent such payments are not expensed during such period and are not deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income;

-26-

(ix) at the option of the Company, and without duplication of amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow in prior periods, to the extent set forth in a certificate of a Responsible Officer
delivered to the Administrative Agent at or before the time the Compliance Certificate for the period ending simultaneously with such Test Period is required to be delivered, the aggregate amount of cash that is reasonably expected to be paid in
respect of planned cash expenditures by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the Planned Expenditures) relating to Capital Expenditures (including Capitalized Software Expenditures or other purchases of intellectual property) to be
consummated or made during the subsequent fiscal year; provided, that to the extent the aggregate amount of Internally Generated Cash actually utilized to finance such Permitted Acquisitions, Investments or Capital Expenditures during such
fiscal year is less than the Planned Expenditures, the amount of such shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow at the end of such fiscal year; and

(x) the amount of taxes (including penalties and interest) paid in cash and/or tax reserves set aside or payable (without duplication) in such period to the extent they exceed the amount of
tax expense deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period.

provided that the amounts referenced in clauses (ii), (iii), (v) and (viii) of this paragraph (b) shall only be included in this paragraph (b) and have the effect of reducing Excess Cash Flow to the extent (x) in the case of clauses (ii)
and (v), such amounts were funded with Internally Generated Cash and (y) in the case of clauses (iii) and (viii), such amounts were not funded with the proceeds of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred under the Revolving Credit Facility)
or Equity Interests.

Excess Cash Flow Percentage means, as of the date of determination, (a) if the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the applicable fiscal year of the Company is greater than or equal to
3.75:1.00, 50%, (b) if the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the applicable fiscal year of the Company is less than 3.75:1.00 but greater than or equal to 3.25:1.00, 25% and (c) if the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day
of the applicable fiscal year of the Company is less than 3.25:1.00, 0%.

Excluded Domestic Guaranty Subsidiary means (a) any Bank Regulated Subsidiary and any of their respective Subsidiaries, (b) any Immaterial Subsidiary, (c) each Permitted Securitization Entity and (d) any
Domestic Subsidiary to the extent that the execution and delivery of the Subsidiary Guaranty would not be legally permissible or would require any governmental or regulatory consent, approval, license or authorization (unless such consent,
approval, license or authorization has been obtained), or would otherwise result in a burden that would, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, exceed the benefit that would be conferred upon the Lenders thereby; provided
that no Subsidiary may be an Excluded Domestic Guaranty Subsidiary if such Subsidiary Guarantees or is otherwise obligated to pay any Indebtedness incurred or outstanding in reliance on Section 7.03(k) or (o).

-27-

Excluded Foreign Guaranty Subsidiary means (a) any Bank Regulated Subsidiary and any of their respective Subsidiaries, (b) any Immaterial Subsidiary, (c) each Permitted Securitization Entity, and (d) any
Foreign Subsidiary to the extent, in the case of this subsection (d) only, that the execution and delivery of the Subsidiary Guaranty (i) would not be legally permissible or would require any governmental or regulatory consent, approval, license or
authorization (unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been obtained), (ii) would result in adverse tax or accounting effects, (iii) should, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, not be required by reason of
the Agreed Credit Support Principles or (iv) would otherwise result in a burden that would, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, exceed the benefit that would be conferred upon the Lenders thereby; provided that no
Subsidiary may be an Excluded Foreign Guaranty Subsidiary if such Subsidiary Guarantees or is otherwise obligated to pay any Indebtedness incurred or outstanding in reliance on Section 7.03(k) or (o).

Excluded Pledge Subsidiary means (1) each Permitted Securitization Entity and (2) each Foreign Subsidiary that (a) is not directly owned by a Domestic Loan Party, (b) is an Immaterial Subsidiary, (c) is a Bank
Regulated Subsidiary or a Subsidiary thereof, or (d) is a Person to the extent, in the case of this clause (d) only, that the pledge of up to 65% of each class of the Equity Interests of such Person (i) would not be legally permissible or would
require any governmental or regulatory consent, approval, license or authorization (unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been obtained), (ii) would result in adverse tax or accounting effects, (iii) would result in a burden
that would, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, exceed the benefit that would be conferred by the pledge of the Equity Interests of such Person or (iv) should, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, not be
required by reason of the Agreed Credit Support Principles.

Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guaranty of such Loan Party of, or the grant by such Loan Party of a Lien
to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation thereof)
by virtue of such Loan Partys failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to any keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of such
Loan Party and any and all guarantees of such Loan Partys Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties) at the time the Guaranty of such Loan Party, or grant by such Loan Party of a Lien, becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a
Swap Obligation arises under a Master Agreement governing more than one Swap Contract, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swap Contracts for which such Guaranty or Lien is or becomes
excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition.

-28-

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income
(however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located
in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with
respect to an applicable interest in a Commitment (or, in the case of a Loan not funded pursuant to a prior Commitment, an applicable interest in such Loan) to a U.S. Borrower pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender
acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Company under Section 10.13) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section
3.01(a)(ii) or (c), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in such Loan or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it
changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
definition, Excluded Taxes shall not include any withholding tax (other than Other Connection Taxes) imposed at any time on payments made by or on behalf of a Foreign Loan Party to any Lender hereunder or under any other Loan Document, except for
any such taxes imposed as a result of a Lenders failure or inability to comply with Section 3.01(e)(i), (iii) or (iv). In such a case, any portion of withholding tax imposed solely due to a Lenders failure or inability to comply
with Section 3.01(e)(i), (iii) or (iv) shall be treated as an Excluded Tax.

Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning provided in the recitals to this Agreement.

Existing Credit Agreement Revolving Credit Commitments means the Revolving Credit Commitments of the applicable Revolving Credit Lenders under, and each as defined in, the Existing Credit Agreement on the
Closing Date.

Existing Credit Agreement Revolving Credit Loans means the Revolving Credit Loans under, and as defined in, the Existing Credit Agreement on the Closing Date.

Existing Letters of Credit means those certain letters of credit set forth on Schedule 1.01B.

Existing Term A Loans means the Term A-3 Loans outstanding under, and as defined in, the Existing Credit Agreement immediately prior to the Closing Date.

Existing Term B Loans means the Term B-3 Loans outstanding under, and as defined in, the Existing Credit Agreement immediately prior to the Closing Date.

Existing Term Loans means the Existing Term A-3 Loans and the Existing Term B-3 
Loans.

Extended Revolving Credit Commitment means any Revolving Credit Commitments the maturity of which shall have been extended pursuant to Section 2.19.

Extended Revolving Credit Loans means any Revolving Credit Loans made pursuant to the Extended Revolving Credit Commitments.

Extended Term Loans means any Term Loans the maturity of which shall have been extended pursuant to Section 2.19.

Extension has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(a).

Extension Offer has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(a).

-29-

Facility means the Term A-1 Facility, the Term B-2 Facility, the Term B-3 Facility, the Revolving Credit Facility or any
credit facility created pursuant to an Additional Credit Extension Amendment, as the context may require.

Factorable Receivables means accounts receivable of the Company and its Subsidiaries that (a) are produced in the ordinary course of business and (b) are not contingent upon any further performance by the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any
current or future regulations or official administrative interpretations thereof, any similar provision of law applicable under an intergovernmental agreement entered into in respect thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to such
intergovernmental agreement or Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version described above), and any intergovernmental agreements implementing the foregoing.

FDIC means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such
manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided
that if the Federal Funds Rate would otherwise be less than 0% per annum, the Federal Funds Rate will be deemed to be 0% per annum for purposes of this Agreement.

Federal Reservemeans the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States, together with its constituent banks and agencies.

FHLB Financing has the meaning set forth in the definition of Operation Indebtedness.

Fifth Amendment means that certain Fifth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and First Amendment to U.S. Security Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2024, by and among the Borrowers, the other
Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent.

Fifth Amendment Consenting Term A Lenders means the Converting Consenting Term A Lenders.

Fifth Amendment Effective Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fifth Amendment.

Fifth Amendment Joint Lead Arrangers has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fifth Amendment.

Financial Covenant has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(b).

-30-

First Amendment means that certain First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 24 2023, by and among the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto.

Flood Insurance Laws means, collectively, (i) National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which comprehensively revised the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973)
as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (iii) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or
hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto.

Foreign Borrower means any Borrower that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the Unites States, a state thereof or the District of Columbia.

Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person.

Foreign Loan Party means each Foreign Subsidiary that is a Loan Party.

Foreign Obligation Provider has the meaning set forth in the definition of Foreign Subsidiary Secured Obligations.

Foreign Obligations means all of the Obligations of each Foreign Loan Party, including without limitation the Foreign Subsidiary Secured Obligations.

Foreign Pension Plan means a registered pension plan which is subject to applicable pension legislation other than ERISA or the Code, which the Company or any Subsidiary sponsors or maintains, or to which it
makes or is obligated to make contributions.

Foreign Plan means each Foreign Pension Plan, deferred compensation or other retirement or superannuation plan, fund, program, agreement, commitment or arrangement whether oral or written, funded or unfunded,
sponsored, established, maintained or contributed to, or required to be contributed to, or with respect to which any liability is borne, outside the United States of America, by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than any such plan,
fund, program, agreement or arrangement sponsored by a Governmental Authority.

Foreign Prepayment Event has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b)(vi).

Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States, a State thereof or the District of Columbia.

Foreign Subsidiary Guarantors means each Person that is from time to time a party (but only for so long as they are a party) to a Foreign Subsidiary Guaranty. For the avoidance of doubt, Foreign Subsidiary
Guarantors shall not guarantee any Obligations of the Company or any Domestic Subsidiary. Each Foreign Subsidiary Guarantor as of the Closing Date is set forth on Schedule 1.01D.

-31-

Foreign Subsidiary Guaranty means a guarantee of the Foreign Obligations made by a Foreign Subsidiary in favor of the Administrative Agent and the other parties benefitting thereunder, substantially in the
form of Exhibit H, or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Any such guarantee may be a Reduced Guaranty, and any such guarantee made by WES or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries may, at the election of the
Company, be a Limited Guaranty.

Foreign Subsidiary Pledge Documents means the U.S. Security Agreement, the WES Stock Pledge Documents and all other documents, instruments and agreements executed by or on behalf of any Loan Party to effect a
pledge of Equity Interests in any Foreign Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent.

Foreign Subsidiary Secured Obligations means all unpaid principal of, accrued and unpaid interest and fees and reimbursement obligations, and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations
under or with respect to, any loans, letters of credit, acceptances, guarantees, overdraft facilities, other credit extensions or accommodations or similar obligations owing by any Foreign Subsidiary pursuant
to the Loan Documents to any Lender or any office, branch or Affiliate of any Lender (each a Foreign Obligation Provider) and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Foreign Subsidiary of any
proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding.

Fourth Amendment means that certain Fourth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2024, by and among the Borrowers, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative
Agent.

Fourth Amendment Consenting Term B Lenders means, collectively, the Converting Consenting Term B Lenders and the Non-Converting Consenting Term B Lenders.

Fourth Amendment Effective Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fourth Amendment.

Fourth Amendment Joint Lead Arrangers has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fourth Amendment.

FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.

Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Credit Lender, (a) with respect to the L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C
Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender,
such Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentage of Swing Line Loans other than Swing Line Loans as to which such Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms
hereof.

-32-

Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary
course of its activities.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the Accounting Standards Codification issued by Financial Accounting Standards Board, consistently applied and as in effect
from time to time and subject to Section 1.03, as applicable.

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory
body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the
European Central Bank).

Guarantee means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or
performable by another Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or
payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such
Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such
Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in
respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right,
contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien); provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business or customary and reasonable
indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee
is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Guaranties means the Company Guaranty, the Domestic Subsidiary Guaranty and each Foreign Subsidiary Guaranty.

Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or
asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.

-33-

Hedge Bank means any Person that, at the time it enters into a Swap Contract permitted hereunder (or, with respect to Swap Contracts outstanding on the Closing Date, on the Closing Date) is a Lender or an
Affiliate of a Lender, in its capacity as a party to such Swap Contract.

Historical Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and shareholders equity of the Company for the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2020, December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, all of which financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Honor Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i).

Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary designated as such by the Company by notice to the Administrative Agent; provided (i) that allthat, when combined with all other Immaterial Subsidiaries may, does not, as of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company and calculated at the time of each quarterly Compliance Certificate, together with their respective subsidiaries, account for more than
10% of the Consolidated Total Assets, 10% of the Consolidated Net Worth or 10% of the consolidated revenues of the Company for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters immediately preceding such date
and (ii); provided that any such Subsidiary that,
together with its respective Subsidiaries, accounts for more than 5% of the Consolidated Total Assets, Consolidated Net Worth or consolidated revenues of the Company for such period shall not be deemed to be an Immaterial Subsidiary for the
purposes of Section 8.01.

Incremental Amount means, at any time, the sum of the aggregate principal amount of (a) Incremental Facilities incurred at or prior to such time and (b) Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred at or prior to such
time.

Incremental Cap means, after giving effect to the effectiveness of any proposed Incremental Facility (including any unused amount thereof, in the case of any proposed Incremental Revolving Credit Facility or
Incremental Revolving Increase), after the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, an amount not to exceed (I) the greater of (x) $825,000,000 and (y) 75% of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period most recently then ended calculated on a Pro Forma Basis
plus (II) the aggregate amount of all voluntary prepayments and repurchases of Term Loans (other than voluntary prepayments and repurchases of Incremental Term Loans incurred pursuant to clause (III) below) and voluntary reductions of
commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, in each case made prior to the date of any such incurrence (other than prepayments, repurchases and commitment reductions made with the proceeds of Indebtedness under this Agreement or any other
long-term Indebtedness), plus (III) the maximum aggregate principal amount (if any) of the Incremental Facilities that could be established or incurred without causing the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most
recently ended Test Period, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to the incurrence of such additional amount, any acquisition or Investment consummated in connection therewith and all other appropriate pro forma adjustments (but
without netting any cash proceeds from such incurrence), to exceed 4.00:1.00 (treating any proposed Incremental Revolving Credit Facility or proposed Incremental Revolving Increase as fully drawn, and such proposed amount may thereafter be borrowed
and reborrowed, in whole or in part, from time to time, without any further testing under this definition), minus (IV) the aggregate principal amount of all Incremental Facilities and Incremental Equivalent Debt theretofore incurred in
reliance on clauses (I) (only to the extent incurred after the Fifth Amendment Effective Date) and (II) above; provided that:

-34-

(1) Incremental Facilities incurred or established after the Fifth Amendment Effective Date may be established or incurred under one or more of clauses (I), (II) and/or (III) above as selected by the Borrower in its
sole discretion,

(2) if any Incremental Facilities are to be established or incurred under both clauses (I) or (II) and (III) above in connection with a single transaction or series of related but substantially concurrent transactions,
then the maximum amount available of Incremental Facilities (or portion of Incremental Facilities) to be established or incurred under clause (III) shall first be determined by calculating the establishment or incurrence under such clause (III)
without giving effect to any Incremental Facilities (or portion of any Incremental Facilities) established or incurred (or to be established or incurred) under clause (I) and/or clause (II), and after such maximum amount under clause (III) has been
determined, the amount of Incremental Facilities (or portion of Incremental Facilities) established or incurred (or to be established or incurred) under clause (I) and/or clause (II) shall be determined, and

(3) any Incremental Facilities originally designated as incurred pursuant to clauses (I) or (II) above may be reclassified at a later date, as the Company may elect in a written notice to the Administrative Agent, as
incurred under clause (III) above if the Company would meet the applicable leverage test under clause (III) above calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as of the time of such election; provided, that upon delivery of any financial statements
pursuant to Section 6.01 (and the corresponding Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.02(a)) following the initial incurrence of such Incremental Facilities under clauses (I) or (II) of this definition, if such Incremental Facilities could,
based on any such financial statements (and the corresponding Compliance Certificate), have been incurred under clause (III) of this definition, then such Incremental Facilities shall automatically be reclassified as incurred under clause (III)
above.

Incremental Effective Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(a).

-35-

Incremental Equivalent Debt means Indebtedness incurred by one or more of the Loan Parties in the form of one or more series of senior secured first lien notes (but not term loans), junior lien term loans or
notes, subordinated term loans or notes or senior unsecured term loans or notes, or any bridge facility; provided that (i) the maturity date of such Incremental Equivalent Debt will be no earlier than the Maturity Date of the Term B-2-3 Facility; provided that the foregoing requirements of this clause (i) shall not apply
to the extent such Indebtedness constitutes a customary bridge facility, so long as the long-term Indebtedness into which such customary bridge facility is to be converted or exchanged satisfies the requirements of this clause (i), (ii) the
Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Incremental Equivalent Debt may not be shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term B-2-3 Facility; provided that the foregoing requirements of this clause (ii) shall not apply to the extent such Indebtedness constitutes a customary bridge facility, so long as
the long-term Indebtedness into which such customary bridge facility is to be converted or exchanged satisfies the requirements of this clause (ii), (iii) none of the obligors or guarantors with respect to such Indebtedness shall be a
Person that is not a Loan Party, (iv) the terms (excluding any pricing, rate floors, discounts, fees, premiums and optional prepayment or redemption terms) of such Indebtedness, taken as a whole, shall not be materially less favorable (taken as a
whole) to the Loan Parties than those applicable to the Term B-2 Loans or Term B-3 Loans, except for covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after
the Maturity Date or earlier repayment in full of the Term B-2 Loans or Term B-3 Loans; provided that such Indebtedness may contain additional or more
restrictive financial covenants than those applicable to the Term B-2-3 Loans so long as such
covenants are added for the benefit of the Lenders hereunder and (v) such Indebtedness shall, to the extent secured, be either (A) solely in the case of debt securities or a bridge facility, secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Obligations and shall not be secured by any property or assets of the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary other than Collateral, and a representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall
have become party to a customary intercreditor agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent reflecting the pari passu status of the Liens securing such Indebtedness or (B)
secured by the Collateral on a junior basis with the Obligations and shall not be secured by any property or assets of the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary other than Collateral, and a representative acting on behalf of the holders of such
Indebtedness shall have become party to or otherwise subject to the provisions of a customary intercreditor agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent reflecting the second (or more junior) lien status of the
Liens securing such Indebtedness.

Incremental Facilities has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(a).

Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment means any revolving credit commitment under an Incremental Revolving Credit Facility.

Incremental Revolving Credit Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(a).

Incremental Revolving Credit Loans means any revolving loans made under an Incremental Revolving Credit Facility.

Incremental Revolving Increase has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(a).

Incremental Term A Facility means an Incremental Term Facility in the form of a term loan A facility designated by the Company in writing to the Administrative Agent as an Incremental Term A Facility.

Incremental Term A Commitment has the meaning assigned to such term in the Restatement Agreement.

Incremental Term A Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in the Restatement Agreement.

Incremental Term A Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in the Restatement Agreement.

Incremental Term A-1 Commitment has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fifth Amendment.

-36-

Incremental Term A-1 Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fifth Amendment.

Incremental Term A-1 Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fifth Amendment.

Incremental Term B Facility means an Incremental Term Facility other than an Incremental Term A Facility.

Incremental Term Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(a).

Incremental Term Increase has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(a).

Incremental Term Loan Commitment means any term loan commitment under an Incremental Term Facility.

Incremental Term Loans means any term loans made under an Incremental Term Facility.

Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP:

(a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments;

(b) all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit, bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments;

(c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract;

(d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than (i) trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business and, in each case,
maturing within 365 days after the incurrence thereof which are not overdue for a period of more than 180 days and, if overdue for more than 180 days, as to which a dispute exists and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been established
on the books of such Person and (ii) deferred compensation payable to directors, officers or employees); provided, that in no event shall Specified Earnout Obligations be considered Indebtedness;

(e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other
title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person (but limited, in the event that such Indebtedness has not been assumed by such Person, to the lesser of (i) the amount of such Indebtedness and
(ii) the fair market value of such property securing such Indebtedness);

(f) capital leases, Synthetic Lease Obligations and Securitization Transactions, and liabilities in respect of Permitted Factoring Transactions;

(g) all obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Stock; and

-37-

(h) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing;

provided that the term Indebtedness shall not include, for the avoidance of doubt, any Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) issued by Company; provided further, that the term Indebtedness shall not include any
indebtedness to the extent (i) of any funds that are irrevocably deposited with the trustee or agent or otherwise for the benefit of the holders thereof, (ii) an irrevocable and unconditional notice of redemption, offer to purchase or notice of
prepayment under the instrument governing such indebtedness has been delivered, in each case, in connection with the redemption, tender, defeasance or other early payment of such indebtedness, either in whole or in part or (iii) relating to the
Ongoing PO Holding Obligations in an amount not to exceed the greater of (x) $330,000,000 and (y) 30% of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period most recently then ended at any time outstanding.

For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is
liable therefor as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date
shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of any capital lease, Synthetic Lease Obligation or Securitization Transaction as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in
respect thereof as of such date. The amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (e) above shall (unless such Indebtedness has been assumed by such Person) be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of
such Indebtedness and (B) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith.

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent
not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes.

Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b).

Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07.

Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date; provided, however, that
if any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; (b) as to any Base Rate
Loan or Swing Line Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made (with Swing Line Loans being deemed made under the Revolving Credit Facility for
purposes of this definition), (c) as to any Daily Simple SOFR Loan, the last Business Day of each month and the applicable Maturity Date, (d) as to any SONIA Rate Loan, the first Business Day of each month and the Maturity Date for the Revolving
Credit Facility, (e) with respect to the Term B-1 Loans, the Sixth Amendment Effective Date and (f) with respect to the Term A Loans, the Fifth Amendment Effective Date.

-38-

Interest Period means, as to each Eurocurrency Rate Loan and each Term SOFR Loan, as applicable, the period commencing on the date such Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan, as applicable, is disbursed or
converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan, as applicable, and ending on (i) with respect to each Eurocurrency Rate Loan and Term SOFR Loan, as applicable under the Revolving Credit Facility, the date one, three or six
(other than in respect of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars) months thereafter and (ii) with respect to each Term SOFR Loan under the Term Facilities, the date one, three or six months thereafter, in each case, as selected by
the Company in its Loan Notice or such other period that is twelve months or less requested by a Borrower and consented to by all the Lenders under the applicable Facility, subject to availability; provided that:

(i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar
month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day;

(ii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such
Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period;

(iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date;

(iv) [reserved];

(v) [reserved];

(vi) all Incremental Term A Loans shall have the initial Interest Period(s) set forth in Section 3(b) of the Restatement Agreement;

(vii) [reserved];

(viii) all Term A-1 Loans made pursuant to Section 2.01(e), including, for the avoidance of doubt, those converted from Converted Term A Loans and Incremental Term A-1 Loans, shall have
the same initial Interest Period as in effect for the Converted Term A Loans on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date; and

(ix) all Term B-2 Loans made pursuant to Section 2.01(f), including, for the avoidance of doubt, those converted from Converted Term B-1 Loans, shall have the same initial Interest
Period as in effect for the Converted Term B-1 Loans on the Sixth Amendment Effective Date.

Internally Generated Cash means, with respect to any period, any cash of the Company or any Subsidiary generated during such period, excluding net cash proceeds from an incurrence of Indebtedness (other than
Indebtedness incurred under the Revolving Credit Facility), an issuance of Equity Interests or a capital contribution, in each case, except to the extent such proceeds are included as income in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such period.

-39-

Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests or Indebtedness or other
securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of Indebtedness of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any
partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the property and assets or business of another Person or assets of
another Person that constitute a business unit, product line, line of business or division of such Person. The amount, as of any date of determination, of (a) any Investment in the form of a loan or an advance shall be the principal amount thereof
outstanding on such date, but without any adjustment for write-downs or write-offs (including as a result of forgiveness of any portion thereof) with respect to such loan or advance after the date thereof, (b) any Investment in the form of a
Guarantee shall be equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in
respect thereof, as determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer, (c) any Investment in the form of a transfer of Equity Interests or other non-cash property by the investor to the investee, including any such transfer in the form of a capital
contribution, shall be the fair market value (as determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer) of such Equity Interests or other property as of the time of the transfer, minus any payments actually received by such investor
representing a return of capital of, or in the case of Investments in the form of a transfer of Equity Interests, dividends or other distributions on account of (to the extent such payments do not exceed, in the aggregate, the original amount of
such Investment), but without any other adjustment for increases or decreases in value of, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect to, such Investment after the date of such Investment, and (d) any Investment (other than any
Investment referred to in clause (a), (b) or (c) above) by the specified Person shall be the original cost of such Investment (including any Indebtedness assumed in connection therewith), plus (i) the cost of all additions thereto and minus
(ii) the amount of any portion of such Investment that has been repaid to the investor in cash as a repayment of principal or a return of capital, and of any cash payments actually received by such investor representing dividends or other
distributions on account of (to the extent such payments do not exceed, in the aggregate, the original amount of such Investment), but without any other adjustment for increases or decreases in value of, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with
respect to, such Investment after the date of such Investment.For purposes of covenant compliance, if an Investment involves the acquisition of more than one Person, the amount of such Investment shall
be allocated among the acquired Persons in accordance with GAAP; provided that pending the final determination of the amounts to be so allocated in accordance with GAAP, such allocation shall be as reasonably determined by a Responsible
Officer.

IP Rights has the meaning specified in Section 5.18.

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

-40-

ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto.

ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may
be in effect at the time of issuance).

Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the L/C Issuer and the Company (or any
Subsidiary) or in favor of the L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit.

Joint Lead Arrangers means (i) in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and bookrunners solely with respect to the Term A-1 Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility, BofA Securities, Inc., Wells Fargo
Securities, LLC, Citizens Bank, N.A., Truist Securities, Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., MUFG Bank, Ltd., BMO Capital Markets Corp., Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., (ii) in their capacities as joint lead arrangers
and bookrunners solely with respect to the Term B-2 Facility, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Citizens Bank, N.A., Truist Securities, Inc., MUFG Bank, Ltd., Santander Bank, N.A., BMO Capital Markets Corp., Mizuho Bank, Ltd.,
Citibank, N.A., KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Regions Capital Markets, Fifth Third Bank, National Association and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and, (iii) in their capacities as joint lead arrangers solely with respect to the Term B-2 Facility, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Bell State Bank & Trust, Camden
National Bank and Webster Bank, National Association.and (iv) in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and
bookrunners solely with respect to the Term B-3 Facility, BofA Securities, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Citizens Bank, N.A., Truist Securities, Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., MUFG Bank, Ltd., BMO Capital Markets Corp., Citigroup Global Markets
Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.

Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities,
including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses,
authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law.

L/C Advance means, with respect to each Revolving Credit Lender, such Lenders funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage. All L/C Advances
shall be denominated in Dollars.

L/C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Revolving Credit Borrowing. All L/C
Borrowings shall be denominated in Dollars.

L/C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof.

-41-

L/C Issuer means Bank of America in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder.

L/C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all
L/C Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.09. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any
date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining
available to be drawn.

Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and, as the context requires, includes the Swing Line Lender. The term Lender shall include any Designated Lender.

Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lenders Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time
notify the Company and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall
include its applicable Lending Office.

Letter of Credit means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder and shall include the Existing Letters of Credit. Letters of Credit may be issued in Dollars or in an Alternative Currency.

Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the L/C Issuer.

Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is seven days prior to the Maturity Date in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next
preceding Business Day).

Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(i).

Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to $400,000,000. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Facility.

Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, collateral assignment, deposit arrangement in the nature of a security interest, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or other security interest or
preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any
financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).

-42-

Limited Condition Transaction means (i) any Permitted Acquisition or other permitted acquisition or Investment (including by way of merger or amalgamation) whose consummation is not conditioned on the
availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing and, (ii) any redemption, repurchase,
defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of Indebtedness requiring irrevocable notice in advance of such redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment and/or (iii) the 2025 Share Repurchase.

Limited Guarantor Foreign Subsidiary means each Foreign Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary of WES and that has executed a Limited Guaranty.

Limited Guaranty means a Foreign Subsidiary Guaranty (which, in the case of a Limited Guaranty of any WES Entity, shall be a guarantee only of the Obligations of WEX International Holdings) recourse to the
guarantor under which is limited to a maximum of $350,000,000 or, in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary Guaranty by a WES Entity, the least of (x) the aggregate outstanding Obligations of WEX International Holdings, (y) $350,000,000 (or such lower
amount as may be designated in accordance with Section 1.03(a), (b), and (c) of the Agreed Credit Support Principles if such Foreign Subsidiary Guaranty is also a Reduced Guaranty) and (z) the aggregate amount of Investments
in the WES Entities made on or after August 22, 2014 by the Non-WES Entities, less the total amount of returns on such Investments actually received in cash or Cash Equivalents on or after August 22, 2014 by the Non-WES Entities.

LLC Division means the statutory division of any limited liability company into two or more limited liability companies pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or a comparable
provision of any other requirement of Law.

Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to a Borrower under Article II in the form of a Term Loan, a Revolving Credit Loan or a Swing Line Loan.

Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement, each Note, each Issuer Document, the Guaranties, the Collateral Documents, each Additional Credit Extension
Amendment and any amendments of and joinders to any Loan Document that are deemed pursuant to their terms to be Loan Documents for purposes hereof.

Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Term Borrowing, (b) a Revolving Credit Borrowing, (c) a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or (d) a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans,
pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as
shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company.

Loan Parties means, collectively, the Company, each Subsidiary Guarantor, and each Designated Borrower.

Material Acquisition has the meaning specified in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA.

Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, or financial condition of the Company or the Company and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document or the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as whole, to perform their respective obligations under
the Loan Documents; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower of any Loan Document to which it is a party.

-43-

Material Bank Regulated Subsidiary means (i) WEX Bank and (ii) any other Bank Regulated Subsidiary that is a Material Subsidiary.

Material Disposition has the meaning specified in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA.

Material Real Property means any fee owned Real Property located in the United States owned by a Domestic Loan Party and having a fair market value (on a per-property basis and as determined in good faith by
the Company) equal to or greater than $5,000,000 as of (a) the Closing Date, for Real Property then owned, (b) the date of acquisition, for Real Property acquired after the Closing Date by any Domestic Loan Party or (c) the date that any Person
first becomes a Domestic Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Domestic Guaranty Subsidiary) or remains a Domestic Subsidiary but ceases to be an Excluded Domestic Guaranty Subsidiary after the Closing Date, for Real Property then owned by such
Domestic Subsidiary.

Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company other than an Immaterial Subsidiary.

Maturity Date means (a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, the earlier of (i) May 10, 2029 and (ii) the date that is 91 days prior to the maturity of the Term B-2 Facility (or any Indebtedness
incurred to refinance the Term B-2 Facility and that has a maturity that is not more than 91 days after May 10, 2029) to the extent any Term B-2 Loans (or such other Indebtedness that refinances the Term B-2 Facility and that has a maturity that is
not more than 91 days after May 10, 2029) are outstanding on such date, (b) with respect to the Term A-1 Facility, the earlier of (i) May 10, 2029 and (ii) the date that is 91 days prior to the maturity of the Term B-2 Facility (or any Indebtedness
incurred to refinance the Term B-2 Facility and that has a maturity that is not more than 91 days after May 10, 2029) to the extent any Term B-2 Loans (or such other Indebtedness that refinances the Term B-2 Facility and that has a maturity that is
not more than 91 days after May 10, 2029) are outstanding on such date, (c) with respect to the Term B-2 Facility, April 1, 2028 and, (d) with respect to the Term B-3 Facility, March 6, 2032, and (e) with respect to any additional Loans or
Commitments pursuant to Section 2.17, 2.18 or 2.19, the maturity date specified in the Additional Credit Extension Amendment related thereto; provided, however, that, in each case, if such date is not a
Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day.

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.

Mortgage means each of the mortgages, deeds of trust, trust deeds and deeds to secure debt or such equivalent documents covering the Mortgaged Property (together with fixture filings and Assignments of Leases
and Rents referred to therein) and hereafter entered into and executed and delivered by one or more of the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent, in each case, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (with such
changes as may be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel to account for local law matters).

-44-

Mortgage Policy has the meaning specified in Section 6.13(c)(ii).

Mortgaged Property means all Material Real Property as to which, pursuant to Section 6.13(c), or otherwise, the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall be granted a
Lien, pursuant to the Mortgages. All Mortgaged Property as of the Closing Date is set forth on Schedule 1.01C.

Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which a Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding
five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions.

Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including a Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described
in Section 4064 of ERISA.

Net Cash Proceeds means:

(a) with respect to any Disposition by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or with respect to any Casualty Event relating to any property of any Loan Party or any of its
Subsidiaries, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such transaction (including any cash or Cash Equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note
receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received) over (ii) the sum of (A) the amount of all payments that are permitted hereunder and are made by the Company and its Subsidiaries as a result of such event to repay Indebtedness that is
secured by the applicable asset or that is subject to mandatory prepayment in connection with such transaction or event (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents), (B) the sum of fees and out-of-pocket expenses (including attorneys
fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, underwriting discounts and commissions, other customary expenses and brokerage,
consultant, accountant and other customary fees) incurred by the Company and any Subsidiary in connection with such transaction or event, (C) the pro rata portion of net cash proceeds thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (C))
attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Company or its Subsidiaries as a result thereof, (D) the amount of any liabilities directly associated with such asset and retained by the
Company or any Subsidiary, (E) the amount of all taxes paid (or reasonably estimated to be payable), (F) the amount of dividends and other restricted payments that a Subsidiary may make pursuant to Section 7.06(a)(ii) as a result of
such event and (G) the amount of any reserves established by the Company and its Subsidiaries to fund contingent liabilities reasonably estimated to be payable, that are directly attributable to such event; provided that, if the amount
of any estimated taxes pursuant to subclause (E) exceeds the amount of taxes actually required to be paid in cash in respect of such Disposition or Casualty Event, the aggregate amount of such excess shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds; and

-45-

(b) with respect to the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the excess of (i) the sum of the cash and Cash Equivalents received in
connection with such transaction over (ii) the underwriting discounts and commissions, and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, incurred by the Company or such Subsidiary in connection therewith.

Net Short Lender has the meaning specified in Section 10.01.

Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 10.13.

Non-Converting Consenting Term A-3 Lender means a Term A-3 Lender (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) that has elected to be a Non-Converting Consenting Term A-3 Lender on its signature page to
the Restatement Agreement.

Non-Converting Consenting Term B Lender means a Term B Lender that has elected to be a Non-Converting Consenting Term B Lender on its signature page to the Fourth Amendment.

Non-Converting Consenting Term B-1 Lender means a Term B-1 Lender that has elected to be a Non-Converting Consenting Term B-1 Lender on its signature page to the Sixth Amendment.

Non-Extension Notice Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii).

Non-WES Entity means the Company or any direct or indirect Subsidiary thereof that is not a WES Entity.

Note means a Term Note or a Revolving Credit Note, as the context may require.

Notice of Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit O or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative
Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer.

Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with
respect to any Loan, Letter of Credit, Specified Cash Management Agreement or Specified Hedge Agreement, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or
hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of
whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding; provided that the Obligations of any Loan Party shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligation of such Loan Party.

OCC means the United States Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

-46-

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury.

Offshore Associate means an Associate within the meaning of the Australian Income Tax Assessment Act of 1936 (Cth) that is either (a) a non-resident and is not
or would not become a lender under this Agreement in carrying on a business in Australia at or through any permanent establishment of it in Australia; or (b) a resident of Australia and is or would become a lender under this Agreement in
carrying on a business in a country outside Australia at or through any permanent establishment of it in that country.

OID has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c).

Ongoing PO Holding Obligations means ongoing obligations under that certain Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022, by and between SBI and the Company, which obligations
are now in effect, following the termination of the Put Right.

Operating Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, (i) all unsecured Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of the banking operations of any Bank Regulated Subsidiary which is includable
as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet of such Bank Regulated Subsidiary and its consolidated subsidiaries at such date, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, (ii) all Indebtedness of any Bank Regulated
Subsidiary incurred pursuant to Federal Reserves Bank Term Funding Program and (iii) all Indebtedness of any Bank Regulated Subsidiary provided by a Federal Home Loan Bank (or its applicable agent or member) (an FHLB Financing).

Operating Interest Expense means, for any period, the sum for all Bank Regulated Subsidiaries and their respective consolidated subsidiaries (determined in accordance with GAAP), of all interest in respect
of Operating Indebtedness (including, without limitation, the interest component of any payments in respect of capital lease obligations but excluding any capitalized financing costs) accrued during such period (whether or not actually paid
during such period).

Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any
non-U.S. jurisdictions); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S.
jurisdictions); and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or
notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or
organization of such entity.

Original Revolving Credit Commitment shall mean the Revolving Credit Commitment as defined in this Agreement prior to the Fifth Amendment Effective Date.

-47-

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than
connections arising solely from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant
to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance,
enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other
than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06).

Outstanding Amount means (a) with respect to Term Loans, Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Line Loans on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving
effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Term Loans, Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Line Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date; and (b) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount
of the aggregate outstanding amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a
result of any reimbursements by the Company of Unreimbursed Amounts.

Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent, the
L/C Issuer, or the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, the rate of interest per annum at which
overnight deposits in the applicable Alternative Currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by a branch or Affiliate of Bank of America in the
applicable offshore interbank market for such currency to major banks in such interbank market.

Parallel Debt has the meaning specified in Section 10.23(b).

Part 21A Certificate means in respect of each company incorporated in the United Kingdom whose shares are the subject of a Lien under the Collateral Documents (a Charged Company), either:

(a) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying that:

(i) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have complied within the relevant timeframe with any notice it has received pursuant to Part 21A of the United Kingdom Companies Act 2006
from that Charged Company; and

-48-

(ii) no "warning notice" or "restrictions notice" (in each case as defined in Schedule 1B of the United Kingdom Companies Act 2006) has been issued in respect of those shares, together
with a copy of the PSC register (within the meaning of section 790C(10) of the United Kingdom Companies Act 2006) of that Charged Company which is certified by a Responsible Officer of the Company to be correct, complete and not amended or
superseded as at the date of such certificate; or

(b) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying that such Charged Company is not required to comply with Part 21A of the United Kingdom Companies Act 2006.

Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d).

Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d).

Participating Member State means each state so described in any EMU Legislation.

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

Pension Act means the Pension Protection Act of 2006.

Pension Funding Rules means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment payment thereof) to Pension Plans and set forth in, with respect to plan
years ending prior to the effective date of the Pension Act, Section 412 of the Code and Section 302 of ERISA, each as in effect prior to the Pension Act and, thereafter, Sections 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303,
304 and 305 of ERISA.

Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan or a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained or is contributed to by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and is
either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code.

Perfection Certificate means a certificate in the form of Exhibit J or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent, as the same shall be supplemented from time to time.

Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by the Company or any Subsidiary; provided that (i) immediately after giving effect to such Acquisition, (x) no Event of Default or Default under Sections
8.01(a) or (f) shall have occurred and be continuing and (y) the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio and Consolidated Leverage Ratio for the most recent period of four consecutive fiscal quarters for which financial statements
have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) (determined on a Pro Forma Basis as if such Acquisition had occurred on the first day of such period) shall be not less than, or greater than, the ratios required by Sections
7.11(a) and (b), respectively, and the Company shall be in compliance with Section 7.07, (ii) promptly upon giving effect to such Acquisition, the Company complies with Section 6.13 and (iii) either (X) if such
Acquisition is pursuant to clause (a) of the definition of Acquisition, then, immediately following such Acquisition, the Person acquired in such Acquisition is a consolidated Subsidiary or (Y) if such acquisition is pursuant to clause (b) of
the definition of Acquisition, then, immediately following such Acquisition, the assets, division, business unit, product line or line of business acquired in such Acquisition are owned by the Company or a consolidated Subsidiary.

-49-

Permitted Encumbrances means (i) Liens, encumbrances and other matters disclosed on the Mortgage Policies delivered in connection with Mortgages delivered hereunder, (ii)
easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way, restrictions on use and other encumbrances on real estate and defects and irregularities in the title thereto (but, with respect to Mortgaged Property, limited to minor defects and irregularities
in the title thereto), or any other matter of record, landlords or lessors Liens under leases to which any Domestic Loan Party is a party, and other Liens none of which in the opinion of the respective Domestic Loan Party interferes
materially with the use of real estate of the Domestic Loan Parties taken as a whole in the ordinary conduct of business, which encumbrances, defects and Liens do not individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect on (x) if
such real estate is subject to a Mortgage, the value of said real estate or (y) the business of the Loan Parties and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, and (iii) the Liens permitted under and described in clauses (a),
(b), (c), (d), (g), (h) and (j) of Section 7.01.

Permitted Factoring Transaction means any sale or other transfer by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Factorable Receivables, which sale or transfer does not involve the creation of any recourse
obligation in respect thereof on the part of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than with respect to matters of title to, and the character of (other than the collectability) of, the Factorable Receivables so sold or transferred),
other than recourse obligations in an outstanding amount not exceeding $25,000,000 at any time.

Permitted Junior Priority Refinancing Debt means any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in the form of one or more series of junior lien secured notes or junior lien secured loans; provided
that (i) such Indebtedness is secured by the Collateral on a junior lien, subordinated basis to the Obligations and the obligations in respect of any Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt, (ii) the security agreements relating to such
Indebtedness are substantially the same as the Collateral Documents (with such differences as are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and (iii) a Senior Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall
have become party to a customary intercreditor agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Company.

Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt means any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in the form of one or more series of senior secured notes; provided that (i) such Indebtedness is secured
by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Obligations, (ii) the security agreements relating to such Indebtedness are substantially the same as the Collateral Documents (with such differences as
are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and (iii) a Senior Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to one or more customary intercreditor agreements in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Company.

Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Bank Regulated Subsidiary and its respective Subsidiaries) issued in exchange for, or
the net proceeds of which are used to extend, renew, refund, refinance, replace, defease or discharge other Indebtedness of such Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Bank Regulated Subsidiary and its respective Subsidiaries); provided
that:

-50-

(a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the
Indebtedness extended, renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, defeased or discharged (the Refinanced Indebtedness) (plus all accrued interest on the Refinanced Indebtedness and the amount of all fees, commissions, discounts and
expenses, including premiums, incurred in connection therewith);

(b) either (x) such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity date no earlier than the final maturity date of, and has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or
greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Refinanced Indebtedness or (y) all scheduled payments on or in respect of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness (other than interest payments) shall be at least 91 days following the
latest Maturity Date hereunder;

(c) if the Refinanced Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Loans, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Loan on terms at
least as favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Refinanced Indebtedness;

(d) such Indebtedness is incurred:

(i) by a Loan Party or by a Subsidiary (other than a Bank Regulated Subsidiary and its respective Subsidiaries) who is the obligor on the Refinanced Indebtedness;

(ii) by a Loan Party if the obligor on the Refinanced Indebtedness is a Loan Party or a Subsidiary Guarantor; and

(e) such Indebtedness is only secured if and to the extent and with the priority the Refinanced Indebtedness is secured, and if such Refinanced Indebtedness is subject to an
intercreditor agreement, the holders of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness or their representative on their behalf shall become party to such intercreditor agreement.

Permitted Restructuring Transactions means collectively, any mergers, consolidations, internal reorganizations, transfers, dividends, distributions, intercompany Dispositions or Investments and, in each
case, related Indebtedness, in connection with internal restructurings and/or tax planning activities (collectively, for purpose of this definition, a reorganization); provided, that, after giving effect to any such
reorganization, in the good faith determination of the Company, neither the Guaranties, taken as a whole, nor the security interests of the Administrative Agent in the Collateral, taken as a whole, are materially impaired.

Permitted Securitization Entity means any entity that, (i) except to the extent that Securitization Transactions in the relevant jurisdiction may be effected by a sale or transfer of the applicable
Securitization Assets to a Person other than a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company, is directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Company, (ii) is formed and operated solely for purposes of a Permitted Securitization Transaction, (iii) is
bankruptcy remote (or, if applicable, insolvency remote), (iv) has organizational documents which limit the permitted activities of such Permitted Securitization Entity to the acquisition of Securitization Assets from the Company or one or
more of its Subsidiaries, the securitization of such Securitization Assets and activities necessary or incidental to the foregoing,and (v) meets the customary requirements for special purpose entities engaged in the securitization of assets operating in the
applicable jurisdiction; provided that if no requirements for special purpose entities exist in such jurisdiction, the Company shall so certify to the Administrative Agent.

-51-

Permitted Securitization Transaction means the sale, contribution or other transfer by the Company or one or more of its Subsidiaries of Securitization Assets to one or more Permitted Securitization
Entities for the purpose of further transferring or pledging such Securitization Assets (and all of the activities and transactions customarily effected in connection with the foregoing); provided that, in each case, (i) such
transaction results in a legal true sale of receivable under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction and (ii) such transaction is non-recourse to the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than the applicable Permitted Securitization Entity)
under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction, except for Standard Securitization Undertakings.

Permitted Tax Receivable Agreement Prepayment means any prepayment made under the Tax Receivable Agreement; provided that before and after giving effect to such prepayment, no Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing, including, on a Pro Forma Basis, under Section 7.11.

Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness means unsecured Indebtedness; provided, that (i) such Indebtedness does not require scheduled repayments of principal in cash prior to the maturity date of such
Indebtedness, (ii) none of the obligors or guarantors with respect to such Indebtedness shall be a Person that is not a Loan Party and (iii) the negative and financial covenants of such Indebtedness, taken as a whole, shall not be materially
more restrictive (taken as a whole) to the Loan Parties than those applicable to the Term B-2 Loans or Term B-3 Loans, except for
covenants applicable only to periods after the Maturity Date or earlier repayment in full of the Term B-2 Loans or Term B-3 Loans;

provided that such Indebtedness may contain additional or more restrictive financial covenants than those applicable to the Term B-2 Loans or Term B-3 Loans so long as such covenants are added for the benefit of the Lenders hereunder.

Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt means any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in the form of one or more series of senior unsecured notes or senior unsecured loans.

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity.

Plan means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Plan), maintained for employees of any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or any such Plan to which any
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is required to contribute on behalf of any of its employees and not excluded under Section 4 of ERISA.

Planned Expenditures has the meaning specified in the definition of Excess Cash Flow.

Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.

-52-

PO Holding means PO Holding LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

PO Holding Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Limited Liability Operating Agreement of PO Holding, dated as of March 5, 2019, as the same may be amended, amended restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time.

Pre-Adjustment Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c).

ProForma Basis means, for purposes of calculating compliance with any test, basket, financial ratio or financial covenant required by the terms of this Agreement to be made on a Pro
Forma Basis, for any period, a basis assuming that any applicable transaction giving rise to such requirement, any Investment permitted hereunder, retirement, redemption or repayment of Indebtedness or issuance, incurrence or assumption of
Indebtedness, any acquisition, disposition, Material Acquisition or Material Disposition that has been consummated during the applicable period of measurement or subsequent to such period and prior to or substantially concurrent with the event
for which the calculation is made, and the following transactions in connection therewith that have been made during the applicable period of measurement or subsequent to such period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the
calculation is made shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable period of measurement in such test, basket, financial ratio or financial covenant: (a) income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable
to the property or Person subject to any such Investment, Material Acquisition or Material Disposition shall be included (in the case of any Material Acquisition) or excluded (in the case of any Material Disposition), (b) any retirement,
redemption or repayment of Indebtedness, and (c) any Indebtedness issued, incurred or assumed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection therewith and if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, shall have an implied rate
of interest for the applicable period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate which is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness as at the relevant date of determination and interest on any Indebtedness
under a revolving credit facility computed on a pro forma basis shall be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during the applicable period; provided that the foregoing pro forma adjustments may be applied
to any such test, basket, financial ratio or financial covenant solely to the extent that such adjustments are consistent with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA and give effect to events (including operating expense reductions, synergies
(including discounts, credits, concessions and cost-savings) or similar anticipated benefits) that are (x) attributable to such transaction, (y) expected to have a continuing impact on the Company and its Subsidiaries and (z) factually
supportable.

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.

Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.

Purchasing Borrower Party means the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company to whom any Term Loans are assigned pursuant to Section 10.06(i).

-53-

Put Right means the rights of SBI (or any permitted successor or assignee of SBI pursuant to the PO Holding Agreement) to require that the Company and PO Holding, on a joint and several basis, repurchase
the Equity Interests owned by SBI (or such permitted successor or assignee) in PO Holding pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the PO Holding Agreement.

QFChas the meaning assigned to the term qualified
financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).

QFC Credit Support has the meaning specified in Section 10.28.

Qualified Stock means any Equity Interest not constituting Disqualified Stock.

Rate Determination Date means two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank
market, as determined by the Administrative Agent; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such other day as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative
Agent).

RD means WEX Card Holdings Australia Pty Ltd., an Australian proprietary company.

RD Acquisition Sub 1 means WEX Australia Holdings Pty Ltd, an Australian proprietary company.

RD Entities means RD Acquisition Sub 1 and its Subsidiaries, collectively.

Real Property of any Person shall mean all the right, title and interest of such Person in and to land, improvements and fixtures.

Received Amount has the meaning specified in Section 10.23(d).

Recipient means the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer.

Redesignation has the meaning specified in Section 6.13(g).

Reduced Guaranty means a Foreign Subsidiary Guaranty limited in the manner contemplated by Section 1.03(a), (b) or (c) of the Agreed Credit Support Principles.

Reduced Guaranty Foreign Subsidiary means any Foreign Subsidiary Guarantor that has executed a Reduced Guaranty.

Reduced Guaranty Investment Cap means any limit on Investments in a Foreign Subsidiary imposed by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the last sentence of the Agreed Credit Support Principles.

Refinanced Debt has the meaning specified in the definition of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness.

Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a).

-54-

Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a).

Refinancing Term Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a).

Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c).

Regulated Bank means (i) WEX Bank or (ii) any direct or indirect insured depository institution Subsidiary of the Company that is regulated by foreign, federal or state banking regulators, including,
without limitation, the OCC, the Utah Department of Financial Institutions, the FDIC or the Federal Reserve.

Regulated Bank Lender means a (x) a commercial bank with a consolidated combined capital and surplus of at least $5,000,000,000 and that is (i) a U.S. depository institution the deposits of which are
insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; (ii) a corporation organized under section 25A of the U.S. Federal Reserve Act of 1913; (iii) a branch, agency or commercial lending company of a foreign bank operating pursuant to approval
by and under the supervision of the Board of Governors under 12 CFR part 211; (iv) a non-U.S. branch of a foreign bank managed and controlled by a U.S. branch referred to in clause (iii); or (v) any other U.S. or non-U.S. depository institution
or any branch, agency or similar office thereof supervised by a bank regulatory authority in any jurisdiction or (y) any Affiliate of a Person set forth in clause (x) above to the extent that (1) all of the capital stock of such Affiliate is
directly or indirectly owned by either (I) such Person set forth in clause (x) above or (II) a parent entity that also owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock of such Person set forth in clause (x) and (2) such Affiliate is a
securities broker or dealer registered with the SEC under Section 15 of the Exchange Act.

Related Adjustment means, in determining any Term SOFR Successor Rate, the first relevant available alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent applicable to
such Term SOFR Successor Rate:

(A) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, that has been selected or
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the relevant Pre-Adjustment Successor Rate (taking into account the interest period, interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated and/or tenor thereto) and which adjustment or
method is published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion; or

(B) the spread adjustment that would apply (or has previously been applied) to the fallback rate for a derivative
transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions (taking into account the interest period, interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated and/or tenor thereto).

Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of
such Person and of such Persons Affiliates.

-55-

Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

Relevant Jurisdiction means, in relation to a Foreign Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower, (a) its jurisdiction of incorporation or formation; (b) any jurisdiction where any asset subject to or
intended to be subject to the Liens to be created by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents is situated; (c) any jurisdiction where it conducts its business; and (d) the jurisdiction whose laws govern the perfection of any of the Collateral
Documents entered into by it.

Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events
for which the 30 day notice period has been waived on the Closing Date.

Repricing Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c).

Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, a Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter
of Credit Application, and (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice.

Required Financial Covenant Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders holding more than 50% of the sum of the (a) aggregate Term A-1 Loans outstanding, (b) Total Revolving Credit Outstandings
(with the aggregate amount of each Revolving Credit Lenders risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Revolving Credit Lender for purposes of this definition) and (c)
aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that the unused Revolving Credit Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for
purposes of making a determination of Required Revolving Credit Lenders.

Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders holding more than 50% of the sum of the (a) Total Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Revolving Credit Lenders risk
participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Revolving Credit Lender for purposes of this definition) and (b) aggregate unused Commitments; provided that the unused Revolving
Credit Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders.

Required Revolving Credit Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders holding more than 50% of the sum of the (a) Total Revolving Credit Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each
Revolving Credit Lenders risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Revolving Credit Lender for purposes of this definition) and (b) aggregate unused Revolving Credit
Commitments; provided that the unused Revolving Credit Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of
Required Revolving Credit Lenders.

-56-

Required Term A-1 Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Term A-1 Lenders holding more than 50% of the Term A-1 Facility on such date; provided that the portion of the Term A-1 Facility
held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Term A-1 Lenders.

Required Term B-2 Lenders means, as of any date of determination, at least two Term B-2 Lenders holding more than 50% of the Term B-2 Facility on such date; provided that the portion of the Term
B-2 Facility held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Term B-2 Lenders.

Required Term B-3 Lenders means, as of any date of determination, at least two Term B-3 Lenders holding more than 50% of
the Term B-3 Facility on such date; provided that the portion of the Term B-3 Facility held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Term B-3 Lenders.

Rescindable Amount has the meaning as defined in Section 2.12(b)(ii).

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a Loan Party (or the equivalent or comparable authorized
signatories for any Foreign Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower) and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party or the Specified Designated
Borrower so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the
Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership
and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower, as the case may be, and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party or the Specified Designated
Borrower, as applicable.

Restatement Agreement means that certain Restatement Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each of the lenders party thereto.

Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of the Company or any Subsidiary, or
any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity
Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the Companys stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Person thereof); provided, that payments in respect, or on account, of (i) Capped Call Transactions, Convertible Bond Hedge
Transactions and Warrant Transactions or (ii) otherwise in connection with the settlement of Convertible Bond Indebtedness (in an aggregate amount not to exceed the principal amount of such Convertible Bond Indebtedness or in lieu of issuing
fractional shares upon such conversion) shall in no event be deemed a Restricted Payment.

-57-

Revaluation Date means (a) with respect to any Loan, each of the following: (i) each date of a Borrowing of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of a
continuation of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency pursuant to Section 2.02, and (iii) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders shall
require; and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following: (i) each date of issuance of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of an amendment of any such Letter of Credit having the effect
of increasing the amount thereof (solely with respect to the increased amount), (iii) each date of any payment by the L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, and (iv) such additional dates as the
Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer shall determine or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders shall require.

Revolving Credit Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Credit Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans and Term SOFR Loans, having the same Interest
Period made by each of the Revolving Credit Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(c).

Revolving Credit Commitment means (i) prior to the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, the Original Revolving Credit Commitment and (ii) on an after the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, the 2024 Revolving
Credit Commitment. If new Revolving Credit Commitments are established after the Fifth Amendment Effective Date pursuant to an Additional Credit Extension Amendment, references to Revolving Credit Commitments herein shall mean all Revolving
Credit Commitments, unless the Additional Credit Extension Amendment provides otherwise with respect to any one or more particular references to Revolving Credit Commitments; and references to Revolving Credit Facility, Revolving Credit
Lender and Revolving Credit Loan shall also be subject to such rule of interpretation.

Revolving Credit Facility means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments at such time.

Revolving Credit Facility Availability means, at any time, the amount, if any, by which the Revolving Credit Facility exceeds the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings at such time.

Revolving Credit Lender means, at any time, any Lender that has a Revolving Credit Commitment at such time.

Revolving Credit Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(c) or an Additional Credit Extension Amendment.

Revolving Credit Note means a promissory note made by the Company in favor of a Revolving Credit Lender evidencing Revolving Credit Loans made by such Revolving Credit Lender, substantially in the form of
Exhibit C-2.

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services and any successor thereto.

-58-

Same Day Funds means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars, immediately available funds, and (b) with respect to disbursements and payments in an Alternative Currency, same day or other
funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Alternative Currency.

Sanction(s) means any economic sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys
Treasury (HMT) or other Governmental Authority with responsibility for economic sanctions.

SBI means SBI Investments, Inc., a North Dakota corporation.

Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c)(ii).

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.

Secured Parties means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders (including Designated Lenders), the L/C Issuer, the Hedge Banks, the Cash Management Banks, Foreign Obligation Providers, the
Indemnitees and each co-agent or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.05.

Securitization Assets means any accounts receivable or lease receivables, whether constituting accounts, general intangibles, chattel paper, instruments or otherwise (the Receivables) owned by the
Company or any Subsidiary (whether now existing or arising or acquired in the future), all collateral securing such Receivables, all contracts and contract rights, purchase orders, records, security interests, financing statements or other
documentation in respect of such Receivables and all guarantees, letters of credit, insurance or other agreements or arrangements supporting or securing payment in respect of such Receivables or any of the foregoing, all lockboxes and
collection accounts in respect of such Receivables, all collections and proceeds of such Receivables, any warranty, indemnity, dilution or other claim arising out of the foregoing, and other assets which are of the type customarily granted or
transferred in connection with securitization transactions involving receivables similar to such Receivables.

Securitization Transaction means, with respect to any Person, any financing transaction or series of financing transactions (including factoring arrangements) pursuant to which such Person or any
Subsidiary of such Person may sell, convey or otherwise transfer, or grant a security interest in, accounts, general intangibles, chattel paper, instruments, payments, receivables, rights to future lease payments or residuals or similar rights
to payment to a special purpose subsidiary or affiliate of such Person.

Senior Representative means, with respect to any series of Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement to be secured on the Collateral on a pari passu or junior or
subordinated basis, the trustee, administrative agent, collateral agent, security agent or similar agent under the indenture or agreement pursuant to which such Indebtedness is issued, incurred or otherwise obtained, as the case may be, and
each of their successors in such capacities.

-59-

Seventh Amendment means that certain Seventh Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 6,
2025, by and among the Borrowers, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent.

Seventh Amendment Co-Managers has the meaning assigned to such term in the Seventh Amendment.

Seventh Amendment Effective Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the Seventh Amendment.

Seventh Amendment Joint Lead Arrangers has the meaning assigned to such term in the Seventh Amendment.

Sixth Amendment means that certain Sixth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 26, 2024, by and among the Borrowers, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative
Agent.

Sixth Amendment Consenting Term B-1 Lenders means, collectively, the Converting Consenting Term B-1 Lenders and the Non-Converting Consenting Term B-1 Lenders.

Sixth Amendment Effective Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the Sixth Amendment.

Sixth Amendment Joint Lead Arrangers has the meaning assigned to such term in the Sixth Amendment.

SOFR means with respect to any applicable determination date the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding such date by the SOFR
Administrator on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks website (or any successor source); provided however that if such determination date is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, then SOFR means such rate that applied on the
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto.

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of SOFR, or any successor administrator of SOFR designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other Person acting
as the SOFR Administrator at such time that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.

Solvency Certificate means a certificate signed by the chief financial officer of the Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit N.

Solvent means, as to any Person, such Person (a) owns property whose fair salable value is greater than the amount required to pay all of its debts (including contingent liabilities) as they mature; (b)
has capital that is not unreasonably small for its business and is sufficient to carry on its business and transactions and all business and transactions in which it is about to engage and (c) is not insolvent within the meaning of Section
101(32) of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States (or insolvent within the meaning of equivalent Laws of such Persons jurisdiction of incorporation). Fair salable value means the amount that could be obtained for assets within a
reasonable time, either through collection or through sale under ordinary selling conditions by a capable and diligent seller to an interested buyer who is willing (but under no compulsion) to purchase.

-60-

SONIA means the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be
designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) for the SONIA Determination Date with respect to such day.

SONIA Adjustment means, with respect to SONIA, 0.0326% per annum.

SONIA Determination Date means, with respect to any date of determination of SONIA, the date that is one Business Day prior to such date (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the first Business Day
immediately prior thereto).

SONIA Rate means the rate per annum equal to SONIA determined pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SONIA Adjustment; provided that if the SONIA Rate shall be less than zero, such
rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.

SONIA Rate Loan means a Revolving Credit Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the SONIA Rate. SONIA Rate Loans shall only be denominated in Sterling.

Special Interest Period has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a).

Special Notice Currency means at any time an Alternative Currency, other than the currency of a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development at such time located in
North America or Europe.

Specified Cash Management Agreement means any Cash Management Agreement that is entered into by and between any Loan Party and any Cash Management Bank.

Specified Designated Borrower means WEX Card Holdings Australia Pty Ltd ACN 123 181 635, a proprietary limited company formed under the laws of Australia. The Specified Designated Borrower shall have no
right to request or receive Credit Extensions until the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.03 have been satisfied.

Specified Earnout Obligations means any earn out or contingent consideration obligations or purchase price adjustments until such obligations (i) have become a liability on the balance sheet of the
relevant Person in accordance with GAAP and (ii) have not been paid within 30 days after becoming due and payable in accordance with the terms thereof.

Specified Foreign Loan Party has the meaning specified in Section 10.23(a).

Specified Hedge Agreement means any Swap Contract permitted under Articles VI and VII that is entered into by and between any Loan Party and any Hedge Bank.

-61-

Specified Representations means the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 5.01(a), 5.01(b)(ii), 5.02 (other than clauses (b) and (c) thereof), 5.04, 5.14,
5.20(a), 5.23(ii) and 5.24 (solely with respect to the use of proceeds of the relevant Credit Extension).

Spot Rate for a currency means the rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, to be the rate quoted by the Person acting in such capacity as the spot rate for the
purchase by such Person of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11:00 a.m. local time on the date two Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange
computation is made; providedthat the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer
if the Person acting in such capacity does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency; provided, further, that the L/C Issuer may use such spot rate quoted on the date as of which the
foreign exchange computation is made in the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency.

Standard Securitization Undertakings means those obligations and undertakings entered into by the Company, a Subsidiary of the Company or any Permitted Securitization Entity which are determined in good
faith by the Company to be customary in securitization transactions involving accounts receivable and other assets of the type described in the definition of Securitization Assets, so long as such obligations and undertakings are (i) on terms
and conditions consistent with the sale treatment of Securitization Assets in a transaction that results in a legal true sale of Securitization Assets in accordance with the laws of the applicable jurisdiction and (ii) not inconsistent with
the treatment of the transfer of Securitization Assets in a transaction as a legal true sale and otherwise consistent with customary securitization undertakings in accordance with the laws of the applicable jurisdiction; provided that
Standard Securitization Undertakings shall not include any guaranty or other obligation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Permitted Securitization Entity) with respect to any Securitization Asset that is not collected, not
paid or otherwise uncollectible on account of the insolvency, bankruptcy, creditworthiness or financial inability to pay of the applicable obligor with respect to such Securitization Asset.

Sterling and mean the lawful currency of the United Kingdom.

Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary
voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is
otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person; provided that no Escrow Subsidiary shall be deemed to be a Subsidiary of the Company prior to the Escrow Release Effective Time. 
Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company.

Subsidiary Guaranties means the Domestic Subsidiary Guaranty and each Foreign Subsidiary Guaranty.

-62-

Subsidiary Guarantors means, collectively, the Domestic Subsidiary Guarantors and the Foreign Subsidiary Guarantors.

Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(e).

Supported QFC has the meaning specified in Section 10.28.

Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity
or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor
transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter
into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or
governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any
related schedules, a Master Agreement), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement; provided, that none of the foregoing transactions described in clauses (a) or (b), to the extent entered into in
connection with Convertible Bond Indebtedness, Capped Call Transactions, Convertible Bond Hedge Transactions and Warrant Transactions, shall constitute Swap Contracts.

Swap Obligations means with respect to any Loan Party any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the
Commodity Exchange Act.

Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any
date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined
as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate
of a Lender).

Swing Line Borrowing means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to Section 2.04.

Swing Line Lender means Bank of America in its capacity as provider of Swing Line Loans, or any successor swing line lender hereunder.

Swing Line Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a).

-63-

Swing Line Loan Notice means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b), which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B or such other form as approved by the
Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approve by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company.

Swing Line Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $50,000,000 and (b) the Revolving Credit Facility. The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Facility.

Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property
creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment).

TARGET Day means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on 19
November 2007 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro.

Tax Receivable Agreement means that certain Tax Receivable Agreement dated February 22, 2005, between the Company, Cendant Corporation and Cendant Mobility Services Corporation.

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges in the nature of a tax imposed by any
Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term A Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Term A Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Term A Lenders pursuant
to Section 2.01(a).

Term A Commitment means (i) with respect to each Consenting Term A-3 Lender, the commitment of such Lender to convert its Existing Term A Loans for an equal aggregate
principal amount of Term A Loans on the Closing Date pursuant to the Restatement Agreement, (ii) with respect to each Additional Term A Lender, its Additional Term A Commitment and (iii) with respect to each Incremental Term A Lender, its
Incremental Term A Commitment.

Term A Facility means (i) at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, the aggregate amount of the Term A Commitments at such time and (ii) at any time after the Closing Date, the aggregate amount of the
Term A Loans (including the Incremental Term A Loans) at such time.

Term A Lender means (i) at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, any Lender that holds Term A Commitments at such time and (ii) at any time after the Closing Date, any Lender that holds Term A Loans at
such time.

-64-

Term A Loan means an advance made by any Term A Lender under the Term A Facility. The aggregate principal amount of Term A Loans as of the Closing Date (after giving effect to the Incremental Term A
Loans) is $978,432,863.34.

Term A-1 Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Term A-1 Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Term A-1 Lenders
pursuant to Section 2.01(e).

Term A-1 Commitment means (i) with respect to each Fifth Amendment Consenting Term A Lender, the commitment of such Lender to convert its Term A Loans for an equal aggregate principal amount of Term A-1
Loans on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date pursuant to the Fifth Amendment, (ii) with respect to the Additional Term A-1 Lenders, its Additional Term A-1 Commitment and (iii) with respect to the Incremental Term A-1 Lenders, its Incremental
Term A-1 Commitment. The aggregate amount of the Term A-1 Commitments as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date is $900,000,000 and (x) the Additional Term A-1 Commitment of each Additional Term A-1 Lender as of the Fifth Amendment Effective
Date is set forth on Schedule I to the Fifth Amendment and (y) the Incremental Term A-1 Commitment of each Incremental Term A-1 Lender as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date is set forth on Schedule I to the Fifth Amendment.

Term A-1 Facility means (i) at any time on or prior to the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Term A-1 Commitment at such time and (ii) at any time after the Fifth Amendment
Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Term A-1 Loans at such time.

Term A-1 Lender means (i) at any time on or prior to the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, any Lender that holds the Term A-1 Commitment at such time and (ii) at any time after the Fifth Amendment Effective
Date, any Lender that holds Term A-1 Loans at such time.

Term A-1 Loan means an advance made by any Term A-1 Lender under the Term A-1 Facility. The aggregate principal amount of Term A-1 Loans as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date (after giving effect to the
Incremental Term A-1 Loans) is $900,000,000.

Term B Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Term B Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Term B Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(b).

Term B Commitment means, with respect to the Term B Lender on the Closing Date, its commitment to make a Term B Loan on the Closing Date in the amount set forth opposite
such Term B Lenders name in Schedule I.

Term B Facility means (i) at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, the aggregate amount of the Term B Commitment at such time and (ii) at any time after the Closing Date, the aggregate amount of the
Term B Loans at such time.

Term B Lender means (i) at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, any Lender that holds the Term B Commitment at such time and (ii) at any time after the Closing Date, any Lender that holds Term B Loans
at such time.

-65-

Term B Loan means an advance made by any Term B Lender under the Term B Facility.

Term B-1 Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Term B-1 Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Term B-1 Lenders
pursuant to Section 2.01(d).

Term B-1 Commitment (i) with respect to each Fourth Amendment Consenting Term B Lender, the commitment of such Lender to convert its Term B Loans for an equal aggregate principal amount of Term B-1 Loans
on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date pursuant to the Fourth Amendment and (ii) with respect to the Additional Term B-1 Lenders, its Additional Term B-1 Commitment.

Term B-1 Facility means (i) at any time on or prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Term B-1 Commitment at such time and (ii) at any time after the Fourth Amendment
Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Term B-1 Loans at such time.

Term B-1 Lender means (i) at any time on or prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, any Lender that holds the Term B-1 Commitment at such time and (ii) at any time after the Fourth Amendment
Effective Date, any Lender that holds Term B-1 Loans at such time.

Term B-1 Loan means an advance made by any Term B-1 Lender under the Term B-1 Facility.

Term B-2 Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Term B-2 Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Term B-2 Lenders
pursuant to Section 2.01(f).

Term B-2 Commitment (i) with respect to each Sixth Amendment Consenting Term B-1 Lender, the commitment of such Lender to convert its Term B-1 Loans for an equal aggregate principal amount of Term B-2
Loans on the Sixth Amendment Effective Date pursuant to the Sixth Amendment and (ii) with respect to the Additional Term B-2 Lenders, its Additional Term B-2 Commitment.

Term B-2 Facility means (i) at any time on or prior to the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Term B-2 Commitment at such time and (ii) at any time after the Sixth Amendment
Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Term B-2 Loans at such time.

Term B-2 Lender means (i) at any time on or prior to the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, any Lender that holds the Term B-2 Commitment at such time and (ii) at any time after the Sixth Amendment Effective
Date, any Lender that holds Term B-2 Loans at such time.

Term B-2 Loan means an advance made by any Term B-2 Lender under the Term B-2 Facility. The aggregate principal amount of Term B-2 Loans as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date is $1,391,827,412.50.

-66-

Term B-3 Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Term B-3 Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term
SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Term B-3 Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(g).

Term B-3 Commitment means, with respect to each Term B-3 Lender, its commitment to make a Term B-3 Loan on the Seventh
Amendment Effective Date in an amount equal to $450,000,000.

Term B-3 Facility means (i) at any time on or prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the
Term B-3 Commitment at such time and (ii) at any time after the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Term B-3 Loans at such time.

Term B-3 Lender means the Person identified as such on the signature page to the Seventh Amendment.

Term B-3 Loan means an advance made by any Term B-3 Lender under the Term B-3 Facility. The aggregate principal amount of
Term B-3 Loans as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date is $450,000,000.00.

Term B-3 Repricing Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c).

Term Borrowing means either a Term A-1 Borrowing or, Term B-2 Borrowing or Term B-3 Borrowing or a borrowing of any term
loan established pursuant to an Additional Credit Extension Amendment.

Term Commitment means either a Term A-1 Commitment or, Term B-2 Commitment or Term B-3 Commitment or any term loan
commitment established pursuant to an Additional Credit Extension Amendment.

Term CORRA Rate has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate.

Term Facilities means, at any time, the Term A-1 Facility, the Term B-2 Facility, the Term B-3
Facility and any term loan credit facilities established pursuant to an Additional Credit Extension Amendment.

Term Lender means, at any time, a Term A Lender, Term A-1 Lender, Term B Lender, Term B-1 Lender, Term B-2 Lender, Term B-3 Lender or any other Lender that holds Term Loans at such time.

Term Loan means a Term A-1 Loan, a Term B-2 Loan, a Term B-3 Loan or any term loan
established pursuant to an Additional Credit Extension Amendment.

Term Note means a promissory note made by the Company in favor of a Term Lender evidencing Term Loans made by such Term Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C1.

Term SOFR means:

-67-

(a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days
prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto; and

(b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term
SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such date with a term of one month commencing that day; providedthat if the rate
is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto;

provided that if Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, Term SOFR shall be
deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement.

Term SOFR Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR or any proposed Term SOFR Successor Rate, Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR, as
applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate, SOFR, Term SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR and Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative
or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of
lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate
exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document).

Term SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR.

Term SOFR Replacement Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c).

Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable
discretion) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time).

Term SOFR Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c).

-68-

Test Period means, as of any date of determination, the last period of four fiscal quarters of the Company for which financial statements shall have been (or were required to have been) delivered in
accordance with Section 6.01(a) or (b).

Third Amendment means that Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2023, by and among the Borrowers, the Specified Designated Borrower, the Administrative
Agent, the Swing Line Lender, the L/C Issuer and the 2023 Incremental Revolving Lenders.

Third Amendment Effective Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the Third Amendment.

Threshold Amount means $150,000,000.

Title Company has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.13(c)(ii).

Total Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations.

Total Revolving Credit Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans and L/C Obligations.

Transformative Acquisition means any Acquisition or Investment by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that (i) is not permitted by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents immediately
prior to the consummation of such Acquisition or Investment or (ii) if permitted by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction, such this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents would not provide the Company and its Subsidiaries with adequate flexibility under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents for the continuation and/or expansion of their combined operations following such consummation, as
determined by the Company acting in good faith, in consultation with the Administrative Agent.

Treaty Lender means a Lender which:

(a) is treated as a resident of a Treaty State for the purposes of a Treaty with the United Kingdom; and

(b) does not carry on a business in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment with which that Lenders participation in the Loan is effectively connected.

Treaty State means a jurisdiction having a double taxation agreement (a Treaty) with the United Kingdom which makes provision for full exemption from tax, or a reduction in tax, imposed by the
United Kingdom on interest.

Type means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, a Term SOFR Loan, a Daily Simple SOFR Loan or a SONIA Rate Loan.

-69-

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York; provided, however, that, at any time, if by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all
of the perfection or priority of any Secured Partys security interest in any item or portion of the Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the term UCC shall
mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect, at such time, in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection or priority and for purposes of definitions relating to such provisions.

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any
person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such
credit institutions or investment firms.

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

Unfunded Pension Liability means the excess of a Pension Plans benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plans assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year.

United States and U.S. mean the United States of America.

Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i).

USA PATRIOT Act means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)).

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable.

U.S. IP Security Agreements the Copyright Security Agreement, Patent Security Agreement and Trademark Security Agreement (as each such term is defined in the U.S. Security Agreement and to the extent
applicable) delivered in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement (together with each other intellectual property security agreement delivered pursuant to Section 6.13), in each case, as amended or supplemented.

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

-70-

U.S. Security Agreement means the U.S. Security Agreement dated as of July 1, 2016 among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. as collateral agent, as amended,
amended restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (together with each other security agreement and security agreement supplement delivered pursuant to Section 6.13(a), duly executed by each applicable Loan Party).

U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified in Section 10.28.

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(III).

Warrant Transactions means one or more call options referencing the Companys common stock written by the Company substantially contemporaneously with the purchase by the Company of Convertible Bond Hedge
Transactions and having an initial strike or exercise price (howsoever defined) greater than the strike or exercise price (howsoever defined) of such Convertible Bond Hedge Transactions.

Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each
then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse
between such date and the making of such payment by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness.

WES means WEX Europe Services Limited, a private company limited by shares incorporated under the Laws of England and Wales with registered number 08284241.

WES Entity means WES or any direct or indirect Subsidiary thereof.

WES Stock Pledge Documents means each agreement executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the applicable Secured Parties under Section 6.13(g) pursuant to which the
Equity Interests of a WES Stock Pledge Subsidiary are pledged to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the applicable Secured Parties to secure the Foreign Obligations as provided for therein.

WES Stock Pledge Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of WES designated as such pursuant to Section 6.13(g).

WEX Bank means WEX Bank, a Utah industrial bank.

WEX International Holdings means Wright Express International Holdings Limited, a private company limited by shares incorporated under the Laws of England and Wales with registered number 08008714.

Wholly-Owned means, with respect to any Subsidiary of any Person, the ownership all of the outstanding Equity Interests of such Subsidiary (other than directors qualifying shares) by such Person or one or
more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person.

-71-

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In
Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under
the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares,
securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the
powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.

1.02Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference
to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document:

(a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the
corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to
have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as
referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan
Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns, (iii) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import when used in any Loan
Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to
Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting
such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be
construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.

(b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including; the words to and until each mean to but
excluding; and the word through means to and including.

(c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document.

-72-

(d) Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a
division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation,
consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any
limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity).

1.03Accounting Terms.

(a) Generally. All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial
calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the
Historical Financial Statements set forth in clause (a)(x) of the definition thereof, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein; provided that for purposes of any determinations associated with leases, including,
without limitation, determinations of whether such leases are capital leases, the amount of any capital lease obligations associated with such leases, and the amount of operating expenses associated with such leases, Attributable Indebtedness,
Consolidated EBITDA, Operating Interest Expense, Indebtedness, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio and the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio shall be determined based on GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2018.

(b) Changes in GAAP. Subject to the proviso in foregoing clause (a), if at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any requirement, including any financial ratio, set
forth in any Loan Document, and either the Company or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Company shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent
thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein
and (ii) the Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of
such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP.

1.04Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be
maintained by the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and
rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).

-73-

1.05Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents.

(a) The Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, shall determine the Spot Rates as of each Revaluation Date to be used for calculating Dollar Equivalent amounts of Credit Extensions and
Outstanding Amounts denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Spot Rates shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Spot Rates employed in converting any amounts between the applicable currencies until the next
Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by Loan Parties hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency (other than
Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable.

(b) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Revolving Credit Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of
Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Revolving Credit Borrowing, Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the
relevant Alternative Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be.

1.06Additional Alternative Currencies.

(a) The Company may from time to time request that Eurocurrency Rate Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility be made and/or Letters of Credit be issued in a currency other than those specifically listed
in the definition of Alternative Currency; provided that such requested currency is an Eligible Currency. In the case of any such request with respect to the making of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, such request shall be subject to the
approval of the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Credit Lenders in their sole discretion; and in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit, such request shall be subject to the approval of the
Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer in their sole discretion.

(b) Any such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m., New York time, 20 Business Days prior to the date of the desired Credit Extension (or such other time or date as
may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and, in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the L/C Issuer, in its or their sole discretion). In the case of any such request pertaining to Eurocurrency Rate Loans, the
Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Credit Lender thereof; and in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the L/C Issuer thereof. Each Revolving Credit
Lender (in the case of any such request pertaining to Eurocurrency Rate Loans) or the L/C Issuer (in the case of a request pertaining to Letters of Credit) shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York time, ten
Business Days after receipt of such request whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit, as the case may be, in such requested currency.

-74-

(c) Any failure by a Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Lender or
the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to permit Eurocurrency Rate Loans to be made or Letters of Credit to be issued in such requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and all the Appropriate Lenders consent to making Eurocurrency Rate
Loans in such requested currency and the Administrative Agent and such Lenders reasonably determine that an appropriate interest rate is available to be used for such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Company and
(i) the Administrative Agent and such Lenders may amend the definition of Eurocurrency Rate to the extent necessary to add the applicable Eurocurrency Rate for such currency and (ii) to the extent the definition of Eurocurrency Rate reflects
the appropriate interest rate for such currency or has been amended to reflect the appropriate rate for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency for purposes of any Borrowings of
Eurocurrency Rate Loans. If the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Company and (A) the Administrative Agent and the L/C
Issuer may amend the definition of Eurocurrency Rate to the extent necessary to add the applicable Eurocurrency Rate for such currency and (B) to the extent the definition of Eurocurrency Rate reflects the appropriate interest rate for such
currency or has been amended to reflect the appropriate rate for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency, for purposes of any Letter of Credit issuances. If the Administrative Agent
shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.06, the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Company.

1.07Change of Currency.

(a) Each obligation of the Borrowers to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of the European Union that adopts the Euro as its lawful currency after the Closing Date
shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption (in accordance with the EMU Legislation). If, in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect of that
currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the London interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with effect from
the date on which such member state adopts the Euro as its lawful currency; provided that if any Revolving Credit Borrowing in the currency of such member state is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take
effect, with respect to such Revolving Credit Borrowing, at the end of the then current Interest Period.

(b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the
Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the Euro.

(c) Each provision of this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in
currency of any other country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency.

1.08Times of Day and Timing of Payment and Performance. 
Unless otherwise specified, (1) all references herein to times of day shall be references to Easterntime (daylight or standard, as applicable) and (2) when the payment of any
obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such or performance payment (other than as otherwise set forth herein) shall extend
to the immediately succeeding Business Day.

-75-

1.09Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise
specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however, that with respect to any Letter
of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the
maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time.

1.10Limited Condition Transaction. In connection
with any action being taken in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction (including any contemplated incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness in connection therewith), for purposes of:

(a) determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement that requires the calculation of any financial ratio, test or basket (including the calculation of the
Incremental Cap and baskets measured as a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets); or

(b) determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement which requires the accuracy of any representations and warranties and/or that no Default or Event of Default (or
any subset of Defaults or Events of Default) shall have occurred, is continuing or would result therefrom (including the applicable conditions to the effectiveness of the establishment or incurrence of an Incremental Facility), in each case, at
the option of the Company (the Companys election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, an LCT Election), which LCT Election shall be in writing and delivered to the Administrative Agent on or prior to
the date of execution of the definitive agreements or submission of irrevocable notice or, solely with respect to the 2025 Share Repurchase,
the commencement of a tender offer (notwithstanding whether the 2025 Share Repurchase is consummated in its entirety in reliance on such tender offer), as applicable, with respect to such Limited Condition Transaction (it being understood and agreed that, as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, the Company has delivered an LCT Election with respect to
the 2025 Share Repurchase), the date of determination of whether any such action is permitted hereunder, shall be deemed to be the date the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Transaction is entered into or the date
irrevocable notice for such Limited Condition Transaction is given (the LCT Test Date), and if, after giving pro forma effect to the Limited Condition Transaction and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith
(including any incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens and the use of proceeds thereof) as if they had occurred at the beginning of the most recent Test Period ending prior to the LCT Test Date, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries would have
been permitted to take such action on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with such ratio, test, basket, representations, warranties, Defaults or Events of Default, such ratio, test, basket, representations, warranties, Defaults or Events
of Default shall be deemed to have been complied with.

-76-

For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company has made an LCT Election and any of the ratios, tests or baskets for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date would have
failed to have been satisfied, or any representation or warranty would have been breached, or any Default or Event of Default would have occurred, in each case as a result of fluctuations in any such ratio, test or basket, including due to
fluctuations in Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets or fluctuations of the target of such Limited Condition Transaction, or as a result of any breach of representation or warranty or the occurrence of any Default or Event of
Default or other event, in each case at or prior to the consummation of the relevant transaction or action, such baskets, tests or ratios will not be deemed to have failed to have been satisfied as a result of such fluctuations, such
representation or warranty shall not be deemed to have been breached, and (solely for the purposes of any Default or Event of Default blocker) such default or event of default shall be deemed not to have occurred. If the Company has made an LCT
Election for any Limited Condition Transaction, then, in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio, test or basket (excluding determinations of actual compliance with Section 7.11 and determinations of the Applicable Rate)
on or following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the date that the definitive agreement or date for redemption,
repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment specified in an irrevocable notice for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated, expires or passes, as applicable, without consummation of such Limited Condition
Transaction, for purposes of determining whether such ratio, test or basket availability has been complied with under this Agreement, any such ratio, test or basket shall be required to be satisfied on a Pro Forma Basis assuming such Limited
Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated.

1.11Interest Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept
responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Term SOFR Successor Rate or any Successor Rate) (or
any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Term SOFR Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that
affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Term SOFR Successor Rate or any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread
or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any
alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Term SOFR Successor Rate or any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no
liability to the Borrowers, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or
otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by, any such information source or service.

-77-

1.12Certain Determinations.

(a) If any of the baskets set forth in this Agreement are exceeded solely as a result of fluctuations to Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets for the most recently completed fiscal quarter
after the last time such baskets were calculated for any purpose under this Agreement, such baskets will not be deemed to have been exceeded solely as a result of such fluctuations.

(b) For purposes of determining compliance with any of the covenants set forth in Article VII (including in connection with any Incremental Facility) at any time (whether at the time of incurrence or
thereafter), any Lien, Investment, Indebtedness, Restricted Payment or Disposition meets the criteria of one, or more than one, of the categories permitted under Article VII (including in connection with any Incremental Facility), the Company
(i) shall in its sole discretion determine under which category such Lien (other than Liens securing the Obligations), Investment, Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred under the Loan Documents), Disposition or Restricted Payment (or,
in each case, any portion thereof) is permitted and (ii) shall be permitted, in its sole discretion, to make any redetermination and/or to divide, classify or reclassify under which category or categories such Lien, Investment, Indebtedness,
Disposition or Restricted Payment transaction is permitted from time to time as it may determine so long as at the time of such redesignation the Company would be permitted to incur such Lien, Investment, Indebtedness or Restricted Payment
under such category or categories, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a portion of any applicable Lien, Investment, Indebtedness, Restricted Payment or Disposition could be classified as incurred under a ratio-based
basket (giving pro forma effect to such transaction), the Company, in its sole discretion, may classify such portion as having been incurred pursuant to such ratio-based basket and thereafter the remainder as having been incurred pursuant to
one or more of the other available baskets.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if any incurrence-based financial ratios or tests (including, without limitation, any Consolidated Leverage Ratio,
Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio and/or Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio tests) (Financial Incurrence Tests) would be satisfied in any subsequent fiscal quarter following the utilization of either (x) fixed baskets, exceptions
or thresholds (including any related builder or grower component) that do not require compliance with a financial ratio or test (Fixed Amounts) or (y) baskets, exceptions and thresholds that require compliance with a financial ratio or
test (including, without limitation, any Consolidated Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio and/or Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio tests tests) (any such amounts, Incurrence-Based Amounts), then the reclassification
of actions or transactions (or portions thereof), including the reclassification of utilization of any Fixed Amounts as incurred under any available Incurrence-Based Amounts, shall be deemed to have automatically occurred even if not elected by
the Company (unless the Company otherwise notifies the Administrative Agent).

-78-

ARTICLE II

THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS

2.01The Loans.

(a) The Term A Borrowing. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Restatement Agreement, (i) each Additional Term A Lender agrees to make
a Term A Loan to the Company on the Closing Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Additional Term A- Commitment, (ii) each Converting Consenting Term A-3 Lender agrees to have all of its outstanding Existing Term A Loans (or
such lesser amount as notified and allocated to such Converting Consenting Term A-3 Lender by the Administrative Agent, as determined by the Company and the Administrative Agent in their sole discretion) converted to an equivalent principal
amount of Term A Loans effective as of the Closing Date and (iii) each Non-Converting Consenting Term A-3 Lender agrees to have all of its outstanding Existing Term A Loans prepaid and will purchase by assignment from the Additional Term A
Lenders Term A Loans in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Existing Term A Loans (or such lesser amount as notified and allocated to such Non-Converting Consenting Term A-3 Lender by the Administrative Agent, as
determined by the Company and the Administrative Agent in their sole discretion). Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(a) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term A Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as further provided herein.

(b) The Term B Borrowing. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Restatement Agreement, each Term B Lender agrees to make a Term B Loan
to the Company on the Closing Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Term B- Commitment. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(b) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term B Loans may be Base Rate Loans or
Term SOFR Loans, as further provided herein.

(c) The Revolving Credit Borrowings. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Credit Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Revolving Credit Loan)
to the Borrowers in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lenders Revolving
Credit Commitment; provided, however, that after giving effect to any Revolving Credit Borrowing, (i) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Facility, (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount
of the Revolving Credit Loans of any Revolving Credit Lender, plus such Revolving Credit Lenders Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Revolving Credit Lenders
Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment, (iii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans made to
the Designated Borrowers shall not exceed the Designated Borrower Sublimit and (iv) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies shall not exceed the Alternative Currency Sublimit. 
Within the limits of each Lenders Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.01(c), prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.01(c). 
Revolving Credit Loans may be Base Rate Loans, Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans, SONIA Rate Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans, as further provided herein.

-79-

(d) The Term B-1 Borrowing. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Fourth Amendment, (i) the Additional Term B-1 Lender agrees to make a Term B-1 Loan to the Company on the
Fourth Amendment Effective Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Additional Term B-1 Commitment, (ii) each Converting Consenting Term B Lender agrees to have all of its outstanding Term B Loans (or such lesser amount as
notified and allocated to such Converting Consenting Term B Lender by the Fourth Amendment Joint Lead Arrangers, as determined by the Company and the Fourth Amendment Joint Lead Arrangers in their sole discretion) converted to an equivalent
principal amount of Term B-1 Loans effective as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and (iii) each Non-Converting Consenting Term B Lender agrees to have all of its outstanding Term B Loans prepaid and will purchase by assignment from the
Additional Term B-1 Lender Term B-1 Loans in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Term B Loans (or such lesser amount as notified and allocated to such Non-Converting Consenting Term B Lender by the Fourth Amendment Joint
Lead Arrangers, as determined by the Fourth Amendment Joint Lead Arrangers and the Administrative Agent in their sole discretion). Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(d) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term B-1 Loans
may be Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as further provided herein.

(e) The Term A-1 Borrowing. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Fifth Amendment, (i) the Additional Term A-1 Lenders agree to make a Term A-1 Loan to the Company on the
Fifth Amendment Effective Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Additional Term A-1 Commitment, (ii) each Converting Consenting Term A Lender agrees to have all of its outstanding Term A Loans (or such lesser amount as
notified and allocated to such Converting Consenting Term A Lender by the Administrative Agent, as determined by the Company and the Administrative Agent in their sole discretion) converted to an equivalent principal amount of Term A-1 Loans
effective as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date and (iii) the Incremental Term A-1 Lenders agree to make a Term A-1 Loan to the Company on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Incremental Term
A-1 Commitment. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(e) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term A-1 Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as further provided herein.

(f) The Term B-2 Borrowing. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Sixth Amendment, (i) the Additional Term B-2 Lender agrees to make a Term B-2 Loan to the Company on the
Sixth Amendment Effective Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Additional Term B-2 Commitment, (ii) each Converting Consenting Term B-1 Lender agrees to have all of its outstanding Term B-1 Loans (or such lesser amount as
notified and allocated to such Converting Consenting Term B-1 Lender by the Sixth Amendment Joint Lead Arrangers, as determined by the Company and the Sixth Amendment Joint Lead Arrangers in their sole discretion) converted to an equivalent
principal amount of Term B-2 Loans effective as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date and (iii) each Non-Converting Consenting Term B-1 Lender agrees to have all of its outstanding Term B-1 Loans prepaid and will purchase by assignment from the
Additional Term B-2 Lender Term B-2 Loans in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Term B-1 Loans (or such lesser amount as notified and allocated to such Non-Converting Consenting Term B-1 Lender by the Sixth Amendment Joint
Lead Arrangers, as determined by the Sixth Amendment Joint Lead Arrangers and the Administrative Agent in their sole discretion). Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(f) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term B-2 Loans
may be Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as further provided herein.

-80-

(g)The Term B-3 Borrowing. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Seventh Amendment, each Term B-3 Lender agrees to make a Term B-3 Loan to the Company on the Seventh Amendment
Effective Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Term B-3 Commitment. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(g) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term B-3 Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as
further provided herein.

2.02Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans.

(a) Each Borrowing (other than pursuant to Sections 2.01(a)(ii), 2.01(b)(ii)), 2.01(d)(ii), 2.01(e)(ii) or 2.01(f)(ii)), each conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans shall
be made upon the Companys irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative
Agent of a Loan Notice. Each such Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. (i) two Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or of
any conversion of Term SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans or to Daily Simple SOFR Loans, (ii) three Business Days (or five Business Days in the case of a Special Notice Currency)prior to the requested date of any Borrowing or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies or SONIA Rate Loans, and (iii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, any
Borrowing of Daily Simple SOFR Loans or any conversion of Base Rate Loans to Daily Simple SOFR Loans; provided, however, that if the Company wishes to request Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans having an Interest Period
other than one, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period (a Special Interest Period), the applicable notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. (i) four
Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Term SOFR Loans, or (ii) five Business Days (or six Business Days in the case of a Special Notice Currency) prior to the requested date of such
Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies for a Special Interest Period, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Lenders of such request and determine
whether the requested Special Interest Period is acceptable to all of them. Not later than 12:00 noon, (i) three Business Days before the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Term SOFR Loans, or (ii) four Business
Days (or five Business Days in the case of a Special Notice Currency) prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies, the Administrative Agent shall
notify the Company (which notice may be by telephone) whether or not the requested Special Interest Period has been consented to by all the Lenders. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans
or SONIA Rate Loans and Borrowing of or conversion to Daily Simple SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Section 2.03(c) and Section
2.04(c), each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof. Each Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the Company is requesting a Term A-1
Borrowing, a Term B-2 Borrowing, a Term B-3 Borrowing, a Revolving Credit Borrowing or a Borrowing of any other Class of Loans,
a conversion of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which
shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Loans are to be converted, (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period
with respect thereto, (vi) the currency of the Revolving Credit Loans to be borrowed, and (vii) if applicable, the Designated Borrower. If the Company fails to specify a currency in a Loan Notice requesting a Borrowing, then the Revolving
Credit Loans so requested shall be made in Dollars. If the Company fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice or if the Company fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Term Loans or
Revolving Credit Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans; provided, however, that in the case of a failure to timely request a continuation of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, such
Loans shall be continued as Eurocurrency Rate Loans in their original currency with an Interest Period of one month. Any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with
respect to the applicable Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans. If the Company requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans in any such Loan Notice, but fails to specify an
Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month (except in the case of the initial Interest Period for the Term A-1 Loans and, Term B-2 Loans and Term B-3 Loans, which shall each be determined in accordance with the definition of
Interest Period). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) a Swing Line Loan may not be converted to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Daily Simple SOFR Loan, (ii) Term Loans shall at all times be maintained in Dollars and (iii)
no Revolving Credit Loan may be converted into or continued as a Revolving Credit Loan denominated in a different currency, but instead must be prepaid in the original currency of such Revolving Credit Loan and reborrowed in the other currency.

-81-

(b) Following receipt of a Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount (and, in the case of Revolving Credit Loans, currency) of its Applicable Percentage under
the applicable Facility of the applicable Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any
automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans, or continuation of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in a currency other than Dollars, in each case described in Section 2.02(a). In the case of a Term Borrowing or a Revolving Credit
Borrowing, each Appropriate Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agents Office for the applicable currency not later than 3:00 p.m., in the case of any Loan
denominated in Dollars, and not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of any Revolving Credit Loan in an Alternative Currency, in each case on the Business Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice. 
Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension to the Specified Designated Borrower, Section 4.03), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds
so received available to the Company or the other applicable Borrower not later than 5:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the Loan Notice in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of such
Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Company; provided,
however, that if, on the date that a Loan Notice with respect to a Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars is given by the Company, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing, first,
shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and, second, shall be made available to the applicable Borrower as provided above.

-82-

(c) During the existence of a Default, no Loans denominated in Dollars may be requested as, converted or continued as, Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans, and no Loans
denominated in any Alternative Currency may be requested (but Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency may be converted or continued) as Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SONIA Rate Loans, without the consent of the Required Lenders, and during
the existence of an Event of Default, the Required Lenders may demand that any or all of the then outstanding Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency be prepaid, or redenominated into Dollars in the amount of the Dollar
Equivalent thereof, on the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto.

(d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans upon determination of
such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders of any change in Bank of Americas prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the
public announcement of such change.

(e) After giving effect to all Term A-1 Borrowings, all conversions of Term A-1 Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Term A Loans and Term A-1 Loans as the same Type, there shall not
be more than two Interest Periods in effect in respect of the Term A Facility and Term A-1 Facility. After giving effect to all Term B-2 Borrowings, all conversions of Term B-2 Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Term B
Loans, Term B-1 Loans and Term B-2 Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than two Interest Periods in effect in respect of the Term B Facility, the Term B-1 Facility and the Term B-2 Facility. After giving effect to all Term B-3 Borrowings, all conversions of Term B-3
Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Term B-3 Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than two Interest Periods in effect in respect of the Term B-3 Facility. After giving effect to all Revolving
Credit Borrowings, all conversions of Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Revolving Credit Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than eight Interest Periods in effect in respect of the Revolving
Credit Facility. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) all Additional Term B-2 Loans made on the Sixth Amendment Effective Date and all Term B-2 Loans converted from Term B-1 Loans on the Sixth Amendment Effective Date shall be of the same Type and
have the same initial Interest Period as set forth in clause (ix) of the definition of Interest Period herein and (ii) all Additional Term A-1 Loans made on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date and all Term A-1 Loans converted from Term A Loans
on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date shall be of the same Type and have the same initial Interest Period as set forth in clause (viii) of the definition of Interest Period herein.

-83-

(f) With respect to SOFR, Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Term SOFR Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Term SOFR Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided
that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Term SOFR Conforming Changes to the Company and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective.

2.03Letters of Credit.

(a) The Letter of Credit Commitment.

(i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) the L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03, (1) from time to time on any
Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies for the account of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and
to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with subsection (b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit; and (B) the Revolving Credit Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of
Credit issued for the account of the Company or its Subsidiaries and any drawings thereunder; provided that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (x) the Total Revolving Credit
Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Facility, (y) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Credit Loans of any Revolving Credit Lender, plus such Revolving Credit Lenders Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage
of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lenders Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment, and (z) the
Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Each request by the Company for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Company that the L/C Credit
Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the provisos to the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Companys ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be
fully revolving, and accordingly the Company may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. All Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed
to have been issued pursuant hereto, and from and after the Closing Date shall be subject to and governed by the terms and conditions hereof.

(ii) The L/C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit, if:

(A) subject to Section 2.03(b)(iii), the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of issuance or last extension, unless
the Required Revolving Credit Lenders have approved such expiry date; or

(B) the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all the Revolving Credit Lenders have approved such expiry date.

-84-

(iii) The L/C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:

(A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the L/C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any
Law applicable to the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the L/C Issuer refrain from, the
issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the L/C Issuer is not otherwise
compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it;

(B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally;

(C) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than $500,000;

(D) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars or an Alternative Currency;

(E) the L/C Issuer does not as of the issuance date of such requested Letter of Credit issue Letters of Credit in the requested currency;

(F) such Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder; or

(G) a default of any Revolving Credit Lenders obligations to fund under Section 2.03(c) exists or any Revolving Credit Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless the L/C
Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Borrowers or such Lender to eliminate the L/C Issuers actual or potential Fronting Exposure
(after giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv)) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which the L/C Issuer has
actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion.

(iv) The L/C Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if the L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof.

(v) The L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms
hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit.

-85-

(vi) The L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Revolving Credit Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and the L/C Issuer shall have all of the
benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and
Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Article IX included the L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with
respect to the L/C Issuer.

(b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto-Extension Letters of Credit.

(i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Company delivered to the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of
Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two Business
Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a
request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a
Business Day); (B) the amount and currency thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of
any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit; and (H) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. In the case of a request for an
amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be
a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. Additionally, the Company shall furnish to the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information
pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may require.

(ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of
such Letter of Credit Application from the Company and, if not, the L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the L/C Issuer has received written notice from any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Loan
Party, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the
terms and conditions hereof, the L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Company (or the applicable Subsidiary) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in
accordance with the L/C Issuers usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase
from the L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Revolving Credit Lenders Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage for the Revolving Credit Facility times the amount of such
Letter of Credit.

-86-

(iii) If the Company so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension
provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit); provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit the L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with
the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date) in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit
is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the L/C Issuer, the Company shall not be required to make a specific request to the L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Revolving Credit
Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided, however,
that the L/C Issuer shall not permit any such extension if (A) the L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the
terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clause (ii) or (iii) of Section 2.03(a) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is seven Business Days before the
Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Revolving Credit Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any Revolving Credit Lender or the Company that one or more
of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing the L/C Issuer not to permit such extension.

(iv) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the L/C Issuer will also deliver to
the Company and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment.

-87-

(c) Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations.

(i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall notify the Company and the Administrative Agent thereof. In the
case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Company shall reimburse the L/C Issuer in such Alternative Currency, unless (A) the L/C Issuer (at its option) shall have specified in such notice that it will require
reimbursement in Dollars, or (B) in the absence of any such requirement for reimbursement in Dollars, the Company shall have notified the L/C Issuer promptly following receipt of the notice of drawing that the Company will reimburse the L/C
Issuer in Dollars. In the case of any such reimbursement in Dollars of a drawing under a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the L/C Issuer shall notify the Company of the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the drawing
promptly following the determination thereof. Not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date of any payment by the L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit to be reimbursed in Dollars, or the Applicable Time on the date of any payment by the L/C Issuer
under a Letter of Credit to be reimbursed in an Alternative Currency (each such date, an Honor Date), the Company shall reimburse the L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing and in
the applicable currency. In the event that (A) a drawing denominated in an Alternative Currency is to be reimbursed in Dollars pursuant to the second sentence in this Section 2.03(c)(i) and (B) the Dollar amount paid by the Company,
whether on or after the Honor Date, shall not be adequate on the date of that payment to purchase in accordance with normal banking procedures a sum denominated in the Alternative Currency equal to the drawing, the Company agrees, as a separate
and independent obligation, to indemnify the L/C Issuer for the loss resulting from its inability on that date to purchase the Alternative Currency in the full amount of the drawing. If the Company fails to so reimburse the L/C Issuer by such
time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Credit Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (expressed in Dollars in the amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof in the case of a Letter of Credit
denominated in an Alternative Currency) (the Unreimbursed Amount), and the amount of such Revolving Credit Lenders Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage thereof. In such event, the Company shall be deemed to have requested a
Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate
Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Revolving Credit Facility and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Loan Notice). Any notice given by the L/C Issuer or the
Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding
effect of such notice.

(ii) Each Revolving Credit Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer, in Dollars, at the
Administrative Agents Office for Dollar-denominated payments in an amount equal to its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the
Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii), each Revolving Credit Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Revolving Credit Loan to the Company in such
amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the L/C Issuer in Dollars.

(iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or
for any other reason, the Company shall be deemed to have incurred from the L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with
interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event, each Revolving Credit Lenders payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in
respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03.

(iv) Until each Revolving Credit Lender funds its Revolving Credit Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit,
interest in respect of such Revolving Credit Lenders Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of the L/C Issuer.

-88-

(v) Each Revolving Credit Lenders obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the L/C Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section
2.03(c), shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the L/C Issuer, the Company, any
Subsidiary or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided, however, that
each Revolving Credit Lenders obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Company of Loan Notice). No such
making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Company to reimburse the L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by the L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein.

(vi) If any Revolving Credit Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Revolving Credit Lender pursuant to the
foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii), the L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Revolving Credit Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such
amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in
effect, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the L/C Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Revolving Credit Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid
shall constitute such Lenders Revolving Credit Loan included in the relevant Revolving Credit Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of the L/C Issuer submitted to any Revolving
Credit Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.03(c) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(d) Repayment of Participations.

(i) At any time after the L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Revolving Credit Lender such Revolving Credit Lenders L/C Advance in respect of such payment
in accordance with Section 2.03(c), if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of the L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Company or otherwise,
including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Revolving Credit Lender its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage thereof in Dollars and in the same funds as
those received by the Administrative Agent.

(ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section
10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the L/C Issuer in its discretion), each Revolving Credit Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage
thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Revolving Credit Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time
in effect. The obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.

-89-

(e) Obligations Absolute. The obligation of the Company to reimburse the L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and
irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following:

(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document;

(ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Company or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such
Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit
or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction;

(iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement
therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit;

(iv) any payment by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any
payment made by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any
beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law;

(v) any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Alternative Currency to the Company or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets
generally; or

(vi) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that
might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Company or any Subsidiary;provided that the foregoing shall not excuse the L/C Issuer from liability to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent of direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages) suffered by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are caused by the L/C Issuers bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct.

-90-

The Company shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Companys instructions or other irregularity, the Company will immediately notify the L/C Issuer. The Company shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is
given as aforesaid.

(f) Role of L/C Issuer. Each Lender and the Company agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than
any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. 
None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith
at the request or with the approval of the Lenders, the Required Lenders, the Revolving Credit Lenders or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful
misconduct; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. The Company hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any
beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided, however, that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Companys pursuing such
rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or
assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (v) of Section 2.03(e); provided, however, that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding,
the Company may have a claim against the L/C Issuer, and the L/C Issuer may be liable to the Company, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Company which the
Company proves were caused by the L/C Issuers willful misconduct or gross negligence or the L/C Issuers willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s)
strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in
order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or
purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason.

-91-

(g) Cash Collateral. (i) Upon the request of the Administrative Agent, (A) if the L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has
resulted in an L/C Borrowing, or (B) if, as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, the Company shall, in each case, immediately Cash Collateralize the then Outstanding Amount of all L/C
Obligations. At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Credit Lender, within three Business Days after the request of the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative
Agent Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to cover all Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender).

-92-

(ii) In addition, if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company at any time that the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations at such time exceeds 100% (or, in the case of any such excess determined by
the Administrative Agent to have resulted solely from foreign currency fluctuations, 102%) of the Letter of Credit Sublimit then in effect, then, within two Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Company shall Cash Collateralize the
L/C Obligations in an amount equal to the amount by which the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations exceeds the Letter of Credit Sublimit.

(iii) The Administrative Agent may, at any time and from time to time after the initial deposit of Cash Collateral, request that additional Cash Collateral be provided in order to protect against the results
of exchange rate fluctuations.

(iv) Sections 2.05, 8.02(i)(c) and 8.02(ii)(c) set forth certain additional requirements to deliver Cash Collateral hereunder. For purposes of this Section 2.03, Section
2.05and Sections 8.02(i)(c) and 8.02(ii)(c), Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the
benefit of the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, as collateral for the L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer (which documents are
hereby consented to by the Lenders). Derivatives of such term have corresponding meanings. Upon such pledge and deposit, the Company shall grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, a security
interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein and all proceeds of the foregoing. Cash Collateral shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America.

(h) Applicability of ISP. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the L/C Issuer and the Company when a Letter of Credit is issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of
Credit), the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit.

(i) Letter of Credit Fees. The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender in accordance with its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage, in
Dollars, a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee) for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit, provided,
however, that any Letter of Credit Fees otherwise payable for the account of a Defaulting Lender with respect to any Letter of Credit as to which such Defaulting Lender has not provided Cash Collateral satisfactory to the L/C Issuer
pursuant to this Section 2.03 shall be payable, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable Law, to the other Lenders in accordance with the upward adjustments in their respective Applicable Percentages allocable to such Letter of
Credit pursuant to Section 2.15(a)(iv), with the balance of such fee, if any, payable to the L/C Issuer for its own account. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of
such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.09. Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the
first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any
quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate.

-93-

(j) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer. The Company shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars, a fronting fee with respect to
each Letter of Credit, at a rate per annum equal to 0.125%, computed on the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on
the tenth Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after
the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be
determined in accordance with Section 1.09. In addition, the Company shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars, the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard
costs and charges, of the L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable.

(k) Conflict with Issuer Documents. In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control.

(l) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary,
the Company shall be obligated to reimburse the L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. The Company hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the
benefit of the Company, and that the Companys business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. In addition to the foregoing, the Company hereby acknowledges that it shall be obligated to reimburse the L/C Issuer
hereunder for any and all drawings under the Existing Letter of Credit for the account of UNIK S.A. and that such Letter of Credit, when issued, was for the account of a Subsidiary.

2.04Swing Line Loans.

(a) The Swing Line. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04,
to make loans in Dollars (each such loan, a Swing Line Loan) to the Company from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swing Line
Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swing Line Loans, when aggregated with the Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Obligations of the Lender acting as Swing Line Lender,
may exceed the amount of such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment; provided that after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (i) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Facility, and (ii) the
aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Credit Loans of any Revolving Credit Lender at such time, plus such Revolving Credit Lenders Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations at such
time, plus such Revolving Credit Lenders Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans at such time shall not exceed such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment; provided, further,
that the Company shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Company may borrow under this Section
2.04, prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.04. Each Swing Line Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan, each Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to,
and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Revolving Credit Lenders Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage times
the amount of such Swing Line Loan.

-94-

(b) Borrowing Procedures. Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the Companys irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or
(B) by a Swing Line Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a Swing Line Loan Notice. Each such notice must be received by the
Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 3:00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of $100,000, and (ii) the requested borrowing date, which shall
be a Business Day. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any telephonic Swing Line Loan Notice, the Swing Line Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also
received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent of the contents thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent
(including at the request of any Revolving Credit Lender) prior to 4:00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swing Line Borrowing (A) directing the Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the
first proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.04(a), or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swing Line Lender
will, not later than 4:30 p.m. on the borrowing date specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Company at its office by crediting the account of the Company on the books of the Swing Line
Lender in Same Day Funds.

(c) Refinancing of Swing Line Loans.

(i) The Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request, on behalf of the Company (which hereby irrevocably authorizes the Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf),
that each Revolving Credit Lender make a Base Rate Revolving Credit Loan in an amount equal to such Lenders Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the amount of Swing Line Loans then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing
(which written request shall be deemed to be a Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of Base Rate
Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Revolving Credit Facility and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. The Swing Line Lender shall furnish the Company with a copy of the applicable Loan Notice promptly after
delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Revolving Credit Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the amount specified in such Loan Notice available to the Administrative Agent in Same
Day Funds for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agents Office for Dollar-denominated payments not later than 1:00 p.m. on the day specified in such Loan Notice, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii), each
Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Revolving Credit Loan to the Company in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender.

-95-

(ii) If for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Revolving Credit Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i), the request for Base Rate Revolving Credit Loans submitted
by the Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line Lender that each of the Revolving Credit Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan and each Revolving Credit Lenders
payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation.

(iii) If any Revolving Credit Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing
provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i), the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Revolving Credit Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such
amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time
in effect, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Swing Line Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Revolving Credit Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so
paid shall constitute such Lenders Revolving Credit Loan included in the relevant Revolving Credit Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any
Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(iv) Each Revolving Credit Lenders obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and
unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swing Line Lender, the Company or any other Person for any reason
whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided, however, that each Lenders obligation to make Revolving
Credit Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Company to repay Swing Line
Loans, together with interest as provided herein.

-96-

(d) Repayment of Participations.

(i) At any time after any Revolving Credit Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the
Swing Line Lender will distribute to such Revolving Credit Lender its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender.

(ii) If any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to be returned by the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described
in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Revolving Credit Lender shall pay to the Swing Line Lender its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage thereof on
demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the
request of the Swing Line Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.

(e) Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender. The Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Company for interest on the Swing Line Loans. Until each Revolving Credit Lender funds
its Base Rate Revolving Credit Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04 to refinance such Revolving Credit Lenders Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable
Percentage shall be solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender.

(f) Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender. The Company shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender.

2.05Prepayments.

(a) Optional.

-97-

(i) Each Borrower may, upon notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent pursuant to delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Loan Prepayment, at any time or from time to time voluntarily
prepay Term Loans and Revolving Credit Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty (except (x) in the case of Loans other than Base Rate Loans, amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.05 and, (y) with respect to Term B-2 Loans, as set forth in Section
2.05(c)(i) and (z) with respect to Term B-3 Loans, as set forth in Section 2.05(c)(ii)); provided that (i) such
notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. (A) two Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Term SOFR Loans, (B) three Business Days (or five, in the case of prepayment of Loans denominated in Special
Notice Currencies) prior to any date of prepayment of SONIA Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies and (C) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans and Daily Simple SOFR Loans; (ii) any prepayment of
Term SOFR Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof; (iii) any prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies shall be in a
minimum principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof; and (iv) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof or, in each
case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans are to be
prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lenders Applicable Percentage of
such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Company, the applicable Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of (x) a
Eurocurrency Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan, SONIA Rate Loan or Daily Simple SOFR Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 and, (y) Term B-2 Loans hereunder
shall be subject to Section 2.05(c)(i) and (z) Term B-3 Loans hereunder shall be subject to Section 2.05(c)(ii). Each
prepayment of the outstanding Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(a) shall be applied (x) as among the different Classes of Term Loans, as directed by the Company and (y) with respect to a specific Class of Term Loans, to the
principal repayment installments thereof as directed by the Company. Each prepayment of other Term Loans established or extended pursuant to Section 2.17, 2.18 or 2.19 shall be applied as set forth in the applicable
Additional Credit Extension Amendment; provided that any such Additional Credit Extension Amendment shall not permit prepayments of Extended Term Loans established pursuant to Section 2.19 to be applied on a greater than pro
rata basis than the Class of Term Loans being extended. The prepayment of Revolving Credit Loans shall be made on a pro rata basis across all Revolving Credit Loans (except, with respect to Revolving Credit Loans established pursuant to Section
2.17, 2.18 or 2.19, to the extent that any applicable Additional Credit Extension Amendment provides that the Revolving Credit Loans established thereunder shall be entitled to less than pro rata treatment). Each such
prepayment under this Section 2.05(a)(i) shall be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages in respect of each of the relevant Facilities.

(ii) The Company may, upon notice to the Swing Line Lender pursuant to delivery to the Swing Line Lender of a Notice of Loan Prepayment (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time
to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (x) such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 3:00 p.m. on the date of
the prepayment, and (y) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of $100,000. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Company, the Company shall make such
prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein.

-98-

(b) Mandatory Term Loan Prepayments.

(i) If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries receives any Net Cash Proceeds from any Casualty Event or Disposition (other than (1) any Disposition of any property permitted by Sections 7.05(a), (b),
(c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (i), (j) and (k) and (2) any Disposition or Casualty Event resulting in aggregate Net Cash Proceeds not exceeding $7,500,000 in the case of any single
transaction or series of related transactions), the Company shall cause to be offered to be prepaid in accordance with clause (v) below, an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans equal to 100% of such Net Cash Proceeds within ten (10)
Business Days of receipt thereof by such Person; provided that, with respect to any Net Cash Proceeds realized under a Disposition described in this Section 2.05(b)(i), at the election of the Company (as notified by the Company
to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days of receipt thereof), and so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Company or such Subsidiary may reinvest all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds in assets
useful in the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries within 18 months of receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (it being understood that if any portion of such proceeds are not so used within such 18-month period but within such 18-month
period are contractually committed to be used, then upon the termination of such contract or if such Net Cash Proceeds are not so used within 24 months of initial receipt, such remaining portion shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds as of the date
of such termination or expiry and shall be immediately applied to the prepayment of the Term Loans as set forth in this Section 2.05(b)(i)); provided, however, that any Net Cash Proceeds not subject to such definitive
agreement or so reinvested shall be immediately applied to the prepayment of the Loans as set forth in this Section 2.05(b)(i).

(ii) Upon the incurrence or issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness expressly permitted to be incurred or issued pursuant to Section 7.03
(other than Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt, Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt or Permitted Junior Priority Refinancing Debt)), the Company shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans equal to 100% of all Net Cash Proceeds
received therefrom immediately upon receipt thereof by the Company or such Subsidiary (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in clause (iv) below).

(iii) Within five (5) Business Days after financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a), commencing with the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2021, the Company shall
cause to be offered to be prepaid in accordance with clause (v) below, an aggregate principal amount of Term B-2 Loans and Term B-3 Loans equal
to ((x) the Excess Cash Flow Percentage, multiplied by(y) the Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year), less the sum of (1) the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans (or, in the case of
Term Loans purchased at a discount to par, the actual amount of the cash payments made to purchase such Term Loans) and Revolving Credit Loans (provided that there is an equivalent permanent reduction of Revolving Credit Commitments)
prepaid or purchased in cash pursuant to Section 2.05(a) or Section 10.06(i); (2) the aggregate principal amount of other Consolidated Funded Indebtedness (or, in the case of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness purchased at a
discount to par, the actual amount of the cash payments made to purchase such Consolidated Funded Indebtedness) secured by the Collateral on a paripassu basis
with the Facilities prepaid or purchased in cash (provided that, in the case of revolving credit commitments, there is an equivalent permanent reduction in commitments); (3) the increase in the amount of any equity investments in a Bank
Regulated Subsidiary (including Investments pursuant to participation agreements with Bank Regulated Subsidiaries); (4) without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clause (7) below in prior periods, the aggregate amount actually paid by
the Company and its Subsidiaries in cash on account of Capital Expenditures and permitted Investments (including Permitted Acquisitions), but excluding Investments made pursuant to Sections 7.02(a), (g) and (u); (5)
customary fees, expenses or charges paid in cash related to any permitted Investments (including Permitted Acquisitions); (6) Restricted Payments (other than those made pursuant to Section 7.06(e)) made by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries in cash to Persons other than the Company and its Subsidiaries; in each case, during such fiscal year or on or prior to the 90th day after the end of
such fiscal year (and without duplication in the next fiscal year), except to the extent that such prepayments are funded with long-term Indebtedness (without duplication of any prepayments in such fiscal year that reduced the amount of Excess
Cash Flow required to be repaid pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(iii) for any prior fiscal year); and (7) at the option of the Company, and without duplication of amounts deducted from pursuant to this clause (7) in prior periods, the
aggregate consideration required to be paid in cash by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts, commitments, letters of intent or purchase orders (the Contract Consideration) entered into prior to or during
such period relating to Permitted Acquisitions, other Investments (other than Investments pursuant to Sections 7.02(a), (d) and (u)) or Capital Expenditures (including Capitalized Software Expenditures or other purchases
of intellectual property) to be consummated or made during the subsequent fiscal year; provided, that, with respect to this clause (7), to the extent the aggregate amount of Internally Generated Cash actually utilized to finance such
Permitted Acquisitions, Investments or Capital Expenditures during such fiscal year is less than the Contract Consideration, the amount of such shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow at the end of such fiscal year; provided
further that no such prepayment shall be required pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(iii) if Excess Cash Flow for such relevant period is less than $25,000,000.

-99-

(iv) Each prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 2.05(b) shall be offered and, subject to clause (v) below, applied on a pro rata basis across the Term Facilities;
provided that (x) any Term Loans established pursuant to Section 2.17, 2.18 or 2.19 shall be entitled to less than their pro rata share if and to the extent so provided for in the applicable Additional Credit
Extension Amendment and (y) prepayments with the proceeds of Refinancing Term Loans shall be applied to the Term Facilities being refinanced. Each prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to clause (iii) of this Section 2.05(b) shall be
applied solely toon a pro rata basis across
the Term B-2 Facility and the Term B-3 Facility; provided that any Term Loans established pursuant to Section 2.17,
2.18 or 2.19 shall be entitled to share in such prepayment on a pro rata basis (or less than pro rata basis) as and to the extent so provided for in the applicable Additional Credit Extension Amendment. With respect to any such
Term Facility that is to receive a prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.05(b), such prepayment shall be applied to the principal repayment installments thereof as directed by the Company and each such prepayment shall be paid to the
Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages in respect of each of the relevant Facilities.

(v) With respect to each prepayment required pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i) or (iii), (A) the Company will, not later than the dates specified in Sections 2.05(b)(i) or (iii)
for offering to make such prepayment, give the Administrative Agent telephonic notice (promptly confirmed in writing) requesting that the Administrative Agent provide notice of such offer of prepayment to each applicable Lender, (B) the
Administrative Agent shall provide notice of such offer of prepayment to each applicable Lender, (C) each such Lender will have the right to refuse such offer of prepayment by giving written notice of such refusal to the Administrative Agent
within three (3) Business Days after such Lenders receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent of such offer of prepayment (and the Company shall not prepay any Loans of each such refusing Lender on the date that is specified in clause (D)
below), (D) the Company will make all such prepayments not so refused upon the fifth Business Day after delivery of notice by the Company pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i) or (iii) above (with such prepayments to be applied as set
forth in clause (iv) above) and (E) any prepayment refused by Lenders of Loans (such refused amounts, the Declined Proceeds) may be retained by the Company.

-100-

(vi) Notwithstanding any other provisions of Section 2.05(b)(i) or (iii), (A) to the extent that any of or all the Net Cash Proceeds received by a Foreign Subsidiary giving rise to a
prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i) or Excess Cash Flow attributable to a Foreign Subsidiary (a Foreign Prepayment Event) are prohibited or delayed under applicable local Law from being repatriated to the Company, or
could result in directors liability, an amount equal to the portion of such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected will not be required to be applied to repay Loans at the times provided in Section 2.05(b)(i) or (iii),
as the case may be; provided that (x) the Company hereby agrees to cause the applicable Foreign Subsidiary to promptly take all commercially reasonable actions required by the applicable local Law to permit such repatriation and (y)
if the repatriation of the relevant affected Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow is permitted under the applicable local Law, and directors liability could not result, an amount equal to such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow will be
promptly applied (net of additional Taxes that would be payable or reasonably reserved against in good faith as a result of repatriating such amounts) to the repayment of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i) or (iii), as
the case may be, and (B) to the extent that the Company has reasonably determined in good faith that repatriation of any or all of the Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow of any Foreign Prepayment Event would have a material adverse Tax
consequence, including the consequences of related costs, fees and expenses, an amount equal to the portion of the Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected will not be required to be applied to repay Loans at the times provided in Section

2.05(b)(i) or (iii), as the case may be; provided, further, that to the extent that the repatriation of such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow from the applicable Foreign Subsidiary would no longer have a
material adverse Tax consequence, an amount equal to such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow will be promptly applied (net of additional Taxes that would be payable or reasonably reserved against in good faith as a result of repatriating
such amounts) to the repayment of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i) or (iii), as the case may be.

-101-

(c) Repricing Transaction. In the event that all or any portion of the Term B-2 Loans are (x) repaid, prepaid, refinanced or replaced with any bank debt financing (including, without limitation,
with Refinancing Term Loans) having a yield that is less than the yield of the Term B-2 Loans (or portion thereof) so repaid, prepaid or refinanced or (y) repriced or effectively refinanced through any waiver, consent, amendment or
amendment and restatement, in each case of clauses (x) and (y), directed at, or the result of which would be, the lowering of the yield of any of the Term B-2 Loans, in each case of clauses (x) and (y), occurring on or prior to the six (6)
month anniversary of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date and excluding any transaction in connection with a Change of Control or a Transformative Acquisition (a Repricing Transaction), the Company shall pay the Term B-2 Lenders (A) in
the case of clause (x), a prepayment premium equal to 1.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Term B-2 Loans so repaid, prepaid, refinanced or replaced and (B) in the case of clause (y), a fee equal to 1.00% of the aggregate principal
amount of the Term B-2 Loans repriced or effectively refinanced through such waiver, consent, amendment or amendment and restatement. If all or any portion of the Term B-2 Loans held by any Term B-2 Lender is subject to mandatory assignment
pursuant to Section 10.13 as a result of, or in connection with, such Term B-2 Lender not agreeing or otherwise consenting to any such waiver, consent, amendment or amendment and restatement referred to in clause (y) above (or
otherwise in connection with a Repricing Transaction) on or prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the Company shall pay to such Term B-2 Lender a fee equal to 1.00% of the principal amount of the Term
B-2 Loans so assigned. Such amounts shall be due and payable on the date of effectiveness of such Repricing Transaction or mandatory assignment. In determining the yield applicable to the Term B-2 Loans and the yield for any such new
bank debt financing, (x) interest margin, original issue discount (OID) or upfront fees (which shall be deemed to constitute like amounts of OID) payable by the Company for the account of the Term B-2 Lenders or the lenders of such
new bank debt financing in the primary syndication thereof shall be included (with OID being equated to interest based on an assumed four-year life to maturity), (y) with respect to any Indebtedness that
includes a Eurocurrency Rate floor, Term SOFR floor or Base Rate floor, (i) to the extent that the Eurocurrency Rate, Term SOFR or Base Rate (without giving effect to any floors in such definitions), as applicable, on the date that
the yield is being calculated is less than such floor, the amount of such difference shall be deemed added to the interest rate margin for such Indebtedness for the purpose of calculating the yield and (ii) to the extent that the
Eurocurrency Rate, Term SOFR or Base Rate (without giving effect to any floors in such definitions), as applicable, on the date that the yield is being calculated is greater than such floor, then the floor shall be disregarded in
calculating the yield and (z) customary arrangement, structuring, underwriting, amendment or commitment fees payable to the Joint Lead Arrangers (or its affiliates) in connection with the Term B-2 Facility or to one or more arrangers
(or their affiliates) of such new bank debt financing shall be excluded. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the application of proceeds of an issuance of Equity Interests be deemed a Repricing Transaction.

In the event that all or any portion of the Term B-3 Loans are (x) repaid, prepaid, refinanced or replaced with any bank debt financing
(including, without limitation, with Refinancing Term Loans) having a yield that is less than the yield of the Term B-3 Loans (or portion thereof) so repaid, prepaid or refinanced or (y) repriced or effectively refinanced through any
waiver, consent, amendment or amendment and restatement, in each case of clauses (x) and (y), directed at, or the result of which would be, the lowering of the yield of any of the Term B-3 Loans, in each case of clauses (x) and (y),
occurring on or prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and excluding any transaction in connection with a Change of Control or a Transformative Acquisition (a Term B-3 Repricing Transaction), the
Company shall pay the Term B-3 Lenders (A) in the case of clause (x), a prepayment premium equal to 1.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Term B-3 Loans so repaid, prepaid, refinanced or replaced and (B) in the case of clause
(y), a fee equal to 1.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Term B-3 Loans repriced or effectively refinanced through such waiver, consent, amendment or amendment and restatement. If all or any portion of the Term B-3 Loans held
by any Term B-3 Lender is subject to mandatory assignment pursuant to Section 10.13 as a result of, or in connection with, such Term B-3 Lender not agreeing or otherwise consenting to any such waiver, consent, amendment or amendment and
restatement referred to in clause (y) above (or otherwise in connection with a Term B-3 Repricing Transaction) on or prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, the Company shall pay to such Term B-3
Lender a fee equal to 1.00% of the principal amount of the Term B-3 Loans so assigned. Such amounts shall be due and payable on the date of effectiveness of such Term B-3 Repricing Transaction or mandatory assignment. In determining the
yield applicable to the Term B-3 Loans and the yield for any such new bank debt financing, (x) interest margin, OID or upfront fees (which shall be deemed to constitute like amounts of OID) payable by the Company for the account of
the Term B-3 Lenders or the lenders of such new bank debt financing in the primary syndication thereof shall be included (with OID being equated to interest based on an assumed four-year life to maturity), (y) with respect to any
Indebtedness that includes a Eurocurrency Rate floor, Term SOFR floor or Base Rate floor, (i) to the extent that the Eurocurrency Rate, Term SOFR or Base Rate (without giving effect to any floors in such definitions), as applicable,
on the date that the yield is being calculated is less than such floor, the amount of such difference shall be deemed added to the interest rate margin for such Indebtedness for the purpose of calculating the yield and (ii) to the extent
that the Eurocurrency Rate, Term SOFR or Base Rate (without giving effect to any floors in such definitions), as applicable, on the date that the yield is being calculated is greater than such floor, then the floor shall be disregarded in
calculating the yield and (z) customary arrangement, structuring, underwriting, amendment or commitment fees payable to the Joint Lead Arrangers (or its affiliates) and the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers (or its affiliates) in connection
with the Term B-3 Facility or to one or more arrangers (or their affiliates) of such new bank debt financing shall be excluded. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the application of proceeds of an issuance of Equity Interests
be deemed a Term B-3 Repricing Transaction.

-102-

(d) Total Revolving Credit Outstandings. If the Administrative Agent notifies the Company at any time that the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings at such time exceed an amount equal to 100% (or,
in the case of any such excess determined by the Administrative Agent to have resulted solely from foreign currency fluctuations, 102%) of the Revolving Credit Facility then in effect, then, within two Business Days after receipt of such
notice, the Borrowers shall prepay Revolving Credit Loans and/or the Company shall Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such Outstanding Amount as of such date of payment to an amount not to
exceed 100% of the Revolving Credit Facility; provided, however, that, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(g)(ii), the Company shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section

2.05(d) unless after the prepayment in full of the Loans the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings exceed the Revolving Credit Facility. The Administrative Agent may, at any time and from time to time after the initial deposit of such
Cash Collateral, request that additional Cash Collateral be provided in order to protect against the results of further exchange rate fluctuations.

(e) Alternative Currency. If the Administrative Agent notifies the Company at any time that the Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies at such time
exceeds an amount equal to 102% of the Alternative Currency Sublimit, then, within two Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Borrowers shall prepay Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies in an aggregate amount
sufficient to reduce such Outstanding Amount as of such date of payment to an amount not to exceed 100% of the Alternative Currency Sublimit.

-103-

2.06Termination or Reduction of Commitments.

(a) Optional. The Company may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Revolving Credit Facility, or from time to time permanently reduce the Revolving Credit Facility; provided
that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. three Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000
or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Revolving Credit Facility if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Revolving Credit
Outstandings would exceed the Revolving Credit Facility, (iv) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Alternative Currency Sublimit, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Designated Borrower Sublimit or
the Swing Line Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Revolving Credit Facility, in each case such sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice
of termination or reduction of the Revolving Credit Facility. Except as provided in clause (iv) of the immediately preceding sentence, the amount of any reduction of the Revolving Credit Facility shall not be applied to the Alternative
Currency Sublimit or the Letter of Credit Sublimit unless otherwise specified by the Company. Any reduction of the Revolving Credit Facility shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender according to its Applicable Percentage. All fees
accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Revolving Credit Facility shall be paid on the effective date of such termination.

(b) Mandatory.

(i) The aggregate Term A Commitments shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero on the date of the Term A Borrowing. The aggregate Term A-1 Commitments shall be automatically and permanently
reduced to zero on the date of the Term A-1 Borrowing.

(ii) The aggregate Term B Commitments shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero on the date of the Term B Borrowing. The aggregate Term B-1 Commitments shall be automatically and permanently
reduced to zero on the date of the Term B-1 Borrowing. The aggregate Term B-2 Commitments shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero on the date of the Term B-2 Borrowing. The aggregate Term B-3 Commitments shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero on the date of the Term B-3 Borrowing.

(iii) The aggregate Original Revolving Credit Commitments shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date.

(iv) Application of Commitment Reductions; Payment of Fees. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any termination or reduction of the Letter of Credit Sublimit, Swing Line
Sublimit or the Revolving Credit Commitment under this Section 2.06. Upon any reduction of the Revolving Credit Facility, the appropriate Revolving Credit Commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender having a commitment thereunder
shall be reduced by such Lenders Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of such reduction amount. All fees in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Revolving Credit Facility
shall be paid on the effective date of such termination.

-104-

2.07Repayment of Loans.

(a) Term A-1 Loans. The Company shall repay to the Term A-1 Lenders the principal amount of all Term A-1 Loans (i) in equal quarterly payments in the amount of 1.25% of the aggregate principal
amount of such Term A-1 Loans incurred (including through conversion of Term A Loans) on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date commencing on June 30, 2024 and on the last day of each March, June, September and December thereafter, through and
including March 31, 2029 and (ii) on the Maturity Date for the Term A-1 Facility, the remaining outstanding principal amount of all Term A-1 Loans (in each case subject to the application of prepayments in accordance with Section 2.06).

(b) Term B-2 Loans. The Company shall repay to the Term B-2 Lenders the principal amount of all Term B-2 Loans (i) in equal quarterly payments in the amount of 0.25% of the aggregate principal
amount of all Term B-2 Loans incurred (including through the conversion of Term B-1 Loans) on the Sixth Amendment Effective Date commencing on December 31, 2024 and on the last day of each March, June, September and December thereafter,
through and including March 31, 2028,and (ii) on the Maturity Date for the Term B-2 Facility, the remaining outstanding principal amount of all Term B-2 Loans (in each case subject to the application
of prepayments in accordance with Section 2.06).

(c) Revolving Credit Loans. Each Borrower shall repay to the Revolving Credit Lenders on the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Credit
Loans outstanding to such Borrower on such date.

(d) Swing Line Loans. The Company shall repay each Swing Line Loan on the earlier to occur of (i) the date ten Business Days after such Loan is made and (ii) the Maturity Date for the Revolving
Credit Facility.

(e) Incremental Term Loans; Refinancing Term Loans; Extended Term Loans. In the event any Incremental Term Loans, Refinancing Term Loans, Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Credit Loans
are made, such Incremental Term Loans, Refinancing Term Loans, Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Credit Loans, as applicable, shall be repaid by the Company in the amounts and on the dates set forth in the Additional Credit Extension
Amendment with respect thereto and on the applicable Maturity Date thereof.

(f)Term B-3 Loans. The Company shall repay
to the Term B-3 Lenders the principal amount of all Term B-3 Loans (i) in equal quarterly payments in the amount of 0.25% of the aggregate principal amount of all Term B-3 Loans incurred on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date commencing
on June 30, 2025 and on the last day of each March, June, September and December thereafter, through and including December 31, 2031,and (ii) on the Maturity Date for the Term B-3 Facility, the remaining outstanding principal amount of all Term B-3 Loans (in each case subject to the application of prepayments in accordance with Section
2.06).

-105-

2.08Interest..

(a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal
to the Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate for Eurocurrency Rate Loans; (ii) each Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per
annum equal to Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate for Term SOFR Loans; (iii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing or conversion date
at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Base Rate Loans; (iv) each Daily Simple SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing or conversion date
at a rate per annum equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate for Daily Simple SOFR Loans; (v) each SONIA Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing or conversion
date at a rate per annum equal to the SONIA Rate plus the Applicable Rate for SONIA Rate Loans and (vi) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate
per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Base Rate Loans.

(b) (i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall
thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.

(ii) If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by any Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by
acceleration or otherwise, then, upon the request of the Required Lenders, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable Laws.

(iii) Upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists under, or immediately upon any Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) resulting from any failure to pay any
principal of a Loan when due or under Section 8.01(f), the Borrowers shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.

(iv) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand.

(c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto, on each date such Loan is prepaid or repaid and at such other times as may be specified
herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.

(d) For the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), (i) whenever a rate of interest or fee rate hereunder is calculated on the basis of a year (the deemed year) that contains fewer days than the
actual number of days in the calendar year of calculation, such rate of interest or fee rate shall be expressed as a yearly rate by multiplying such rate of interest or fee rate by the actual number of days in the calendar year of calculation
and dividing it by the number of days in the deemed year, (ii) the principle of deemed reinvestment of interest shall not apply to any interest calculation hereunder and (iii) the rates of interest stipulated herein are intended to be nominal
rates and not effective rates or yields.

-106-

2.09Fees. In addition to certain fees described in subsections (i) and (j) of Section 2.03:

(a) Commitment Fee. The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender in accordance with its Applicable Revolving Credit
Percentage, a commitment fee (a Commitment Fee) in Dollars equal to the Applicable Rate for Commitment Fees times the actual daily amount by which the Revolving Credit Facility exceeds the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of
Revolving Credit Loans and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations. The commitment fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is
not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability
Period. The commitment fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate for Commitment Fees during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate
separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect.

(b) Other Fees. (i) The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account, in Dollars, fees in the amounts and at the
times separately agreed between the Company and the Administrative Agent. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.

(ii) The Company shall pay to the Lenders, in Dollars, such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be
fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.

2.10Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate.

(a) All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to Term SOFR) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and
actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a
365-day year), or, in the case of interest in respect of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice. Interest shall accrue on
each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid; provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made
shall, subject to Section 2.12(a), bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

-107-

(b) If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Company or for any other reason, the Company or the Lenders determine that (i) the Consolidated Leverage
Ratio as calculated by the Company as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, each Borrower shall immediately and
retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed
entry of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer), an amount equal to the excess of
the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. This paragraph shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C
Issuer, as the case may be, under Section 2.03(c)(iii), 2.03(i) or 2.08(b) or under Article VIII. The Borrowers obligations under this paragraph shall survive the termination of the Revolving Credit Facility
and the repayment of all other Obligations hereunder for a period of thirty days after the date of delivery of the Companys annual audited financial statements that include the period during which termination and repayment occurred.

2.11Evidence of Debt.

(a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The
accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrowers and the interest and payments thereon. Any
failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts
and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request
of any Lender to a Borrower made through the Administrative Agent, such Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note or Notes, which shall evidence such Lenders Loans to such Borrower in
addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to a Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto.

(b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in subsection (a), each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the
purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender
in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error.

-108-

2.12Payments Generally; Administrative Agents Clawback.

(a) General. All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein and except with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which
such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agents Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment
is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agents Office in such Alternative Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. If, for any reason, any Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder
in an Alternative Currency, such Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or
other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lenders Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent (i) after 2:00 p.m., in the case of payments in Dollars,
or (ii) after the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of payments in an Alternative Currency, shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall
continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by any Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or
fees, as the case may be.

(b) (i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Revolving Credit
Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans or SONIA Rate Loans (or, in the case of any Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans, prior to 2:00 p.m. on the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing)
that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section

2.02 (or, in the case of a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02) and may, in reliance upon such assumption,
make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Revolving Credit Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and
the applicable Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to such
Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the
Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by such Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans or in the case of Alternative Currencies in accordance with such market
practice, in each case, as applicable. If such Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to such Borrower the amount of
such interest paid by such Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Revolving Credit Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders Revolving Credit Loan
included in such Revolving Credit Borrowing. Any payment by such Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim such Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.

-109-

(ii) Payments by Borrowers; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the
Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith
and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due.

With respect toany payment thatthe Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer hereunder as to
which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount): (1) a Borrower has not in fact made
such payment; (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by a Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of
the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest
thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in
accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.

A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or a Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this clause (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

(c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent. If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender to any Borrower as provided in the foregoing
provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to such Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in
accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.

(d) Obligations of Lenders Several. The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Term Loans and Revolving Credit Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans and to
make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder
shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and, except as provided in Section 2.15(a)(iv), no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to
purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c).

-110-

(e) Funding Source. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that
it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner.

2.13Sharing of Payments by Lenders. Subject in all cases to Section 10.08, if any Lender shall,
by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations or in Swing Line Loans held by it resulting in
such Lenders receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Loans or participations and accrued interest thereon greater than its prorata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such
greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans of the other Lenders, or make such
other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and other amounts
owing them; provided that:

(i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations
shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and

(ii) the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by a Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this
Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or
subparticipations in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans to any assignee or participant.

Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise
against such Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation.

For purposes of clause (b) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, a Lender that acquires a participation pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall be treated as having acquired such participation on the earlier
date(s) on which it acquired an interest in the Loan(s) or Commitment(s) to which such participation relates.

-111-

2.14Designated Borrowers.

(a) The Company may at any time, upon not less than 15 Business Days notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole
discretion), request that any MaterialSubsidiary of the Company (other than a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary) (an Applicant Borrower) become a Designated
Borrower to receive Revolving Credit Loans hereunder by delivering to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly deliver counterparts thereof to each Lender) a duly executed notice and agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit K
(a Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement). The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that prior to any Applicant Borrower becoming entitled to utilize the credit facilities provided for herein (i) the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders that are to provide Commitments and/or Loans in favor of an Applicant Borrower must each agree to such Applicant Borrower becoming a Designated Borrower and, (ii) for any Applicant Borrower, the Administrative Agent and
the Lenders shall have received (x) not more than 5 Business Days after the Companys initial notice required above, the documentation and other information that are required by regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer
rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and (y) such supporting resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other documents or information, in form, content and scope
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as may be required by the Administrative Agent or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders in their reasonable discretion, and Notes signed by such new Borrowers to the extent any Lenders so
require (the requirements set forth in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Designated Borrower Requirements). If the Designated Borrower Requirements are met, the Administrative Agent shall send a notice in substantially the
form of Exhibit L (a Designated Borrower Notice) to the Company and the Revolving Credit Lenders specifying the effective date upon which the Applicant Borrower shall constitute a Designated Borrower for purposes hereof,
whereupon each of the Lenders agrees to permit such Designated Borrower to receive Revolving Credit Loans hereunder, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, and each of the parties agrees that such Designated Borrower otherwise shall be
a Borrower for all purposes of this Agreement; provided that no Loan Notice or Letter of Credit Application may be submitted by or on behalf of such Designated Borrower until the date five Business Days after such effective date
unless the Administrative Agent otherwise consents.

(b) The Obligations of the Company and each Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary shall be joint and several in nature. The Obligations of all Designated Borrowers that are Foreign
Subsidiaries and of the Specified Designated Borrower shall be several in nature.

(c) The Specified Designated Borrower, WEX International Holdings and each Subsidiary of the Company thatbecomes a Designated Borrower
pursuant to this Section 2.14, hereby irrevocably appoints the Company as its agent for all purposes relevant to this Agreement, each of the other Loan Documents and all other documents and electronic platforms entered into in
connection herewith, including (i) the giving and receipt of notices, (ii) the execution and delivery of all documents, instruments and certificates contemplated herein and all modifications hereto, and (iii) the receipt of the proceeds of
any Loans made by the Lenders to any such Designated Borrower hereunder. Any acknowledgment, consent, direction, certification or other action which might otherwise be valid or effective only if given or taken by all Borrowers, or by each
Borrower acting singly, shall be valid and effective if given or taken only by the Company, whether or not any such other Borrower joins therein. Any notice, demand, consent, acknowledgement, direction, certification or other communication
delivered to the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been delivered to each Designated Borrower.

-112-

(d) The Company may from time to time, upon not less than 15 Business Days notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its
sole discretion), terminate a Designated Borrowers status as such, provided that there are no outstanding Loans payable by such Designated Borrower, or other amounts payable by such Designated Borrower on account of any Loans made to it, as
of the effective date of such termination. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such termination of a Designated Borrowers status.

(e) Any Lender may, with notice to the Administrative Agent and the Company, fulfill its Commitment hereunder in respect of any Loans requested to be made by such Lender to a Designated Borrower not
organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof, by causing an Affiliate of such Lender to act for such Lender to make such Loans to such Designated Borrower in the place and stead of such Lender; provided that in
no event shall the Lenders exercise of such option increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement.

(f) The Company may not designate a Designated Borrower (other than the Specified Designated Borrower) in any jurisdiction other than the United States in which any Revolving Credit Lender is not legally
permitted to make Credit Extensions.

2.15Defaulting Lenders.

(a) Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting
Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:

(i) Waivers and Amendments. That Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set
forth in Section 10.01.

-113-

(ii) Reallocation of Payments. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether
voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by that Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08), shall be applied at such
time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; third, if so determined
by the Administrative Agent or requested by the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, to be held as Cash Collateral for future funding obligations of that Defaulting Lender of any participation in any Swing Line Loan or Letter of Credit; fourth, as the Company may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as
required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, to be held in a
non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to
the Lenders, the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting
Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrowers as a result of any judgment of
a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrowers against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to that
Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not
fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans or L/C Borrowings were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C
Borrowings owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Borrowings owed to, that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a
Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.15(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender
irrevocably consents hereto.

(iii)Certain Fees. That Defaulting Lender (x) shall not be entitled to receive any commitment fee pursuant to Section 2.09(a)
for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender) and (y) shall be limited in its
right to receive Letter of Credit Fees as provided in Section 2.03(i).

(iv) Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure. During any period in which there is a Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Credit Lender, for purposes
of computing the amount of the obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Credit Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.04,
the Applicable Percentage of the Revolving Credit Facility of each such non-Defaulting Lender shall be computed without giving effect to the Revolving Credit Commitment of that Defaulting Lender; provided that, (i) each such
reallocation shall be given effect only if, at the date the applicable Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, no Default or Event of Default exists (provided that on any date thereafter during such period, to the extent that such Default
or Event of Default has been cured or waived, such reallocation shall occur on such later date); and (ii) the aggregate obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line
Loans shall not exceed the positive difference, if any, of (1) the Revolving Credit Commitment of that non-Defaulting Lender minus (2) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Credit Loans of that Lender. Subject to Section

10.26, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a non-Defaulting
Lender as a result of such non-Defaulting Lenders increased exposure following such reallocation.

-114-

(b) Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Company, the Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and the L/C Issuer agree in writing in their sole discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be
deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with
respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding Revolving Credit Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary
to cause the Revolving Credit Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to Section

2.15(a)(iv)), whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while that Lender
was a Defaulting Lender; provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of
any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender.

2.16Designated Lenders. Each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and each Lender at its option
may make any Credit Extension or otherwise perform its obligations hereunder through any Lending Office (each, a Designated Lender); provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of such Borrower
to repay any Credit Extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Any Designated Lender shall be considered a Lender; provided that in the case of an Affiliate or branch of a Lender, all provisions applicable to a Lender
shall apply to such Affiliate or branch of such Lender to the same extent as such Lender.

2.17Incremental Commitments.

(a) Company Request. After the Closing Date or, solely with respect to any Incremental Facilities (as defined below) requested pursuant to clause (IV) of the definition of Incremental Cap, on
the Closing Date, the Company may by written notice to the Administrative Agent request (x) commitments (each, an Incremental Term Increase) to increase the aggregate principal amount of any existing Term Facility or to establish one
or more new Term Facilities (each, an Incremental Term Facility) and/or (y) commitments (each, an Incremental Revolving Increase) to increase the Revolving Credit Commitments under any existing Revolving Credit Facility or
to establish one or more new revolving facilities (each, an Incremental Revolving Credit Facility and, together with any Incremental Term Increase, Incremental Term Facility and Incremental Revolving Increase, the Incremental
Facilities) not to exceed the Incremental Cap available at the time any such Incremental Facility is funded or established, as applicable, from one or more lenders willing to provide such Incremental Facility in their sole discretion;
provided that each new lender under an Incremental Revolving Credit Facility or Incremental Revolving Increase shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender (which approvals
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) to the extent the same would be required for an assignment under Section 10.06. Each such notice shall specify (i) the date (each, an Incremental Effective Date) on
which the Company proposes that the Incremental Facility shall be effective, which shall be a date not less than 10 Business Days after the date on which such notice is delivered to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period approved by
the Administrative Agent) and (ii) the identity of each Eligible Assignee to whom the Borrower proposes any portion of such Incremental Facility be allocated and the amounts of such allocations; provided that any existing Lender
approached to provide all or a portion of the Incremental Facility may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to provide such Incremental Facility. Each Incremental Facility shall be in an aggregate amount of $50,000,000 or any whole
multiple of $5,000,000 in excess thereof (provided that (i) such amount may be less than $50,000,000 if such amount represents all remaining availability under the aggregate limit in respect of Incremental Facilities set forth above
and (ii) such multiple shall not be applicable with respect to the Incremental Facilities requested pursuant to clause (IV) of the definition of Incremental Cap on the Closing Date).

-115-

(b) Conditions. Each Incremental Facility shall become effective as of the Incremental Effective Date; provided that:

(i) each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 shall be satisfied; provided that, in the case of Section 4.02(a), to the extent such Incremental Facility
is being incurred to fund a Permitted Acquisition, such condition shall be limited to the Specified Representations;

(ii) as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to the incurrence of any Incremental Facility, any acquisition or investment
consummated in connection therewith and all other appropriate proforma adjustments (but (x) without netting any cash proceeds from such incurrence and (y) treating any proposed Incremental Revolving Credit Facility or proposed
Incremental Revolving Increase as fully drawn), the Company would be in compliance with Section 7.11; and

(iii) the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered officers certificates and legal opinions of the type delivered on the Closing Date to the extent reasonably requested by, and
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent.

(c) Terms of Incremental Facilities. The terms and provisions of the Incremental Facilities shall be as follows:

(i) the terms and provisions of (x) Revolving Credit Loans made pursuant to an Incremental Revolving Increase shall be identical to the Revolving Credit Loans under the Revolving
Credit Facility subject to such increase and (y) the Term Loans made pursuant to an Incremental Term Increase shall be identical to the Term Loans under the Term Facility subject to such increase, in each case, other than with respect to
upfront fees and customary arranger fees;

(ii) (x) maturity date of any Incremental Term A Facility shall be no earlier than the maturity date for the Term A-1 Facility, (y) the maturity date of any Incremental Term B Facility
shall be no earlier than the maturity date for the Term B-2-3 Facility and (z) the maturity date of any Incremental Revolving Credit Facility shall be no earlier than the maturity date for the Revolving Credit Facility;

-116-

(iii) the amortization schedule for each Incremental Term Facility shall be determined by the Borrower and the Lenders of such Incremental Facility; provided that (x) the
Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Incremental Term A Facility shall be no shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term A-1 Facility and (y) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Incremental Term B Facility
shall be no shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term B-2-3 Facility;

(iv) the Applicable Rate, interest margin, upfront fees and OID for each Incremental Facility shall be determined by the Borrower and the Lenders of such Incremental Facility; provided that in the event that the yield of any Incremental Term B Facility incurred within 12 months after the Seventh Amendment Effective Date pursuant to clauses
(II) or (III) of the definition of Incremental Cap exceeds the yield for the Term B-3 Facility on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date by more than 50 basis points, then the Applicable Rate for the Term B-3 Facility shall be increased
to the extent necessary so that the yield for the Incremental Term B Facility is not more than 50 basis points higher than the yield for the Term B-3 Facility; provided, further, that in determining the yield applicable to the Term
B-3 Facility and the yield for the Incremental Term B Facility, (x) interest margin, Term SOFR floor, Base Rate floor, OID or upfront fees (which shall be deemed to constitute like amounts of OID) payable by the Company for the account
of the Lenders of the Term B-3 Facility in the primary syndication thereof shall be included (with OID being equated to interest based on an assumed four-year life to maturity) as part of the yield of the Term B-3 Facility, and interest
margin, Eurocurrency Rate floor, Base Rate floor, OID or upfront fees (which shall be deemed to constitute like amounts of OID) payable by the Company for the account of the Lenders of the Incremental Term B Facility in the primary
syndication thereof shall be included (with OID being equated to interest based on an assumed four-year life to maturity) as part of the yield of the Incremental Term B Facility (y) customary
arrangement, structuring, underwriting, amendment or commitment fees payable to the Seventh Amendment Joint Lead Arrangers (or their affiliates) and the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers (or their affiliates) in connection with the Term B-3
Facility or to one or more arrangers (or their affiliates) of the Incremental Term B Facility shall be excluded, and (z) if the Term SOFR Rate, Eurocurrency Rate or Base Rate floor for the Incremental Term B Facility is greater than the
Term SOFR Rate, Eurocurrency Rate or Base Rate floor, respectively, for the Term B-3 Facility, the difference between such floor for the Incremental Term B Facility and the existing Term B-3 Facility shall be equated to an increase in the
yield for purposes of this clause (iv); provided, further, that this clause (iv) shall not apply to any Incremental Term B Facility that (x) is incurred to finance a Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment or (y) matures
more than two years after the Maturity Date with respect to the Term B-3 Loans;

(v) each Incremental Facility shall (x) be secured by a pari passu lien on the Collateral securing the Facilities on terms and pursuant to
documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (y) not have any guarantor who is not a Loan Party;

-117-

(vi) no Incremental Revolving Credit Facility shall require any scheduled amortization or mandatory commitment reductions or prepayments prior to the maturity date for the Revolving
Credit Facility;

(vii) any Incremental Revolving Credit Facility shall be on terms and pursuant to documentation as determined by the Company and the lenders providing such Incremental Revolving Credit
Facility agree; provided that to the extent the terms and documentation with respect to any Incremental Revolving Credit Facility are not consistent with the existing Revolving Credit Facility (except with respect to matters
contemplated by clauses (ii), (iv) and (vi) above), the terms, conditions and documentation of any such Incremental Revolving Credit Facility shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and

(viii) any Incremental Term Facility shall be on terms and pursuant to documentation as determined by the Company and the lenders providing such Incremental Term Facility agree; provided
that to the extent the terms and documentation with respect to any Incremental Term Facility are not consistent with the existing Term Loan Facilities (except with respect to matters contemplated by clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) above), the
terms, conditions and documentation of any such Incremental Term Facility shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(d) Additional Credit Extension Amendment. The Incremental Facilities shall be documented by an Additional Credit Extension Amendment executed by the Persons providing the Incremental Facilities
(and the other Persons specified in the definition of Additional Credit Extension Amendment but no other existing Lender), and the Additional Credit Extension Amendment may provide for such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Company, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.17.

(e) Adjustment of Revolving Credit Loans. In the case of an Incremental Revolving Increase, then each Revolving Credit Lender that is acquiring a Revolving Credit Commitment thereunder on the
Incremental Effective Date shall make a Revolving Credit Loan, the proceeds of which will be used to prepay Revolving Credit Loans of the other Revolving Credit Lenders immediately prior to such Incremental Effective Date, so that, after
giving effect thereto, the Revolving Credit Loans outstanding are held by the Revolving Credit Lenders pro rata based on their Revolving Credit Commitments after giving effect to such Incremental Effective Date. If there is a new borrowing
of Revolving Credit Loans on such Incremental Effective Date, the Revolving Credit Lenders after giving effect to such Incremental Effective Date shall make such Revolving Credit Loans in accordance with Section 2.01(c).

(f) Making of New Term Loans. On any Incremental Effective Date on which new Commitments for Term Loans are effective, subject to the satisfaction of the foregoing terms and conditions, each
Lender of such new Commitment shall make a Term Loan to the Company in an amount equal to its new Commitment.

-118-

(g) Equal and Ratable Benefit. The Loans and Commitments established pursuant to this Section 2.17 shall constitute Loans and Commitments under, and shall be entitled to all the benefits
afforded by, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall, without limiting the foregoing, benefit equally and ratably from the Guaranties and security interests created by the Collateral Documents. The Loan Parties shall take any
actions reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to ensure and/or demonstrate that the Lien and security interests granted by the Collateral Documents continue to be perfected under the UCC or otherwise after giving effect to the
establishment of any such Class of Loans or any such new Commitments.

(h) This Section 2.17 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.12 or Section 10.01 to the contrary.

2.18Refinancing Facilities.

(a) At any time after the Closing Date, the Company may obtain Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of (i) all or any portion of any Class of Term Loans then outstanding under this
Agreement (which for purposes of this clause (i) will be deemed to include any then outstanding Term Loans established pursuant to an Additional Credit Extension Amendment) or (ii) all or any portion of the Revolving Credit Loans (or unused
Revolving Credit Commitments) under this Agreement (which for purposes of this clause (ii) will be deemed to include any then outstanding Revolving Credit Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments established pursuant to an Additional Credit
Extension Amendment), in the form of (x) other Term Loans (Refinancing Term Loans) or (y) other Revolving Credit Loans (Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans) or other Revolving Credit Commitments (Refinancing Revolving
Credit Commitments), as the case may be, in each case pursuant to an Additional Credit Extension Amendment; provided that the Net Cash Proceeds of such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness shall be applied, substantially
concurrently with the incurrence thereof, to the prepayment of outstanding Term Loans or reduction of Revolving Credit Commitments being so Refinanced, as the case may be. The effectiveness of any Additional Credit Extension Amendment
establishing Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness shall be subject to the satisfaction on the date thereof of each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 and, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent,
receipt by the Administrative Agent of legal opinions, board resolutions, officers certificates and/or reaffirmation agreements. Any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness incurred under this Section 2.18 shall be in an aggregate
principal amount that is not less than $10,000,000 and an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (in each case unless the Company and the Administrative Agent otherwise agree). Any Additional Credit Extension Amendment
establishing Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness may provide for the issuance of letters of credit or the provision of swing line loans pursuant to any Revolving Credit Commitments of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness
established thereby, in each case on terms substantially equivalent to the terms applicable to Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans under the Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that no L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender shall be
required to act as L/C issuer or swing line lender under any such Additional Credit Extension Amendment without its written consent. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Additional
Credit Extension Amendment. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of any Additional Credit Extension Amendment establishing Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to
the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and terms of the Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant thereto (including any amendments necessary to treat the Loans and Commitments subject thereto
as Term Loans, Revolving Credit Loans, Revolving Credit Commitments and/or Term Commitments). Any Additional Credit Extension Amendment establishing Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness may, without the consent of any other Lenders,
effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Company, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.18.

-119-

(b) This Section 2.18 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.12 or Section 10.01 to the contrary.

2.19Amend and Extend Transactions

(a) The Company may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent from time to time, request an extension (each, an Extension) of the maturity date of any Loans and Commitments to the extended
maturity date specified in such notice. Such notice shall (i) set forth the amount of the applicable Class of Revolving Credit Commitments and/or Term Loans that will be subject to the Extension (which shall be in a minimum amount of
$100,000,000), (ii) set forth the date on which such Extension is requested to become effective (which shall be not less than ten (10) Business Days nor more than sixty (60) days after the date of such Extension notice (or such longer or
shorter periods as the Administrative Agent shall agree in its sole discretion)) and (iii) identify the relevant Class of Revolving Credit Commitments and/or Term Loans to which such Extension relates. Each Lender of the applicable Class of
Revolving Credit Commitments and/or Term Loans shall be offered (an Extension Offer) an opportunity to participate in such Extension on a pro rata basis and on the same terms and conditions as each other Lender of such Class of
Revolving Credit Commitments and/or Term Loans pursuant to procedures established by, or reasonably acceptable to, the Administrative Agent and the Company. If the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Credit Commitments or Term Loans in
respect of which Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Extension Offer shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Revolving Credit Commitments or Term Loans, as applicable, subject to the Extension Offer as set forth in the
Extension notice, then the Revolving Credit Commitments or Term Loans, as applicable, of Lenders of the applicable Revolving Credit Commitments and/or Term Loans shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective
principal amounts with respect to which such Lenders have accepted such Extension Offer.

(b) The following shall be conditions precedent to the effectiveness of any Extension: (i) the conditions set forth in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) shall be satisfied (as if the references
therein to Credit Extension were replaced with Extension), (ii) the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender shall have consented to any Extension of the Revolving Credit Commitments, to the extent that such Extension provides for the issuance or
extension of Letters of Credit or making of Swing Line Loans at any time during the extended period and (iii) the terms of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and Extended Term Loans shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section
2.19.

-120-

(c) The terms of each Extension shall be determined by the Company and the applicable extending Lenders and set forth in an Additional Credit Extension Amendment; provided that (i) the final
maturity date of any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment or Extended Term Loan shall be no earlier than the Maturity Date of the Revolving Credit Facility or the Maturity Date of the applicable Term Loans, respectively, (ii)(A) there shall
be no scheduled amortization of the loans or reductions of commitments under any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and (B) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Extended Term Loans shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted
Average Life to Maturity of the existing Term Loans, (iii) the Extended Revolving Credit Loans and the Extended Term Loans will rank pari passu in right of payment and with respect to security with
the existing Revolving Credit Loans and the existing Term Loans and the borrower and the guarantors of the Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Term Loans, as applicable, shall be the same as the Loan Parties with respect to the
existing Revolving Credit Loans or Term Loans, as applicable, (iv) the interest rate margin, rate floors, fees, OID and premium applicable to any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment (and the Extended Revolving Credit Loans thereunder) and
Extended Term Loans shall be determined by the Company and the applicable extending Lenders, (v)(A) the Extended Term Loans may participate on a pro rata or less than pro rata (but not greater than pro rata) basis in voluntary or mandatory
prepayments with the other Term Loans of the Class being extended and (B) borrowing and prepayment of Extended Revolving Credit Loans, or reductions of Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, and participation in Letters of Credit and Swing
Line Loans, shall be on a pro rata basis with the other Revolving Credit Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments of the Class being extended (other than upon the maturity of the non-extended Revolving Credit Loans and Revolving Credit
Commitments) and (vi) the terms of the Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Term Loans, as applicable, shall be substantially identical to the terms set forth herein with respect to the applicable Class being extended (except as
set forth in clauses (i) through (v) above).

(d) In connection with any Extension, the Company, the Administrative Agent and each applicable extending Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Additional Credit Extension
Amendment and such other documentation as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably specify to evidence the Extension. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Extension. Any Additional
Credit Extension Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lender, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the
Company, to implement the terms of any such Extension, including any amendments necessary to establish Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Term Loans as a new Class or tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments or Term Loans, as
applicable, and such other technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Company in connection with the establishment of such new Class or tranche (including to preserve
the pro rata treatment of the extended and non-extended Classes or tranches and to provide for the reallocation of Total Revolving Credit Outstandings upon the expiration or termination of the commitments under any Class or tranche), in each
case on terms consistent with this Section 2.19.

(e) This Section 2.19 shall supersede any provision in Section 2.12 or Section 10.01 to the contrary.

-121-

ARTICLE III

TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY

3.01Taxes.

(a) Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes. (i) All payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made
without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of the applicable withholding agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax
from any such payment by the Administrative Agent, any Loan Party or any other applicable withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and
documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below.

(ii) If any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any other applicable withholding agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup
withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to withhold or make such deductions as are determined by the withholding agent to be required based upon the information and
documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) the applicable withholding agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code, and (C) to the
extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions for
Indemnified Taxes (including deductions for Indemnified Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding
or deduction been made.

(iii) If any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any other applicable withholding agent shall be required by any applicable Laws other than the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment,
then (A) such withholding agent, as required by such Laws, shall be entitled to withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e)
below, (B) such withholding agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or
deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions for Indemnified Taxes (including
deductions for Indemnified Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made.

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers. Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Borrowers shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with
applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.

-122-

(c) Tax Indemnifications. (i) Each of the Loan Parties shall indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount
of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such
Recipient, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. If a Loan Party determines in its
reasonable judgment that a reasonable basis exists for pursuing a refund of an Indemnified Tax or Other Tax, the Administrative Agent, any Lender, or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, shall reasonably cooperate with such Loan Party in
pursuing such refund. A reasonably detailed certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Lender or the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own
behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each of the Loan Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after written demand
therefor, for any amount that a Lender or the L/C Issuer for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below. Any such claim against a Loan Party must be made within
90 days of the payment to which such claim relates.

(ii) Each Lender and the L/C Issuer shall severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes
attributable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of such Loan Party to do so), (y)
the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) the
Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or a Borrower in connection with any Loan
Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, in each case, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of
such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at
any time owing to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii).

(d) Evidence of Payments. Upon request by a Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of Taxes by any Borrower or by the
Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01, such Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to such Borrower, as the case may be, the original or
a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to such Borrower or the
Administrative Agent, as the case may be.

-123-

(e) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation. (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to any payments made under any Loan Document shall
deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by applicable Laws or when reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by
applicable law or the taxing authorities of a jurisdiction pursuant to such applicable law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of
withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent
as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences,
the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation either (A) set forth in Sections 3.01(e)(ii)(A), (B) and (D) below or (B) required by applicable law other than the Code or
the taxing authorities of the jurisdiction pursuant to such applicable law to comply with the requirements for exemption or reduction of withholding tax in that jurisdiction) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such
completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that a Borrower is a U.S. Person,

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and
from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W 9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally eligible to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the
recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company on behalf of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent),
whichever of the following is applicable:

(I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan
Document, two duly executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to
any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, two duly executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits
or other income article of such tax treaty;

-124-

(II) two duly executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit

M-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled
foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and that no payments under any Loan Document are effectively connected with the Foreign Lenders conduct of a United States trade or business (a U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate) and (y) two duly executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable; or

(IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner (for example, where the Lender is a partnership or a participating Lender), two duly executed originals of IRS Form
W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit M-2 or Exhibit M-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each
beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership (and not a participating Lender) and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption,
such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit M-4 on behalf of such direct and indirect partner(s);

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally eligible to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the
recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other
form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the
Company or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable
reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such
time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably
requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine whether such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations
under FATCA and to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

-125-

(iii) Each Lender agrees that if any documentation it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall promptly update such
documentation or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal ineligibility to do so.

(iv) A Treaty Lender and a Designated Borrower that is resident in the United Kingdom for tax purposes or any Designated Borrower or Foreign Subsidiary Guarantor that is making payments of interest which
arise in the United Kingdom shall cooperate in completing any procedural formalities necessary for the Designated Borrower or the Foreign Subsidiary Guarantor, as the case may be, to obtain authorization to make payments to the Treaty Lender
with respect to a Loan to the Designated Borrower or with respect to a Foreign Subsidiary Guarantor without or with a reduction of withholding Tax. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that a Designated Borrower is
resident in the United Kingdom for tax purposes:

(A) any Treaty Lender that holds a passport under the UK HM Revenue & Customs DT Treaty Passport Scheme, and which wishes that scheme to apply to this Agreement, shall notify its
scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence to such Designated Borrower and the Administrative Agent within 30 days of such Designated Borrower becoming a Designated Borrower hereunder, if the Treaty Lender is a Lender as of
such date, and in the Assignment and Assumption, if the Treaty Lender becomes a Lender after such date;

(B) if a Lender has notified its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with Section 3.01(e)(iv)(A), the relevant Designated Borrower shall
file a duly completed Form DTTP2 to HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of such notification and deliver a copy of the completed Form DTTP2 to the relevant Lender and Administrative Agent; provided that the failure by such
Designated Borrower to file the form DTTP2 with regard to a particular Lender shall not negate such Designated Borrowers obligations with regard to the UK tax gross up/indemnity provisions contained in this Agreement;

(C) if a Lender has not notified its scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with Section 3.01(e)(iv)(A), no Designated Borrower shall make any
filing or notification relating to the UK HMRC DT Treaty Passport Scheme in respect of that Lender or its participation in any Loan unless the Lender otherwise agrees;

(D) such Designated Borrower shall cooperate with the Lender in completing any additional procedural formalities necessary for that Designated Borrower to obtain authorization to make
that payment without or with a reduction of withholding Tax; and

(E) Each Treaty Lender shall provide new details (or successor details) to the Designated Borrower and Administrative Agent upon the expiration or obsolescence of any previously
delivered details.

-126-

(v) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3.01(e), no Lender shall be required to deliver any documentation pursuant to this Section 3.01(e) that such Lender is not
legally eligible to deliver. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to deliver to the Borrowers and any successor Administrative Agent any documentation provided by such Lender to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section

3.01(e).

(f) Treatment of Certain Refunds. Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or the
L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or the L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its
sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund (whether such refund is received in cash or applied against any other Tax liability) of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Borrower or with respect to
which any Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall pay to such Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by a Borrower
under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant
Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that each Borrower, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the
relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable
Recipient be required to pay any amount to such Borrower pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to
indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed
to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to any Borrower or any other Person.

(g) Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement
of, a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations.

(h) For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this Section 3.01, the term Lender includes any L/C Issuer and any Swing Line Lender.

-127-

3.02Illegality. If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental
Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate, Term SOFR, SOFR or the SONIA Rate or to determine
or charge interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate, Term SOFR, SOFR or SONIA Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars or
any Alternative Currency in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Company through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR
Loans, SONIA Rate Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans in the affected currency or currencies or, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, to convert Base Rate Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans to Term SOFR Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans, shall be
suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base
Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent
and the Company that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrowers shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable
and such Loans are denominated in Dollars, convert all such Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which the Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the
Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loans to such day, or immediately, if such
Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such
suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or
charge interest rates based upon Term SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted.

3.03Inability to Determine Rates.

(a) If in connection with any request for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan, SONIA Rate Loan or Daily Simple SOFR Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof, (i) the Administrative Agent
determines that (A) deposits (whether in Dollars or an Alternative Currency) are not being offered to banks in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurocurrency Rate
Loan or Term SOFR Loan, as applicable, for the relevant period in the case of a SONIA Rate Loan or for a period of one month in the case of Daily Simple SOFR Loan, (B) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the
Eurocurrency Rate or Term SOFR, as applicable, for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan, as applicable (whether denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency), for the relevant
period in the case of a SONIA Rate Loan or for a period of one month in the case of Daily Simple SOFR Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan or (C) a fundamental change has occurred in the foreign exchange or
interbank markets with respect to such Alternative Currency (including, without limitation, changes in national or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls) which makes the
funding or maintaining of Loans in such Alternative Currency impractical for the Appropriate Lenders (in each case with respect to clause (i), Impacted Loans), or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Appropriate Lenders determine
that for any reason the Eurocurrency Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Rate Loan, Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan or the relevant period for a
SONIA Rate Loan or Daily Simple SOFR Loan, does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Company and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of
the Lenders to make or maintain Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans, SONIA Rate Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans, as applicable, in the affected currency or currencies shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Eurocurrency Rate
Loans, Term SOFR Loans, SONIA Rate Loans, Daily Simple SOFR Loans or periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Term
SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Appropriate Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the applicable Borrower may
revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans, SONIA Rate Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans in the affected currency or currencies (to the extent of the affected
Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans, SONIA Rate Loans, Daily Simple SOFR Loans or periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in Dollars in the amount
specified therein.

-128-

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent has made the determination described in clause (a)(i) of this Section 3.03, the Administrative Agent in consultation with the
Company and the Appropriate Lenders, may establish an alternative interest rate for the Impacted Loans, in which case, such alternative rate of interest shall apply with respect to the Impacted Loans until (1) the Administrative Agent revokes
the notice delivered with respect to the Impacted Loans under clause (a)(i) of this Section 3.03, (2) the Administrative Agent or the Appropriate Lenders notify the Administrative Agent and the Company that such alternative interest
rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding the Impacted Loans, or (3) any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such
Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to such alternative rate of interest or to determine or charge interest rates based upon such rate or any Governmental Authority
has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to do any of the foregoing and provides the Administrative Agent and the Company written notice thereof.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the
Company or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Company) that the Company or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that:

(i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Term SOFR for any Interest Period hereunder or any other tenors of Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because
the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or

-129-

(ii) the administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator has made a public statement
identifying a specific date after which Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall no longer be made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor
administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide Term SOFR after such specific date (such specific date, the Scheduled Unavailability Date); or

(iii) the administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such administrator has made a public statement announcing that all Interest
Periods and other tenors of Term SOFR are no longer representative; or

(iv) syndicated loans currently being executed, or that include language similar to that contained in this Section 3.03, are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or
adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace Term SOFR;

then, in the cases of clauses (i)-(iii) above, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant
interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and shall occur within a reasonable period of time after the occurrence of any of the events or circumstances under clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above and, solely with respect to
clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with SOFR plus the Related Adjustment, without any amendment to,
or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Term SOFR Successor Rateand any such rate before giving effect to the Related Adjustment,
the Pre-Adjustment Successor Rate) and in the case of clause (iv) above, the Company and Administrative Agent may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR under this Agreement and under any other Loan
Document in accordance with the definition of Term SOFR Successor Rate and such amendment will become effective at 5:00 p.m., on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have notified all Lenders and the Company of the
occurrence of the circumstances described in clause (iv) above unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to the
implementation of a Term SOFR Successor Rate pursuant to such clause.

The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Company and each Lender of (x) any occurrence of any of the events, periods or circumstances under clauses (i)
through (iii) above, (y) a Term SOFR Replacement Date and (z) the Term SOFR Successor Rate.

Any Term SOFR Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the
Administrative Agent, such Term SOFR Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent.

Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Tern SOFR Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Term SOFR Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

-130-

In connection with the implementation of a Term SOFR Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Term SOFR Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Term SOFR Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided
that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Term SOFR Conforming Changes to the Company and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes
effective.

(d) Dollar Denominated Successor Rate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) after any such determination by the Administrative Agent or receipt by the Administrative Agent of any
such notice described under Section 3.03(c)(i)-(iii), as applicable, if the Administrative Agent determines that the Term SOFR Successor Rate is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, (ii) if the events or
circumstances described in Section 3.03(c)(iv) have occurred but the Term SOFR Successor Rate is not available, or (iii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(c)(i)-(iii) have occurred with
respect to the Term SOFR Successor Rate then in effect and the Administrative Agent determines that none of the Term SOFR Successor Rates is available, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend this Agreement
solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then current Term SOFR Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 3.03 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest
calculated, as applicable, with another alternate benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities for such alternative benchmarks and, in
each case, including any Related Adjustments and other mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities
for such benchmarks, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically
updated. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments shall constitute a Term SOFR Successor Rate. Any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall
have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Company unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such
amendment.

(e) Non-Dollar Denominated Successor Rate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(c)(i)-(iv)
have occurred with respect to the applicable reference rate for an Alternative Currency, then the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing the reference rate for the Alternative
Currency or any then current Successor Rate for such Alternative Currency in accordance with this Section 3.03 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable,
with another alternate benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar syndicated credit facilities syndicated in the U.S. and denominated in the Alternative Currency for such alternative
benchmarks and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar syndicated credit facilities syndicated in the U.S. and
denominated in the Alternative Currency for such benchmarks (each, an Adjustment; and any such proposed rate for an Alternative Currency, a Successor Rate). Any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth
Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Company unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Revolving Credit Lenders have delivered to the Administrative
Agent written notice that such Required Revolving Credit Lenders object to such amendment. Such Successor Rate for the Alternative Currency shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such
market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate for such Alternative Currency shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent.

-131-

(f) No Successor Rate. If, at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, no Term SOFR Successor Rate or
Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with clauses (c), (d) or (e) of this Section 3.03 and the circumstances under clauses (c)(i) or (c)(iii) above exist or the Scheduled
Unavailability Date has occurred (as applicable), the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Company and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans and
SONIA Rate Loans shall be suspended, (to the extent of the affected Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans and SONIA Rate Loans, Interest Periods, interest payment dates or payment periods), and (y) the Term SOFR component shall no longer
be utilized in determining the Base Rate, until the applicable Term SOFR Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with clauses (c), (d) or (e). Upon receipt of such notice with respect to Term SOFR Loans, the
applicable Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans, Interest Periods, interest payment dates or payment periods) or, failing
that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans (subject to the foregoing clause (y)) in the amount specified therein. Upon receipt of such notice with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Loans
or SONIA Rate Loans, (i) the applicable Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SONIA Rate Loans in each such affected Alternative Currency (to the extent of the
affected Eurocurrency Rate Loans, SONIA Rate Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted each such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of
the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding affected SONIA Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, at the Companys election, shall either (1) be converted into a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans
denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such outstanding SONIA Rate Loan or Eurocurrency Rate Loan at the end of the applicable Interest Period or (2) be prepaid at the end of the applicable Interest Period in full; provided
that if no election is made by the Company by the earlier of (x) the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Company of such notice and (y) the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable SONIA Rate Loan or
Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the Company shall be deemed to have elected clause (1) above.

3.04 Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans, SONIA Rate Loans and Daily Simple SOFR Loans.

(a) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall:

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or
credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by Section 3.04(e)) or the L/C Issuer;

(ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection
Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or

-132-

(iii) impose on any Lender or the L/C Issuer or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans,
SONIA Rate Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan the interest on which is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate, Term SOFR, SONIA
Rate and Daily Simple SOFR (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or the L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation
to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender
or the L/C Issuer, the Company will pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case
may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered; provided that no Lender or the L/C Issuer shall be entitled to demand compensation under this clause (a) if it is not the general policy or practice of such Lender or
the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to demand it in similar circumstances under comparable provisions of other credit agreements (it being understood that this provision shall not be construed to obligate any Lender or L/C Issuer to make
available any information that, in its sole discretion, it deems confidential).

(b) Capital Requirements. If any Lender or the L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lenders or the
L/C Issuers holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or the L/C Issuers capital or on the capital of such Lenders or the L/C Issuers
holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the L/C
Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lenders or the L/C Issuers holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or the L/C Issuers policies and
the policies of such Lenders or the L/C Issuers holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Company will pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the
case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lenders or the L/C Issuers holding company for any such reduction suffered.

(c) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender or the L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or its holding company,
as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 3.04 and delivered to the Company shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) such
Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.

-133-

(d) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a
waiver of such Lenders or the L/C Issuers right to demand such compensation, provided that no Borrower shall be required to compensate a Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 for
any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions
and of such Lenders or the L/C Issuers intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be
extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof).

(e) Additional Reserve Requirements. The Company shall pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) to each Lender, (i) as long as such
Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as Eurocurrency liabilities), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount
of each Eurocurrency Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan, SONIA Rate loan and Daily Simple SOFR Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall
be conclusive absent demonstrable error), and (ii) as long as such Lender shall be required to comply with any reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of
the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans, SONIA Rate Loans and Daily Simple SOFR Loans (other than to the extent required to be reimbursed pursuant to the foregoing clause (i)), such
additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good
faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error), which in each case shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan, provided the Company shall have received at least 10 days
prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest or costs from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional

interest or costs shall be due and payable 10 days from receipt of such notice.

3.05Compensation for Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time
to time, the Company shall promptly compensate (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to compensate) such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of:

(a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether
voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise);

(b) any failure by any Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the
date or in the amount notified by the Company or the applicable Designated Borrower;

-134-

(c) any failure by any Borrower to make payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereon) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due
date or any payment thereof in a different currency; or

(d) any assignment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section

10.13;

excluding any loss of anticipated profits, but including any foreign exchange losses and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan, from fees payable to terminate the
deposits from which such funds were obtained or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract. The Company shall also pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender
in connection with the foregoing.

For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Company (or the applicable Designated Borrower) to the Lenders under this Section 3.05, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurocurrency Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan,
SONIA Rate Loan and Daily Simple SOFR Loan made by it at the Eurocurrency Rate or Term SOFR for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the offshore interbank market for such currency for a comparable amount and for a comparable
period, whether or not such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan, SONIA Rate Loan or Daily Simple SOFR Loan was in fact so funded.

3.06Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

(a) Designation of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or requires any Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any
Lender, the L/C Issuer, or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01, or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then at the request of the Company such
Lender or the L/C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or
affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need
for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02, as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such
Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. The Company hereby agrees to pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or the L/C Issuer in connection with any such
designation or assignment.

(b) Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or if any Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any
Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a), the Company
may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13.

-135-

3.07Survival. All obligations of the Borrowers under this Article III shall survive termination of
the Revolving Credit Facility, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation of the Administrative Agent.

3.08Obligations Under Article III. The obligations under this Article III of each Borrower that is
a Domestic Subsidiary shall be joint and several in nature. The obligations under this Article III of all Designated Borrowers that are Foreign Subsidiaries and of the Specified Designated Borrower shall be several in nature.

ARTICLE IV

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS

4.01[Reserved].

4.02Conditions to All Credit Extensions. The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit
Extension (other than (x) the Loans on the Closing Date, the conditions with respect to which are set forth in the Restatement Agreement and (y) a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of
Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent:

(a) Subject to the limitations in Section 2.17(b)(i) and in the final paragraph of this Section 4.02, the representations and warranties of (i) the Borrowers contained
in Article V and (ii) each Loan Party contained in each other Loan Document or in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct (or true and correct in all material
respects, in the case of any such representation or warranty that is not qualified as to materiality) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an
earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct (or true and correct in all material respects, in the case of any such representation or warranty that is not qualified as to materiality) as of such earlier date, and except that for
purposes of this Section 4.02, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b),
respectively, of Section 6.01.

(b) Subject to the limitations in Section 2.17(b)(i) and in the final paragraph of this Section 4.02, no Default or Event of Default shall exist, or would result from
such proposed Credit Extension or the application of the proceeds thereof.

(c) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof.

(d) If the applicable Borrower is a Designated Borrower, then the conditions of Section 2.14 to the designation of such Borrower as a Designated Borrower shall have been met to
the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent.

-136-

(e) In the case of a Credit Extension to be denominated in an Alternative Currency, there shall not have occurred any change in national or international financial, political or
economic conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls which in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, the Required Revolving Credit Lenders (in the case of any Loans to be denominated in an Alternative Currency) or
the L/C Issuer (in the case of any Letter of Credit to be denominated in an Alternative Currency) would make it impracticable for such Credit Extension to be denominated in the relevant Alternative Currency.

Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans) submitted by the Company shall be deemed to be a
representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension.

4.03Conditions to Credit Extension to Specified Designated Borrower. The obligation of each Lender to make
its initial Credit Extension to the Specified Designated Borrower is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent in the reasonable determination of the Administrative Agent, and to the Administrative Agents notification
to the Company (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) that such conditions precedent have been satisfied:

(a) Each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 shall have been satisfied.

(b) The Administrative Agent shall have received the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each
properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Specified Designated Borrower, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Revolving Credit Lenders:

(i) All documents that would be required to be delivered by the Specified Designated Borrower, the Loan Parties and other Subsidiaries under Section 2.14 and Section
6.13 if the Specified Designated Borrower had become a Designated Borrower on the first day following the Closing Date; and

(ii) Notes executed by the Specified Designated Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting such Notes.

ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Each Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on the date of each Credit Extension that:

-137-

5.01Existence, Qualification and Power. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof (a) is duly organized
or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations,
consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as
applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except (I) in connection with Fundamental Changes or
Dispositions made in accordance with Sections 7.04 or 7.05, and (II) in each case referred to in clause (a) (except with respect to the Borrowers), (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.02Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party and the
Specified Designated Borrower of each Loan Document to which such Person is party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Persons
Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such
Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Law,
except, in each case referred to in clauses (b) or (c), to the extent that the same could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

5.03Governmental Authorization; Other Consents. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other
action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person (except as has been or will be taken in connection with, and prior to, the execution and delivery of each such document) is necessary or required in
connection with the (a) execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) the grant by any Loan Party of the Liens granted by
it pursuant to the Foreign Subsidiary Pledge Documents or, (c) other than filings and registrations as have been made (or, in jurisdictions in which it is not customary to make such filings or registrations until after the delivery of the
applicable security documentation, will be made promptly after the entry into the applicable Foreign Subsidiary Pledge Documents), the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Foreign Subsidiary Pledge Documents (including the
first priority nature thereof).

5.04Binding Effect. This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will
have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party and the Specified Designated Borrower that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding
obligation of such Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower, as applicable, enforceable against each Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower, as applicable, that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, except to the
extent that the enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws generally affecting creditors rights and by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is
sought in equity or at law).

-138-

5.05Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect.

(a) The Historical Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; (ii) fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the
period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (iii) reflect or disclose all material indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including
liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness.

(b) The financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(b) (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as
otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject, in
the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end adjustments. There is no material indebtedness or other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the date
of such financial statements, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness, to the extent required to be disclosed in accordance with GAAP that is not set forth in such financial statements.

(c) Since December 31, 2014, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.06Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, at law, in equity, in arbitration or
before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the
transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) either individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.07No Default. Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to
any Contractual Obligation that could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

5.08Ownership of Property; Liens. Each of the Company and each Subsidiary has good record and marketable
title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. The property of the Company and its Subsidiaries is subject to no Liens, other than Liens permitted by Section 7.01.

-139-

5.09Environmental Compliance. The Company and its Subsidiaries conduct in the ordinary course of business
a review of the effect of existing Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on their respective businesses, operations and properties, and as a result thereof the
Company has reasonably concluded thatsuch Environmental Laws and claims could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.10Insurance. The properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and
reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Company, in such amounts with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where
the Company or the applicable Subsidiary operates.

5.11Taxes. The Company and its Subsidiaries (a) have filed all Federal, state and other material tax
returns and reports required to be filed, and (b) have paid all Federal, state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and
payable, except, in the case of this clause (b), (i) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP or (ii) to the
extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There is no proposed tax assessment against the Company or any Subsidiary that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither
any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is party to any tax sharing agreement, other than the Tax Receivable Agreement.

5.12ERISA Compliance.

(a) Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state laws. Each Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under
Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS to the effect that the form of such Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the IRS to be
exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS. To the best knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred that would prevent or cause the loss of
such tax-qualified status. The representations in this Section 5.12 are qualified, with respect to Multiemployer Plans only, as being to the knowledge of the Company.

(b) There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

-140-

(c) (i) No ERISA Event has occurred, and neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has any knowledge of any fact, event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an
ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Plan which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) the Company and each ERISA Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect
of each Pension Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the Pension Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained; (iii) as of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage
(as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is 60% or higher and neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage for any
such plan to drop below 60% as of the most recent valuation date; (iv) neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability to the PBGC other than for the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have
become due that are unpaid; and (v) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA.

(d) With respect to any Foreign Plan, none of the following events or conditions exists and is continuing that, either individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect: (i) substantial non-compliance with its terms and with the requirements of any and all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders; (ii) failure to be maintained, where required, in good standing with applicable
regulatory authorities; (iii) any obligation of the Company or its Subsidiaries in connection with the termination or partial termination of, or withdrawal from, any Foreign Plan; (iv) any Lien on the property of the Company or its
Subsidiaries in favor of a Governmental Authority as a result of any action or inaction regarding a Foreign Plan; (v) for each Foreign Plan which is a funded or insured plan, failure to be funded or insured on an ongoing basis to the extent
required by applicable non-U.S. law (using actuarial methods and assumptions which are consistent with the valuations last filed with the applicable Governmental Authorities) or otherwise in accordance with good practice; (vi) any facts that,
to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, exist that would reasonably be expected to give rise to a dispute and any pending or threatened disputes that, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, would
reasonably be expected to result in a material liability to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries concerning the assets of any Foreign Plan (other than individual claims for the payment of benefits); (vii) failure to make all contributions
in a timely manner to the extent required by applicable non-U.S. law and (viii) any failure to obtain or retain approval or qualification by and/or due registration with the appropriate taxation, social security, supervisory, fiscal or other
applicable governmental entities in the relevant state or jurisdiction, in order to obtain tax approved, favored or qualified status in the relevant jurisdiction.

5.13Subsidiaries; Equity Interests. As of the Closing Date, (a) the Company has no Subsidiaries other than
those specifically disclosed in Part (a) of Schedule 5.13, and all of the outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and are free and clear of all Liens except those
created or permitted under the Loan Documents. As of the Closing Date, the Company has no equity investments in any other corporation or entity other than Cash Equivalents and those specifically disclosed in Part (a) and Part (b) of Schedule

5.13. All of the outstanding Equity Interests in the Company have been validly issued, and are fully paid and nonassessable. The Organization Documents of companies whose Equity Interests are subject to Liens pursuant to the
Collateral Documents do not restrict or inhibit any transfer of such Equity Interests or creation or enforcement of such Liens.

-141-

5.14Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act.

(a) No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used in a manner that would result in a violation of Regulation U or any of the other Regulations of the FRB. If requested by any Lender or the
Administrative Agent, the Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a statement to the forgoing effect in conformity with the requirements of FR Form G-3 or FR Form U-1, as applicable, referred to in Regulation U.

(b) No Loan Party is is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

5.15Disclosure.

(a) The Company has, either directly or as attached to the Companys disclosures filed with the SEC on form 10-K or 10-Q, disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all agreements, instruments
and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No report, financial statement, certificate or
other information furnished (whether in writing or orally) by or on behalf of any Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the
negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Company represents only that such information
was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.

(b) As of the Closing Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certifications provided on or prior to the Closing Date is true and correct in all respects.

5.16Compliance with Laws. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance in all material
respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.17Taxpayer Identification Number; Other Identifying Information. The true and correct U.S. taxpayer
identification number of the Company and each Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary and a party hereto on the Closing Dateis set forth on Schedule 10.02. The true and correct
unique identification number of the Specified Designated Borrower and WEX International Holdings that has been issued by its jurisdiction of organization and the name of such jurisdiction are set forth on Schedule 5.17.

-142-

5.18Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc.

The Company and its Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights (collectively, IP
Rights) that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, without conflict with the rights of any other Person. Except for instances that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no slogan or other advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by the Company or any Subsidiary infringes upon
any rights held by any other Person. No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.

5.19Representations as to Foreign Loan Parties and the Specified Designated Borrower. As to each Foreign Loan Party and Specified Designated Borrower:

(a) Such Foreign Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower is
subject to civil and commercial Laws with respect to its obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party (collectively as to such Foreign Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower, the Applicable
Foreign Loan Party Documents), and the execution, delivery and performance by such Foreign Loan Party or Specified Designated Borrower of the Applicable Foreign Loan Party Documents constitute and will constitute private and
commercial acts and not public or governmental acts. Neither such Foreign Loan Party, the Specified Designated Borrower, nor any of its respective property has any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether
through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) under the laws of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower is organized and
existing in respect of its obligations under the Applicable Foreign Loan Party Documents;

(b) The Applicable Foreign Loan Party Documents are in proper legal form under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Loan Party or the Specified
Designated Borrower is organized and existing for the enforcement thereof against such Foreign Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower, as applicable, under the Laws of such jurisdiction, and to ensure the legality, validity,
enforceability, priority or admissibility in evidence of the Applicable Foreign Loan Party Documents. It is not necessary to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability, priority or admissibility in evidence of the Applicable Foreign Loan
Party Documents that the Applicable Foreign Loan Party Documents be filed, registered or recorded with, or executed or notarized before, any court or other authority in the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Loan Party or the Specified
Designated Borrower is organized and existing or that any registration charge or stamp or similar tax be paid on or in respect of the Applicable Foreign Loan Party Documents or any other document, except for (i) any such filing, registration,
recording, execution or notarization as has been (or will promptly be) made or is not required to be made until the Applicable Foreign Loan Party Document or any other document is sought to be enforced and (ii) any charge or tax as has been
timely paid;

-143-

(c) There is no tax, levy, impost, duty, fee, assessment or other governmental charge, or any deduction or withholding, imposed by any Governmental Authority in or
of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower is organized and existing either (i) on or by virtue of the execution or delivery of the Applicable Foreign Loan Party Documents or (ii) on any payment
to be made by such Foreign Loan Party pursuant or Specified Designated Borrower to the Applicable Foreign Loan Party Documents, except as has been disclosed to the Administrative Agent;

(d) For the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast Insolvency
Regulation) (the Regulations), such Foreign Loan Partys or the Specified Designated Borrowers centre of main interest (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the Regulations) is situated in its jurisdiction of incorporation and it
has no establishment (as that term is used in Article 2(h) of the Regulations) in any other jurisdiction;

(e) The choice of governing law of the Applicable Foreign Loan Party Documents will be recognized and enforced in its Relevant Jurisdiction;

(f) Any judgment obtained in relation to an Applicable Foreign Loan Party Document in the jurisdiction of the governing law of such Applicable Foreign Loan Party
Document will be recognized and enforced in its Relevant Jurisdiction.

(g) The execution, delivery and performance of the Applicable Foreign Loan Party Documents executed by such Foreign Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower
are, under applicable foreign exchange control regulations of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Loan Party is organized and existing, not subject to any notification or authorization except (i) such as have been made or obtained or (ii)
such as cannot be made or obtained until a later date (provided that any notification or authorization described in clause (ii) shall be made or obtained as soon as is reasonably practicable).

5.20Solvency. Each of (a) the Company and its
Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, and (b) WEX Bank and each other Material Bank Regulated Subsidiary, on a stand-alone basis, is Solvent.

5.21OFAC. Neither the Company, nor any of its
Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company and its Subsidiaries, any director, officer or employee thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by any individual or entity that is (i) currently the subject
or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFACs List of Specially Designated Nationals, HMTs Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated
Jurisdiction.

5.22Anti-Corruption Laws. The Company and its
Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with all Anti-Corruption Laws and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.

-144-

5.23PATRIOT Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of (i) any applicable
laws relating to terrorism or money laundering, including Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 23, 2001 or (ii) the USA PATRIOT Act.

5.24 Use of Proceeds Use
of Proceeds. The use of proceeds of the Loans and the Letters of Credit will not violate any Anti-Corruption Laws, any
Sanctions, the USA PATRIOT Act or the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended).Collateral Documents. 
The provisions of the Collateral Documents are effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a legal, valid and enforceable first priority Lien on all rights, title and interest of the
respective Loan Parties in the Collateral described therein (subject to Liens permitted by Section 7.01), and such Liens constitute perfected Liens on such Collateral securing the Obligations, to the extent required to be
perfected under the Loan Documents.

5.26Affected Financial Institution. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution.

ARTICLE VI

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, the Company shall, and shall (except in the case of the
covenants set forth in Sections 6.01, 6.02, and 6.03) cause each Subsidiary to:

6.01Financial Statements. Deliver to the Administrative Agent (on behalf of each Lender), in form and
detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders:

(a) as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days (or, in the case of clause (iii) below, within 120 days) after the end of each fiscal year of the Company:

(i) a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations,
shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a
report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going
concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (other than solely with respect to, or resulting solely from an upcoming maturity date under the Facilities, any Incremental
Facilities or any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness occurring within one year from the time such opinion is delivered or any potential inability to satisfy a financial maintenance covenant with respect to any Facility, any Incremental
Facility or any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness on a future date or in a future period);

-145-

(ii) the unaudited balance sheet of the Company (on a stand-alone basis) and related unaudited statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for
such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the previous fiscal year, in reasonable detail, certified by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the
Company as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company in accordance with GAAP consistently applied; and

(iii) the audited consolidated balance sheet and related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of WEX Bank and each other Material Bank Regulated
Subsidiary and their respective consolidated subsidiaries as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by Deloitte &
Touche LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing;

From and after the date on which each Designated Borrower is designated and accepted hereunder (or, in the case of the Specified Designated Borrower, from and after the
date on which the Specified Designated Borrower becomes a Designated Borrower), all financial statements shall include unaudited consolidated balance sheets, and the related consolidated statements
of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows, for such fiscal year showing the consolidated financial position and results of operations of such Designated Borrower and its respective Subsidiaries on a stand-alone basis. For
the purposes of this paragraph, WEX International Holdings shall be deemed to have been designated and accepted as a Designated Borrower hereunder on the Closing Date.

(b) as soon as available, but in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Company:

(i) a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations,
shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Companys fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal
year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, certified by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Company as fairly presenting the financial condition,
results of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; and

-146-

(ii) the unaudited balance sheet of the Company (on a stand-alone basis) as of the end of such fiscal quarter and related unaudited statements of operations, stockholders equity and
cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the previous fiscal year, certified by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or
controller of the Company as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes.

From and after the date on which each Designated Borrower is designated and accepted hereunder (or, in the case of the Specified Designated Borrower, from and after the date on which the Specified Designated
Borrower becomes a Designated Borrower), all such financial statements shall include consolidated balance sheets, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and
for the portion of the fiscal year then ended, showing the consolidated financial position and results of operations of such Designated Borrower and its respective Subsidiaries on a stand-alone basis. For the purposes of this paragraph, WEX
International Holdings shall be deemed to have been designated and accepted as a Designated Borrower hereunder on the Closing Date.

(c) as soon as available, but in any event within the period within which WEX Bank and any other Regulated Bank that is a Material Bank Regulated Subsidiary is required to deliver its
quarterly call report with the FDIC after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of WEX Bank and any other Regulated Bank that is a Material Bank Regulated Subsidiary, its call report and related schedules, all
certified by its chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller as having been prepared in accordance with FDIC requirements; and

(d) as soon as available, but in any event at least 90 days after the beginning of each fiscal year of the Company, forecasts prepared by management of the Company, in form satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, of consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a quarterly basis for such fiscal year (including the fiscal
year in which the Maturity Date occurs).

As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.02(c), the Company shall not be separately required to furnish such information under clause (a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in
derogation of the obligation of the Company to furnish the information and materials described in clauses (a) and (b) above at the times specified therein.

-147-

6.02Certificates; Other Information. Deliver to the Administrative Agent (on behalf of each Lender) or, in
the case of clause (f) below, deliver to Administrative Agent or such requesting Lender:

(a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(a), and to the extent not constituting part of the report, its independent certified
public accountants pursuant to Section 6.01(a), a certificate of it independent certified public accountants certifying such financial statements;

(b) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by the chief
executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Company;

(c) promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Company, and
copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Company may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and not otherwise
required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto;

(d) promptly, and in any event within five Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from
the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such agency (excluding routine comments and correspondence from such agency) regarding financial
or other operational results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof;

(e) promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Company or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents,
as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request; and

(f) promptly following any request therefor, such information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with
applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

-148-

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.02(c) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and
if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Company posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Companys website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02; or
(ii) on which such documents are posted on the Companys behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the
Administrative Agent); provided that (i) the Company shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Lender that requests the Company to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease
delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (ii) the Company shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the
Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, in every instance the Company shall be required to provide paper copies of the Compliance
Certificates required by Section 6.02(b) to the Administrative Agent. Except for such Compliance Certificates, the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred
to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Company with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such
documents.

Each Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or BofA Securities, Inc. will make available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of such Borrower hereunder
(collectively, Borrower Materials) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform) and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender) may have personnel who do
not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to any of the Borrowers or their respective Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related
activities with respect to such Persons securities. Each Borrower hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall
mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, BofA Securities, Inc., the L/C Issuer and
the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Borrowers or their respective securities for purposes of United States
Federal and state securities laws (provided, however, that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC
are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information; and (z) the Administrative Agent and BofA Securities, Inc. shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked
PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Borrower shall be under any obligation to mark any Borrower Materials PUBLIC.

6.03Notices. Promptly following the knowledge of any Responsible Officer notify the Administrative Agent:

(a) of the occurrence of any Default;

(b) of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) of any material dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between the Company or any Subsidiary and any Governmental Authority;

(d) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and

(e) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Company or any Subsidiary, including any determination by the Company referred to in Section

2.10(b).

Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Company setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Company has taken and
proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached.

6.04Payment of Taxes. Pay and discharge all material Taxes (whether or not shown on any Tax return, and
including in its capacity as withholding agent) imposed upon it or any of its property, before becoming delinquent and before any material penalties accrue thereon, unless and to the extent that (a) such Taxes are being contested in good
faith and by proper proceedings and as to which appropriate reserves are provided in accordance with GAAP or (b) the failure to pay such Taxes could not be reasonably expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

6.05Preservation of Existence, Etc. Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal
existence and good standing (where such concept is recognized and has legal meaning) under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05; (b) take all reasonable
action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect; and (c) preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.06Maintenance of Properties. (a) Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and
equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except, in each case, where the
failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.07Maintenance of Insurance. Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not
Affiliates of the Company, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amountsas are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons. If any portion of any Mortgaged Property (which portion contains a building) is at any time located in
an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available under the Flood Insurance Laws, then the Company shall, or
shall cause the applicable Loan Party to (a) maintain, or cause to be maintained, with a financially sound and reputable insurer, flood insurance in an amount and otherwise sufficient to comply with all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated pursuant to the Flood Insurance Laws and (b) deliver to the Administrative Agent evidence of such compliance in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, including evidence of annual renewals of such
insurance.

-149-

6.08Compliance with Laws. Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws (including the
USA PATRIOT Act, Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions) and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or
decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.09Books and Records. (a) Maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct
entries in all material respects and in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be; and (b)
maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be.

6.10Inspection Rights. Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and
each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers,
and independent public accountants, all at the expense of the Company and at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Company; provided that
neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender may exercise such rights of inspection under this Section 6.10 more often than two (2) times during any calendar year absent the existence of an Event of Default; provided, further,
that when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Company at any time during normal business
hours and without advance notice.

6.11Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for working capital purposes, acquisitions,
Restricted Payments, the refinancing of Indebtedness and other general corporate purposes, in each case, not in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document and not in any manner that would cause any representation in Section 5.14(a)
or 5.24 to be incorrect; provided that the Company shall use the proceeds of the (i) Term A Loans and Term B Loans made on the Closing Date solely for the repayment of the Existing Term A Loans and Existing Term B Loans, (ii)
Term B-1 Loans made on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date solely for the repayment of the Term B Loans, (iii) the Term A-1 Loans made on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date for the repayment of the Term A Loans and for other purposes
permitted by this Section 6.11 and, (iv) the Term B-2 Loans made on the Sixth Amendment
Effective Date solely for the repayment of the Term B-1 Loans.and (v) the Term B-3 Loans made on the
Seventh Amendment Effective Date for the consummation of the 2025 Share Repurchase, repayment of outstanding Revolving Credit Loans and/or payment of fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing.

-150-

6.12Approvals and Authorizations. Maintain all authorizations, consents, approvals and licenses from,
exemptions of, and filings and registrations with, each Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction in which each Foreign Loan Party is organized and existing, and all approvals and consents of each other Person in such jurisdiction, in each
case that are required in connection with the Loan Documents, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.13Additional Guarantors and Collateral; Redesignation of Immaterial Subsidiaries; Designation of Stock Pledge
Subsidiaries.

(a) The Company will cause any Person that becomes a Domestic Subsidiary after the Closing Date (other than an Excluded Domestic Guaranty Subsidiary), whether by formation, acquisition or otherwise
(including, without limitation, upon the formation of any Subsidiary that is a Divided LLC) and each Domestic Subsidiary that ceases to be an Excluded Domestic Guaranty Subsidiary to take the actions described below and concurrently with the
delivery of the documents referred to in clauses (i) through (ii) below, to deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) evidence of action of such Persons board of directors or other governing body authorizing the execution, delivery and
performance thereof and (y) to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, a favorable written opinion of counsel for such Person, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and covering such
matters relating to such Person and the Domestic Subsidiary Guaranty and such Collateral Documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request:

(i) to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, within 60 days after the date such Person first becomes a Domestic Subsidiary or ceases to be an Excluded Domestic Guaranty
Subsidiary (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may allow in its sole discretion), a supplement to the Domestic Subsidiary Guaranty, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and

(ii) within 60 days after the date such Person first becomes a Domestic Subsidiary or ceases to be an Excluded Domestic Guaranty Subsidiary (or such later date as the Administrative
Agent may allow in its sole discretion), cause such Domestic Subsidiary and each Domestic Loan Party that owns such Domestic Subsidiary (if it has not already done so) to, as applicable, duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent
supplements to the U.S. Security Agreement, Perfection Certificate, U.S. IP Security Agreements and other security and pledge agreements, as specified by and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and take
all actions required thereunder, including delivery of certificates representing the certificated Equity Interests in and of such Domestic Subsidiary, if any, in accordance with the terms of the U.S. Security Agreement), securing payment of
all the Obligations of such Domestic Subsidiary or such Domestic Loan Party, as the case may be, under the Loan Documents.

-151-

(b) Upon the acquisition of any property (other than Real Property and Excluded Assets (as defined in the U.S. Security Agreement)) by any Domestic Loan Party (including, without limitation, upon the
formation of any Subsidiary that is a Divided LLC), if such property shall not already be subject to a perfected first priority security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, then the Company
shall, at the Companys expense within 60 days after such acquisition (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may allow in its sole discretion), cause the applicable Loan Party to take whatever action may be necessary or advisable in
the opinion of the Administrative Agent to vest in the Administrative Agent (or in any representative of the Administrative Agent designated by it) valid and subsisting Liens on such property, enforceable against all third parties.

(c) With respect to any Material Real Property, the Company will cause the applicable Domestic Subsidiary (x) within 60 days (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may allow in its sole
discretion) after the date such Person first becomes a Domestic Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Domestic Guaranty Subsidiary) or ceases to be an Excluded Domestic Guaranty Subsidiary, (y) within 60 days (or such later date as the
Administrative Agent may allow in its sole discretion) following acquisition of such Real Property by any Domestic Loan Party, if such property, in the judgment of the Administrative Agent, shall not already be subject to a perfected first
priority security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, at the Companys expense or (z) upon the request of the Administrative Agent following the occurrence and during the continuance of a
Default, at the Companys expense, to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent):

(i) counterparts of the Mortgages covering such Material Real Property duly executed, acknowledged and delivered and in form suitable for filing or recording in all filing or recording
offices that the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or desirable in order to create a valid first and subsisting Lien on the property described therein in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and pay
all title insurance charges for the Mortgage Policies insuring such Mortgages, lien searches and examination charges, filing, documentary, stamp, intangible and mortgage recording taxes and other fees, costs and expenses in connection
therewith,

(ii) fully paid American Land Title Association (A.L.T.A.) Lenders Extended Coverage title insurance policies or such other form as customary in the applicable jurisdiction
(the Mortgage Policies), with customary endorsements and in amounts reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, issued by a nationally recognized title insurance company reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (the Title

Company), insuring that the Mortgage on each Mortgaged Property is a valid and enforceable first and subsisting Lien on the property described therein, free and clear of all defects (including, but not limited to, mechanics and
materialmens Liens) encumbrances, and Liens, excepting only Permitted Encumbrances,

-152-

(iii) American Land Title Association/American Congress on Surveying and Mapping form surveys, for which all necessary fees (where applicable) have been paid, and dated no more than 30
days before the day required to be delivered, certified to the Administrative Agent and the Title Company in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent by a land surveyor duly registered and licensed in the jurisdiction(s) in which the
property described in such surveys is located and acceptable to the Administrative Agent, showing all buildings and other improvements, the location of any easements, parking spaces, rights of way, building set-back lines and other
dimensional regulations,

(iv) an affidavit of no change (or affidavit specifying the changes) with reference to any existing A.L.T.A surveys for each Mortgaged Property if required by the Title Company,

(v) to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, an opinion of local counsel in each jurisdiction where the Mortgaged Property is located and opinions of counsel for
the Borrower regarding due authorization, execution and delivery of the Mortgages, covering such matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require,

(vi) with respect to each Mortgaged Property, such affidavits, certificates, instruments of indemnification and other items (including a so-called gap indemnification) as shall be
reasonably required to induce the Title Company to issue the Mortgage Policy and endorsements contemplated above,

(vii) proper fixture filings or amendments thereto under the Uniform Commercial Code on Form UCC-1 or Form UCC-3 for filing under the Uniform Commercial Code in the appropriate
jurisdiction(s) in which the Mortgaged Properties are located to perfect the security interests in fixtures purported to be created by the Mortgages (as amended, as applicable) over the Mortgaged Properties,

(viii) insurance certificates and insurance endorsements with respect to property insurance as required by Section 6.07 reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent,

(ix) a completed Life-of-Loan Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination with respect to each Mortgaged Property on which a Building (as defined in 12
CFR Chapter III, Section 339.2) is located, (together with a notice about special flood hazard area status and flood disaster assistance duly executed by the Borrower and each Loan Party relating thereto),

(x) a copy of, or certificate as to coverage under, and a declaration page relating to the flood insurance policies required by Section 6.07, which shall (A) be endorsed or
otherwise amended to include a standard lenders loss payable endorsement (as applicable); (B) name the collateral agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as additional insured; (C)(1) identify the addresses of each property located in a
special flood hazard area, (2) indicate the applicable flood zone designation, the flood insurance coverage and the deductible relating thereto, (3) provide that the insurer will endeavor to give the collateral agent forty-five (45) days
written notice of cancellation or non-renewal and (4) otherwise be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the collateral agent.

-153-

(d) The Company will cause any Person that becomes a Foreign Subsidiary after the Closing Date (other than an Excluded Foreign Guaranty Subsidiary), and each Foreign Subsidiary that ceases to be an
Excluded Foreign Guaranty Subsidiary, (i) to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, within 60 days after the date such Person first becomes a Foreign Subsidiary or ceases to be an Excluded Foreign Guaranty Subsidiary (or such later
date as the Administrative Agent may allow in its sole discretion), a Foreign Subsidiary Guaranty in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (ii) concurrently with the delivery of such Foreign Subsidiary Guaranty, to
deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) evidence of action of such Persons board of directors or other governing body authorizing the execution, delivery and performance thereof and (y) to the extent reasonably requested by the
Administrative Agent, a favorable written opinion of counsel for such Person, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and covering such matters relating to such Person and such Foreign Subsidiary Guaranty, as
the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.

(e) Promptly, and in any event within 60 days (or by such later date as the Administrative Agent may allow in its sole discretion) of the acquisition or formation by any Loan Party (other than a Foreign
Subsidiary) of a Foreign Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Pledge Subsidiary, or of any Foreign Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded Pledge Subsidiary, the Company shall cause each Domestic Loan Party that owns Equity Interests in such
Foreign Subsidiary, if such Loan Party is not already a party to the U.S. Security Agreement, to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (i) a supplement to the U.S. Security Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent, (ii) such other Foreign Subsidiary Pledge Documents as may be necessary, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, to effect a pledge to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, of
65% (or such lesser percentage as the Loan Parties may own) of each class of the outstanding Equity Interests of such Foreign Subsidiary, (iii) evidence that all corporate action required to be taken in connection therewith has been taken,
(iv) a Part 21A Certificate in the case that such Foreign Subsidiary is incorporated in the United Kingdom and (v) to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, a favorable written opinion of counsel in each applicable
jurisdiction as to the effectiveness of such pledge and such other matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.

(f) If, as of most recent fiscal quarter or fiscal year for which financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), all Immaterial Subsidiaries,
together with their respective subsidiaries, account for more than 10% of Consolidated Total Assets, 10% of Consolidated Net Worth or 10% of the consolidated revenues of the Company for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters
immediately preceding the date of determination, then the Company shall so notify the Administrative Agent, and shall, within 10 days of the delivery of the applicable Compliance Certificate, redesignate Immaterial Subsidiaries as Material
Subsidiaries so that all Immaterial Subsidiaries and their respective Subsidiaries comply with the proviso to the definition of Immaterial Subsidiary. At any time, the Company may elect to designate any Immaterial Subsidiary as a
Material Subsidiary pursuant to a written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent.

-154-

(g) The Company may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall be granted if the Administrative Agent is reasonably satisfied that local Law provides the means to realize upon the
pledge without undue cost or burden), designate any Subsidiary of WES, all of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of which are owned directly by a Foreign Subsidiary Guarantor, as a WES Stock Pledge Subsidiary by not less than ten
(10) Business Days (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree) notice to the Administrative Agent, which notice shall be accompanied by, unless otherwise agreed by the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, (i) such WES Stock
Pledge Documents as may be necessary, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, to effect a pledge to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the applicable Secured Parties, securing the Foreign Obligations, of 100% of each
class of the outstanding Equity Interests of such Foreign Subsidiary, (ii) evidence that all corporate action required to be taken in connection therewith has been taken and (iii) to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative
Agent, a favorable written opinion of counsel in each applicable jurisdiction as to the effectiveness of such pledge and such other matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. The Company may at any time after the Closing Date
(A) (i) rescind the designation of WEX Europe Services S.r.l. as a WES Stock Pledge Subsidiary and (ii) rescind the designation of any other WES Stock Pledge Subsidiary (the Redesignation); provided that (x) after giving effect to
the Redesignation, any outstanding Investment made by the Company or its Subsidiaries on or after the date of this Agreement in such WES Stock Pledge Subsidiary prior to the Redesignation shall be deemed made for purposes of Section 7.02
immediately following the Redesignation and any incurrence of Indebtedness by such Subsidiary prior to the date of the Redesignation that remains outstanding on the date of the Redesignation shall be deemed incurred for purposes of Section
7.03 immediately following the Redesignation, and (y) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the Redesignation; and (B) with the consent of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, notify the
Administrative Agent that one or more WES Stock Pledge Documents shall be released (but without rescinding the designation of any WES Stock Pledge Subsidiary) and the Administrative Agent and Lenders will take whatever actions necessary to
effect any such releases.

6.14Compliance with Regulatory Requirements. With respect to each Material Bank Regulated Subsidiary, (i)
comply with all minimum capital ratios and guidelines, including without limitation, risk-based capital guidelines and capital leverage regulations (as may from time to time be prescribed by regulation or enforceable order of the FDIC or
other federal or state regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over such Person), and within such ratios and guidelines be well-capitalized and (ii) at all times comply with applicable financial institution regulations and requirements
with respect to capital adequacy.

6.15Further Assurances. Promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent (a) correct any material defect
or error that may be discovered in any Loan Document or in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation thereof, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such
further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require from time to time in order to (i) carry out more effectively the purposes of the Loan Documents, (ii) to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, subject any Loan Partys or any of its Subsidiaries properties, assets, rights or interests to the Liens now or hereafter intended to be covered by any of the Collateral Documents, (iii) perfect and maintain the
validity, effectiveness and priority of any of the Collateral Documents and any of the Liens intended to be created thereunder and (iv) assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer, preserve, protect and confirm more effectively unto the Secured
Parties the rights granted or now or hereafter intended to be granted to the Secured Parties under any Loan Document or under any other instrument executed in connection with any Loan Document to which any Loan Party or any of its
Subsidiaries is or is to be a party, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to do so.

-155-

6.16[Reserved].

6.17People with Significant Control Regime (UK). Each Loan Party shall (and the Company shall ensure
that each other Subsidiary will):

(a) within the relevant timeframe, comply with any notice it receives pursuant to Part 21A of the United Kingdom Companies Act 2006 from any company incorporated in the United Kingdom whose shares
are the subject of a Lien under the Collateral Documents; and

(b) promptly provide the Administrative Agent with a copy of that notice.

ARTICLE VII

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, the Company shall not,
nor shall it permit any Subsidiary (other than, in the case of Sections 7.02, 7.03, 7.06, 7.08 and 7.12, any Bank Regulated Subsidiary) to, directly or indirectly:

7.01Liens. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its other property, assets or
revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following:

(a) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document;

(b) Liens existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any renewals or extensions thereof; provided that (i) the property covered thereby is not
changed, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased except as contemplated by Section 7.03(b), (iii) the requirements with respect to any direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, and
(iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is permitted by Section 7.03(b);

(c) Liens for taxes not yet due or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are
maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP;

(d) carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which are not overdue for a period of more than
30 days or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person;

-156-

(e) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation, other than any
Lien imposed by ERISA;

(f) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (including bank guarantees thereof) (other than Indebtedness that is not in the form of bank guarantees),
statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(g) Permitted Encumbrances;

(h) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h);

(i) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(g); provided that, (i) in the case of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(g)(i), (A) such
Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness and (B) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost or fair market value, whichever is lower, of the property being
acquired on the date of acquisition, and (ii) in the case of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(g)(ii), such Liens do not attach to all assets of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof or otherwise constitute blanket
Liens, but instead attach only to specific items of property (and not to accounts);

(j) Liens existing on any property or asset acquired in a Permitted Acquisition or existing on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the Closing Date
prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Permitted Acquisition or such Person become a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) such
Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary; and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such Permitted Acquisition or the date such Person becomes a
Subsidiary, as the case may be and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof and any Indebtedness secured by such Liens is permitted under Section 7.03(h);

(k) Liens on any accounts receivable of the Company or any Subsidiary in favor of a Bank Regulated Subsidiary securing obligations between such Bank Regulated Subsidiary and the
Company or any Subsidiary not exceeding at any time outstanding, in the aggregate, $90,000,000;

(l) Liens incurred by a Bank Regulated Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its business in connection with the issuance of certificates of deposit, escrow deposits in the form of
money market deposits, customer deposits and borrowed federal funds, federal funds borrowings from federally chartered banks, and federal discount window borrowings;

(m) Liens attaching to any deposit accounts in which cash collateral in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of (x) $110,000,000 and (y) 10%of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period most recently then ended at any time outstanding has been provided in connection with (i) hedging agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business and not for
speculative purposes or (ii) credit card reimbursement obligations;

-157-

(n) (i) Liens existing or deemed to exist in connection with any Permitted Securitization Transaction, but only to the extent that any such Lien relates to the applicable
Securitization Assets sold, contributed, financed or otherwise conveyed or pledged pursuant to such transactions; and (ii) Liens existing or deemed to exist in connection with a Permitted Factoring Transaction, but only to the extent that
any such Lien relates to the applicable Factorable Receivables sold, contributed, financed or otherwise conveyed or pledged pursuant to such transaction;

(o) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(p), (r) or (s), in each case subject to customary intercreditor agreement(s) in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Company;

(p) Liens securing only Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(m); provided that such liens shall not apply to the assets or property of any Loan Party or of the
Company or any Subsidiary other than the RD Entities;

(q) Liens on Designated Regulatory Cash arising as a matter of Law or required by Law;

(r) Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the UCC on items in the course of collection;

(s) Liens arising by virtue of Uniform Commercial Code financing statement filings (or similar filings under applicable law) regarding operating leases entered into by the Company
and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;

(t) (i) deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure obligations to insurance carriers providing casualty, liability or other insurance to the Company and its
Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto;

(u) in the case of (i) any Subsidiary that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary or (ii) the Equity Interests in any Person that is not a Subsidiary, any
encumbrance or restriction, including any put and call arrangements, related to Equity Interests in such Subsidiary or such other Person set forth in the organizational documents of such Subsidiary or such other Person or any related
joint venture, shareholders or similar agreement;

(v) Liens (which if such Liens are on the Collateral, such Liens shall rank junior to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations and shall be subject
to a customary intercreditor agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Company) with respect to property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary securing obligations in an aggregate
principal amount outstanding that, immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such obligations, together with the aggregate principal amount outstanding of any other obligations secured by Liens pursuant to this Section
7.01(v), would not exceed the greater of (x) $220,000,000 and (y) 20%of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period most recently then ended at any time outstanding time; and

-158-

(w) Liens securing obligations under any FHLB Financing.

7.02Investments. Make any Investments, except:

(a) Investments held by the Company or such Subsidiary in the form of Cash Equivalents;

(b) (i) advances to officers, directors and employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed $5,000,000 at any time outstanding and (ii) advances
of payroll payments in the ordinary course of business;

(c) Investments of (i) any Domestic Loan Party in any other Domestic Loan Party, (ii) any Foreign Loan Party in any other Loan Party (other than a Limited Guarantor Foreign
Subsidiary), (iii) any Limited Guarantor Foreign Subsidiary in any Subsidiary of WES that is a Limited Guarantor Foreign Subsidiary or a WES Stock Pledge Subsidiary, or (iv) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries; provided that (x) the aggregate amount of all Investments in WES Stock Pledge Subsidiaries made in reliance on the foregoing clause (c)(iii) shall not exceed $175,000,000 at any time outstanding and (y) if the
Administrative Agent has designated a Reduced Guaranty Investment Cap for any Reduced Guaranty Foreign Subsidiary, the aggregate amount of all Investments in such Reduced Guaranty Foreign Subsidiary made in reliance on this subsection
(c)(iii) shall not exceed such Reduced Guaranty Investment Cap over the term of this Agreement;

(d) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of
business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss;

(e) Guarantees permitted by Section 7.03, including Guarantees under the Loan Documents;

(f) Investments of (i) any Domestic Loan Party in any Foreign Loan Party or (ii) any Loan Party (A) in a Subsidiary other than a Loan Party or (B) in a Limited Guarantor Foreign
Subsidiary; provided that the aggregate amount of all Investments permitted by this clause (f), together with (but without duplication of) Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03(e), shall not exceed the greater of (x)
$770,000,000 and (y) 70%of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period most recently then ended at any time outstanding; it being understood that this clause (f) can be used multiple times for the same
transaction or series of related transactions without counting such Investments more than once for purposes of the foregoing proviso;

-159-

(g) Investments constituting short-term advances to a Bank Regulated Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the greater of (x) $110,000,000 and (y) 10%of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period most recently then ended at any time outstanding time; provided that each such advance shall be repaid, and the outstanding amount of Investments made
in reliance on this subsection (g) reduced to zero for one full Business Day, within 30 days of such advance;

(h) Investments constituting (i) Permitted Acquisitions or (ii) part of a Permitted Restructuring Transaction;

(i) Investments consisting of fundamental changes and Restricted Payments permitted under Sections 7.04 and 7.06, respectively;

(j) Investments outstanding on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.02 and any renewal or extension thereof so long as the amount of such Investment is not increased
thereby;

(k) Investments by the Company and its Subsidiaries existing on the Closing Date in the capital stock of their respective Subsidiaries;

(l) Investments in Swap Contracts permitted under Section 7.03(f);

(m) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of (i) endorsements for collection or deposit, (ii) customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with past
practices, (iii) guarantees of leases of the Company or any Subsidiary, (iv) guarantees of performance of non-monetary obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries or (v) guarantees of other obligations not constituting Indebtedness of
the Company or any Subsidiary; provided that, in the case of this clause (v), such guarantees are permitted as an Investment under subsection (f) above;

(n) Investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with, customers, suppliers or any other Person;

(o) Investments received as part of a redemption or payment of or for, as a dividend on, or as a distribution in respect of, other Investments permitted by this Section 7.02;

(p) additional Investments made from time to time to the extent made with proceeds of Qualified Stock of the Company;

(q) Investments of a Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date or of a Person merged into or consolidated with the Company or any Subsidiary in accordance with Section 7.04
after the Closing Date to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger or consolidation and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger or consolidation;

-160-

(r) Investments constituting loans and other extensions of credit made to customers of Bank Regulated Subsidiaries pursuant to one or more participation agreements with Bank
Regulated Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not exceeding (i) $605,000,000 in fiscal year 2021 and (ii) in each fiscal year thereafter, the amount which is ten percent (10%) in excess of the aggregate principal amount permitted in the
prior fiscal year; provided that the aggregate amount of Investments outstanding in reliance upon this subsection (r) may not exceed for more than three consecutive Business Days (x) $363,000,000 in fiscal year 2021 and (y) in
each fiscal year thereafter, the amount which is ten percent (10%) in excess of the aggregate amount of Investments permitted under this proviso in the prior fiscal year;

(s) Investments constituting loans and other extensions of credit made to customers of the Company and its Subsidiaries co-branded relationship;

(t) Investments in connection with pledges, deposits, payments or performance bonds made or given in the ordinary course of business in connection with or to secure statutory,
regulatory or similar obligations including obligations under insurance, health, disability, safety or environmental obligations;

(u) Investments by the Company or its Subsidiaries in accounts receivable owing to them, if created or acquired in the ordinary course of business and payable in accordance with
customary trade terms (including the dating of accounts receivable and extensions of payments in the ordinary course of business);

(v) Investments arising out of the receipt by the Company or any Subsidiary of non-cash consideration for transactions permitted under Section 7.05;

(w) Investments in a Permitted Securitization Entity required for capitalization from time to time of such Permitted Securitization Entity or in connection with a contribution,
sale or other transfer of Securitization Assets to such Permitted Securitization Entity pursuant to or in connection with a Permitted Securitization Transaction, and Investments constituting Standard Securitization Undertakings in
connection with a Permitted Securitization Transaction;

(x) Investments constituting ordinary-course transfer pricing liabilities among the Company and its Subsidiaries;

(y) Investments existing on the Closing Date consisting of long-term Indebtedness of RD Acquisition Sub 1 to the Company and interest accrued and that may accrue thereon, not
exceeding $250,000,000 in aggregate principal amount;

(z) Investments constituting Guarantees by the Company of ordinary-course liabilities, not constituting Indebtedness, of Foreign Subsidiaries; provided that the maximum
amount of liabilities so Guaranteed in reliance on this clause (z) may not exceed the greater of (x) $220,000,000 and (y) 20%of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period most recently then ended at
any time outstanding;

(aa) Investments by WEX International Holdings (and other Subsidiaries of WEX, other than WES and its Subsidiaries) in WES; provided that the aggregate amount of
Investments made in reliance on this subsection (aa) shall not exceed $350,000,000 over the term of this Agreement;

-161-

(bb) other Investments not exceeding the greater of (x) $110,000,000 and (y) 10%of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period most recently
then ended in the aggregate in any fiscal year of the Company;

(cc) Investments consisting of Guarantees of Permitted Factoring Transactions to the extent permitted under the definition of Permitted Factoring Transactions;

(dd) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may from time to time make other Investments; provided that after giving effect to each such Investment and any related
transactions, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for the most recently completed Test Period shall be less than 3.25:1.00, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis;

(ee) to the extent constituting Investments, Capped Call Transactions, Convertible Bond Hedge Transactions and Warrant Transactions entered into in connection with Convertible Bond
Indebtedness; and

(ee) additional Investments by the Company in any Escrow Subsidiary constituting Additional Escrow Amounts with respect to such Escrow Subsidiary.

7.03Indebtedness. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except:

(a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents;

(b) Indebtedness outstanding on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.03 and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof;

(c) Indebtedness of (i) any Domestic Loan Party to any other Loan Party, (ii) any Foreign Loan Party (other than a Limited Guarantor Foreign Subsidiary) to another Foreign Loan
Party, (iii) any Limited Guarantor Foreign Subsidiary or WES Stock Pledge Subsidiary to any Limited Guarantor Foreign Subsidiary or (iv) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to any other Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, in each
case, to the extent permitted by Section 7.02(c) or Section 7.02(dd);

(d) Guarantees by (i) any Domestic Loan Party of Indebtedness of any other Domestic Loan Party, (ii) any Foreign Loan Party of Indebtedness of any other Loan Party (other than a
Limited Guarantor Foreign Subsidiary), (iii) any Limited Guarantor Foreign Subsidiary of any Indebtedness of any other Limited Guarantor Foreign Subsidiary, or (iv) Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party of Indebtedness of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries; provided that any Guarantee by a Loan Party of Indebtedness that is subordinated to the Obligations shall be subordinated to the Obligations to the same extent as such Guaranteed Indebtedness;

(e) Indebtedness of (i) any Foreign Loan Party to any Domestic Loan Party, or of any Limited Guarantor Foreign Subsidiary or any other Subsidiary other than a Loan Party to any
Loan Party and (ii) Guarantees by any Domestic Loan Party of Indebtedness of any Person other than a Domestic Loan Party, or by any Foreign Loan Party of Indebtedness of any Limited Guarantor Foreign Subsidiary or any Subsidiary other
than a Loan Party; in each case, to the extent permitted by Section 7.02(f) or Section 7.02(dd); provided, that any Guarantee by a Loan Party of Indebtedness that is subordinated to the Obligations shall be
subordinated to the Obligations to the same extent as such Guaranteed Indebtedness;

-162-

(f) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of the Company or any Subsidiary existing or arising under any Swap Contract; provided that (i) (x) such obligations are (or were)
entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Person, or changes in the
value of securities issued by such Person, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view, or (y) such obligations arise out of the Companys or any Subsidiarys hedging of its fuel price-related earnings exposure in a
manner consistent with the Companys practices as of the Closing Date and, in each case, not for purposes of speculation and (ii) such Swap Contract does not contain any provision exonerating the non-defaulting party from its obligation
to make payments on outstanding transactions to the defaulting party upon termination of such Swap Contract by the non-defaulting party;

(g) Indebtedness in respect of (i) capital leases, Synthetic Lease Obligations and purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets and (ii) other secured Indebtedness, in
each case within the applicable limitations set forth in Section 7.01(i), and Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of clauses (i) and (ii); provided,however, that the aggregate amount of all such
indebtedness at any one time outstanding shall not exceed the greater of (x) $220,000,000 and (y) 20% of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period most recently then ended;

(h) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the Closing Date and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not
increase the outstanding principal amount thereof and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; provided that (i) such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and is not created in
contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (h) shall not exceed the greater of (x) $220,000,000 and (y) 20%of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period most recently then ended at any time outstanding;

(i) Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course
of business; provided that such Indebtedness is extinguished within five (5) Business Days of incurrence;

(j) Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary constituting indemnification, adjustment of purchase price, earn outs or similar obligations, in each case, incurred or assumed in
connection with the acquisition or disposition of any business, assets or a Subsidiary permitted hereunder;

-163-

(k) subordinated Indebtedness of the Company; provided that (i) no such Indebtedness shall mature or amortize earlier than 180 days after the latest Maturity Date in
respect of a Facility hereunder, (ii) no agreement or instrument executed with respect to such Indebtedness shall have any financial covenants, events of default or terms which conflict with, or covenants which are more restrictive than
the terms of the Loan Documents (and all such financial covenants, events of default, terms and covenants shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), and the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent
copies of all such agreements and instruments prior to the execution thereof, (iii) the terms of subordination of such Indebtedness shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (iv) no Default shall have occurred or be
continuing or would result from the incurrence of such Indebtedness, and a Responsible Officer of the Company shall have delivered a certificate to the Administrative Agent demonstrating the same;

(l) obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary (i) pursuant to or in connection with any Permitted Securitization Transaction, to the extent such obligations satisfy the
conditions set forth in Section 7.16 and (ii) in respect of a Permitted Factoring Transaction;

(m) Indebtedness (i) of the RD Entities under one or more working capital facilities, in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed $75,000,000 at any time, or (ii)
constituting Guarantees by the Company of such Indebtedness;

(n) Indebtedness constituting Investments permitted by Section 7.02(y) or (z);

(o) [reserved];

(p) Incremental Equivalent Debt and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; provided that it shall be a condition precedent to the effectiveness of any
Incremental Equivalent Debt that (x) after giving effect thereto, the Incremental Amount does not exceed the Incremental Cap, and (y) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately prior to or immediately
after giving effect to such Incremental Equivalent Debt;

(q) Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof;

(r) Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof;

(s) Permitted Junior Priority Refinancing Debt, and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof;

(t) other unsecured Indebtedness (including Permitted Unsecured Indebtedness) so long as the Company would be in compliance with Section 7.11 on a Pro Forma Basis
immediately after giving effect to such Indebtedness;

-164-

(u) Indebtedness incurred in connection with (and constituting part of) a Permitted Restructuring Transaction;

(v) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with cash pooling arrangements, cash management and other similar arrangements consisting of netting
arrangements and overdraft protections incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(w) other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time which shall not exceed the greater of (x) $220,000,000 and (y) 20%of

Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period most recently then ended; and

(x) subject to the applicable limitations in Section 7.01(k), Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice and secured by Liens
contemplated by Section 7.01(k).

7.04Fundamental Changes. Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or
Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person (including, in each case, pursuant to a LLC Division),
except, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or would result therefrom:

(a) any Subsidiary may merge with (i) the Company; provided that the Company shall be the continuing or surviving Person, or (ii) any one or more other Subsidiaries; provided
that (A) when any Designated Borrower is merging with another Subsidiary, such Designated Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person, (B) when any Domestic Subsidiary Guarantor is merging with another Subsidiary (other than a
Designated Borrower), a Domestic Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving Person, (C) when any Foreign Subsidiary Guarantor is merging with another Subsidiary (other than a Designated Borrower or Domestic Subsidiary
Guarantor), a Foreign Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving Person, and (D) when any wholly-owned Subsidiary is merging with another Subsidiary, a wholly-owned Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving Person;

(b) any Subsidiary may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Company or to another Subsidiary; provided that
(i) if the transferor in such a transaction is a Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary or a Domestic Subsidiary Guarantor, then the transferee must be the Company, a Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary or a
Domestic Subsidiary Guarantor and (ii) if the transferor in such a transaction is a Designated Borrower that is a Foreign Subsidiary or a Foreign Subsidiary Guarantor, then the transferee must be the Company, a Designated Borrower or a
Subsidiary Guarantor;

(c) the Company or any Subsidiary may merge with any other Person in order to effect a Permitted Acquisition; provided that (i) the continuing or surviving Person shall
have complied with the requirements of Section 6.13, if applicable, and (ii) in the case of a merger of a Borrower with any other Person, such Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person; and

-165-

(d) in connection with a Permitted Restructuring Transaction.

7.05Dispositions. Make any Disposition or enter into any agreement to make any Disposition, except:

(a) Dispositions of obsolete or worn out property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business;

(b) Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business;

(c) Dispositions of equipment or real property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the
proceeds of such Disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property or (iii) such property is no longer needed for the operation of the Borrower;

(d) Dispositions of property by the Company or any Subsidiary to the Company or to a wholly-owned Subsidiary; provided that except to the extent that such Disposition is
permitted as an Investment under Section 7.02 (i) if the transferor in such a transaction is the Company, a Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary or is a Domestic Subsidiary Guarantor, then the transferee must be the
Company, a Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary or a Domestic Subsidiary Guarantor and (ii) if the transferor in such a transaction is a Designated Borrower that is a Foreign Subsidiary or is a Foreign Subsidiary Guarantor,
then the transferee must be the Company, a Designated Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor;

(e) Dispositions permitted by Sections 7.02, 7.04 or 7.06;

(f) Dispositions by the Company and its Subsidiaries of property permitted by Section 7.12;

(g) Dispositions of Securitization Assets for fair market value (or for fair consideration and reasonably equivalent value) to one or more Permitted Securitization Entities and
their assigns pursuant to or in connection with a Permitted Securitization Transaction or by any Permitted Securitization Entity in connection therewith;

(h) other Dispositions from and after the Closing Date by the Company and its Subsidiaries for an aggregate sale price not to exceed 20% of Consolidated Total Assets calculated at
the time of each Disposition; provided that with respect to any Disposition pursuant to this clause (h) the consideration for which is greater than $50,000,000, the Company or any Subsidiary shall receive not less than 75% of such
consideration in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents;

(i) transfers of customer relationships and related accounts receivables from any Acquired Entity or Business directly or indirectly to any Bank Regulated Subsidiary;

-166-

(j) Dispositions as part of a Permitted Restructuring Transaction; and

(k) Dispositions of Factorable Receivables in Permitted Factoring Transactions;

provided, however, that any Disposition pursuant to clauses (a), (b), (c), (f), (h) and (k) shall be for fair market value.

7.06Restricted Payments. Declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any
obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, or (in the case of Subsidiaries of the Company only) issue or sell any Equity Interests, except that, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the
time of any action described below or would result therefrom:

(a) each Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to (i) the Company and its Subsidiaries and (ii) any other Person that owns an Equity Interest in such Subsidiary, in each case of
clauses (i) and (ii), ratably according to their respective holdings of the type of Equity Interest in respect of which such Restricted Payment is being made;

(b) the Company and each Subsidiary may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the Equity Interests of such Person other than Disqualified
Stock;

(c) the Company and each Subsidiary may purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Equity Interests issued by it with the proceeds received from the substantially concurrent issue of
new shares of its Qualified Stock;

(d) the Company may make Restricted Payments pursuant to and in accordance with stock option plans or other benefit plans for management or employees of the Company and its
Subsidiaries;

(e) the Company may from time to time make other Restricted Payments; provided that (A) after giving effect to each such Restricted Payment and any related transactions
(including any related incurrence of Indebtedness), the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for the most recently completed Test Period shall be less than 2.753.50:1.00, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis and (B) prior to making any such Restricted Payment, if requested by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall
have received a certificate, dated the date of such Restricted Payment and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company, confirming compliance with the restrictions set forth in this Section 7.06(e) and containing calculations
in reasonable detail demonstrating such compliance;

(f) so long as the Company would be in compliance with Section 7.11 on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Restricted Payments and any related transactions
(including any related incurrence of Indebtedness), the Company may make Restricted Payments not otherwise permitted hereunder in an aggregate amount not to exceed $300,000,000 (such amount to be increased by an additional $50,000,000 at
the beginning of each fiscal year of the Company ending after the Closing Date);

-167-

(g) sales or issuances of Equity Interests (i) to the Company or to a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company; (ii) constituting directors qualifying shares or sales to foreign
nationals required for compliance with applicable Laws; (iii) in a transaction otherwise permitted hereunder and resulting in such Subsidiary no longer constituting a Subsidiary, so long as the remaining Investment would have been
permitted under Section 7.02; (iv) constituting the issuance of common Equity Interests (including warrants, options or rights to purchase shares of common Equity Interests, but excluding Disqualified Stock), or issuances of
Disqualified Stock permitted under Section 7.03; or (v) in a Subsidiary that is, or is intended to be, a joint venture or partially-owned Subsidiary to a joint venture partner or other investor to the extent that the joint venture
partner or other investor contributes or transfers cash, Cash Equivalents, or other assets the value of which is at least equivalent to the fair market value of the Equity Interests so sold or issued;

(h) the Company and its Subsidiaries may make Restricted Payments as part of a Permitted Restructuring Transaction; or

(i) the making of cash payments in connection with the Ongoing PO Holding Obligations or any call or other redemption rights pursuant to the PO Holding Agreement.

7.07Change in Nature of Business; Bank Regulated Subsidiaries.

(a) Engage in any business, if, as a result, the general nature of the business of the Loan Parties taken as a whole, would be substantially changed from the general nature of the business of the
Loan Parties taken as a whole, on the Closing Date.

(b) Permit any Equity Interest in any Material Bank Regulated Subsidiary to be held, directly or indirectly, by any Person other than the Company, other than as a result of a directive from any
regulatory Governmental Authority, the compliance by the Company and such Material Bank Regulated Subsidiary with which does not result in (i) such Material Bank Regulated Subsidiary ceasing to be a Subsidiary of the Company or (ii) a
Bank Regulated Subsidiary Event.

7.08Transactions with Affiliates. Enter into any transaction of any kind involving aggregate payments
or consideration of greater than $50,000,000 with any Affiliate of a Borrower, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Company or such Subsidiary as
would be obtainable by the Company or such Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arms length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate; provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to (a) Restricted Payments
made in accordance with Section 7.06, (b) transactions between or among the Company and any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries (or any Permitted Securitization Entity) or between and among any wholly-owned Subsidiaries (or any
Permitted Securitization Entity) not involving any other Affiliate, (c) transactions entirely among WES and its Subsidiaries, (d) Permitted Restructuring Transactions, or (e) any transaction entered into by a Person prior to the time such
Person was acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder (and not entered into in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition or Investment).

-168-

7.09Burdensome Agreements. Enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement
that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of the Company or any Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets to secure the Obligations, or (b) the ability of any
Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any shares of its capital stock or to make or repay loans or advances to the Company or any other Subsidiary or to guarantee Indebtedness of the Company or any other
Subsidiary; provided that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by Law or by this Agreement or the Loan Documents, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on
the Closing Date and identified on Schedule 7.09 (but shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition) (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to
customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary or other asset sale agreements pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary or assets to be
sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (iv) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or
conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (v) the foregoing shall not apply to (x) any agreement relating to Indebtedness incurred in reliance on Section 7.03(h) (to the extent that such
restrictions apply only to the Person becoming a Subsidiary of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries that also become Subsidiaries of the Company in the same transaction or series of related transactions), or (y) any agreement relating
to Indebtedness incurred in reliance on Section 7.03(k), (p), (q), (r), (s) or (t) (in each case, so long as such agreement permits the Obligations to become secured without further consent
or act by the lenders or holders of Indebtedness thereunder; provided that, in the case of Section 7.03(p), (q), (r), (s) or (t) such agreement may require that such Indebtedness be equally
and ratably secured by any collateral on which a Lien is granted to secure the Obligations), (vi) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof, (vii)
the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions on cash (or Cash Equivalents) or other deposits imposed by agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business (including, for the avoidance of doubt, incurred in reliance on Section

7.01(m)) or restrictions on Designated Regulatory Cash, (viii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions imposed by any agreement relating to any agreement relating to Indebtedness incurred in reliance
on Section 7.03(m), provided that such latter restrictions and conditions affect only the RD Entities; (ix) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions in any agreement or other instrument of a Person acquired by or
merged or consolidated with or into the Company or any Subsidiary, or that is assumed in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder, in each case that is in existence at the time of such transaction
(but not created in contemplation thereof), which encumbrance or restriction is not applicable to any Person, or the properties or assets of any Person, other than the Person and its Subsidiaries, or the property or assets of the Person
and its Subsidiaries, so acquired or designated, any replacements of such property or assets and additions and accessions thereto, after-acquired property subject to such agreement or instrument, the proceeds and the products thereof and
customary security deposits in respect thereof and in the case of multiple financings of equipment provided by any lender, other equipment financed by such lender; and (x) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions in joint
venture agreements or arrangements and other similar agreements or arrangements relating solely to the applicable joint venture; provided, further, that this Section 7.09 shall not apply (i) to a Bank Regulated
Subsidiary to the extent that any such restriction, prohibition or condition is imposed by a Governmental Authority in connection with the ordinary course of business of such Bank Regulated Subsidiary, (ii) to the Company or any
Subsidiary in connection with any agreements evidencing a Permitted Factoring Transaction, (iii) to the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with a Permitted Securitization Transaction; provided that, in the case of this clause
(iii), the same extend only to the related Securitization Assets and the Equity Interests of the relevant Permitted Securitization Entity, or (iv) to any Permitted Securitization Entity in connection with any agreements evidencing a
Permitted Securitization Transaction.

-169-

7.10Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or indirectly, and
whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, (x) to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) in violation of Law (including Regulation U) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of
purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose or (y) for any purpose which would breach Anti-Corruption Laws or Sanctions.

7.11Financial Covenants. Except with the consent of the Required Financial Covenant Lenders:

(a) Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio. Permit the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company to be less than 3.00:1.00.

(b) Consolidated Leverage Ratio. Permit the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company to exceed 4.75:1.00.

7.12Sale and Leasebacks. Enter into any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by the
Company or any Subsidiary of real or personal property that has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or such Subsidiary to such Person or to any other Person to whom funds have been or are to be advanced by such Person on
the security of such property or rental obligations of the Company or such Subsidiary unless such arrangement is entered into in connection with the financing of the acquisition of such property through the proceeds of a capital lease
permitted by Section 7.03(g)(i) and the sale or transfer of such property occurs within thirty days following the acquisition thereof by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

7.13Accounting Changes. (i) Make any material change in accounting principles or reporting practices,
except as are made in accordance with GAAP or as are otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent or (ii) change its fiscal year or quarters or the method of determination thereof; provided that this Section 7.13
shall not apply to a Bank Regulated Subsidiary to the extent that any such change is required or imposed by a Governmental Authority.

-170-

7.14Tax Receivable Agreement; Prepayments.

(a) Make any payment under the Tax Receivable Agreement if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or make any prepayment under the Tax Receivable Agreement other than Permitted Tax
Receivable Agreement Prepayments.

(b) Make any prepayment in respect of, or redeem or purchase, any Indebtedness incurred in reliance upon Section 7.03(k) (other than in connection with any refinancing, exchange, extension,
renewal, refunding, replacement, defeasance or discharge of such Indebtedness with Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness).

7.15Amendments. Amend (i) the documents or instruments governing any Indebtedness incurred under Section

7.03(k) in a manner materially adverse to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders without the consent of the Administrative Agent or (ii) any Organizational Document in a manner materially adverse to the Administrative Agent or the
Lenders.

7.16Permitted Securitization Transactions.

(a) Permit the aggregate Attributable Indebtedness in respect of all Permitted Securitization Transactions of the Company, its Subsidiaries and all Permitted Securitization Entities to third parties
to exceed the greater of (x) $495,000,000 and (y) 45%of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period most recently then ended at any time outstanding.

(b) Except in the case of a Permitted Securitization Entity, incur or become obligated with respect to any Indebtedness or other liabilities or obligations in connection with any Permitted
Securitization Transaction other than Indebtedness or other liabilities or obligations (i) resulting from the transfer of any Securitization Assets in connection with a Permitted Securitization Transaction so long as such Indebtedness is
non-recourse to the Company and any Subsidiary (other than the applicable Permitted Securitization Entity), except for Standard Securitization Undertakings and (ii) consisting of Standard Securitization Undertakings.

7.17Changes in Locations, Name, etc.

In the case of any Loan Party any assets of which (including any Equity Interests of any Subsidiary) are pledged to secure any of the Obligations, unless written notice is provided to the Administrative Agent within 30 days of any
such action (or within any other such period as agreed by the Administrative Agent):

(a) change its jurisdiction of organization;

(b) change its name; or

(c) if it is not a registered organization (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code), change its location (as determined under the Uniform Commercial Code).

-171-

ARTICLE VIII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

8.01Events of Default. Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default:

(a) Non-Payment. Any Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, and in the currency required hereunder, any amount of
principal of any Loan or any L/C Obligation, or (ii) within three Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any
other Loan Document; or

(b) Specific Covenants. The Company fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.01, 6.02, 6.03, 6.05,
6.10, 6.11, 6.13 or Article VII; provided that a Default as a result of a breach of Section 7.11 (the Financial Covenants) shall not in and of itself constitute an Event of Default
with respect to any Term Facility (other than the Term A-1 Facility) unless the Required Financial Covenant Lenders have accelerated any Term A-1 Loans and Revolving Credit Loans then outstanding or terminated the Revolving Credit
Commitments as a result of such breach and such declaration has not been rescinded on or before the date on which the Term Lenders (other than the Lenders under the Term A-1 Facility) declare an Event of Default in connection therewith;
or any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any Guaranty to which it is a party; or

(c) Other Defaults. Any Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b)
above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days after the Company or any of its Subsidiaries obtains knowledge thereof; or

(d) Representations and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company or any other Loan
Party or the Specified Designated Borrower herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or

-172-

(e) Cross-Default. (i) The Company, any other Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required
prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or
available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount, or fails to make any payment when due of the Swap Termination Value in an amount
greater than the Threshold Amount, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or Guarantee or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or
any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder
or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer
to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded (in each case, after giving effect to any
applicable grace period) (provided that any breach of any Financial Covenant giving rise to an event described in clause (B) above shall not, by itself, constitute an Event of Default under any Term Facility (other than the Term
A-1 Facility) unless the Required Financial Covenant Lenders have accelerated any Term A-1 Loans and Revolving Credit Loans then outstanding or terminated the Revolving Credit Commitments as a result of such breach and such declaration
has not been rescinded on or before the date on which the Term Lenders (other than the Lenders under the Term A-1 Facility) declare an Event of Default in connection therewith); provided that this clause (e)(i) shall not apply (v)
to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary Disposition or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, so long as such Disposition is permitted hereunder and such Indebtedness is retired
concurrently therewith, (w) to mandatory prepayments or redemptions of Indebtedness incurred in reliance on Section 7.03(k), (o), (p), (q), (r), (s) or (t) in accordance with the
terms of such Indebtedness, so long as such Disposition and such prepayment is permitted hereunder, (x) to the mandatory prepayment of any bridge financing made with the proceeds of permanent financing or the proceeds of asset sales,
incurrences of Indebtedness or equity issuances, (y) to any event requiring the repurchase, repayment or redemption (automatically or otherwise) or an offer to repurchase, prepay or redeem any Indebtedness, or the delivery of any notice
with respect thereto, solely as a result of the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries failure to consummate a merger or other acquisition contemplated to be funded in whole or in part with the proceeds of such Indebtedness or (z) to any
right (including any prior right) of a holder or holders of any Indebtedness that is convertible into Equity Interests to require the repurchase, repayment or redemption of such Indebtedness on a predetermined date provided in the
documentation for such Indebtedness, or an offer to repurchase, repay or redeem such Indebtedness on such date or the delivery of a notice with respect thereto; or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as
defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which the Company, any other Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) and the Swap
Termination Value owed by the Company, such other Loan Party or Material Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount; or

-173-

(f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. (i) Any Loan Party or any of its Material Subsidiaries (A) files, issues, institutes or consents to the filing, issuing or institution of
any petition, procedure or proceeding under or to take advantage of any Debtor Relief Law, or (B) makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or initiates or enters into a composition, compromise or arrangement with any of its
creditors, or (C) applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, administrator, examiner, compulsory manager, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material
part of its property, or (D) is adjudicated as insolvent; or (ii) any receiver, administrator, examiner, compulsory manager, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed in respect of any Loan
Party or any of its Material Subsidiaries without the application or consent of such Person and, in the case of such an appointment under the laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such appointment may be contested
and such Person is contesting such appointment in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, such appointment is not discharged or stayed within 60 calendar days; or (iii) any procedure or proceeding under or to take
advantage of any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted or any petition under or to take advantage of any Debtor Relief Law is filed or issued without the consent of such
Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding or with respect to any such petition; or

(g) Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment. (i) The Company or any Material Subsidiary admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due,
or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 30 days after its issue
or levy; or

(h) Judgments. There is entered against the Company or any Material Subsidiary one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to
all such judgments or orders) exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage) and enforcement of such judgment is not stayed, by reason of a
pending appeal or otherwise, vacated, discharged or satisfied within 30 days after entry thereof, or there is a period of 10 consecutive days thereafter during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment is not in effect; or

(i) ERISA. (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the
Company under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount (provided that, with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, this clause (i) shall only apply
if the Company has received written notice from such plan or otherwise becomes aware that an event or circumstance described in such clause has occurred) or (ii) the Company or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the
expiration of any applicable grace period, and the extension of the time to pay in connection with the resolution of any dispute in accordance with the terms of Title IV of ERISA any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal
liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount; or

-174-

(j) Invalidity of Loan Documents. Any provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted
hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan
Document; or any Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan
Document; or

(k) Change of Control. There occurs any Change of Control; or

(l) Bank Regulated Subsidiary Event. A Bank Regulated Subsidiary Event shall occur, or WEX Bank or any other Material Bank Regulated Subsidiary shall fail at any time to be
adequately capitalized in accordance with applicable federal or state laws; or

(m) Collateral Documents. Any Collateral Document shall for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms thereof) cease to create a valid
and perfected first priority Lien on the Collateral purported to be covered thereby; except to the extent that any such loss of perfection or priority results from the failure of the Administrative Agent to (i) maintain possession of
certificates actually delivered to it representing securities pledged under the Collateral Documents, (ii) file initial Uniform Commercial Code financing statements or continuation statements or other equivalent filings or (iii) take
any other action reasonably directed by the Company to create and maintain the validity, perfection or priority of the Lien thereof (and the Company shall pay all costs and expenses incurred in connection with any such action); or

(n) Subordination. (i) The subordination provisions of the documents evidencing or governing any subordinated Indebtedness (the Subordination

Provisions) shall, in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be legally valid, binding and enforceable against any holder of the applicable subordinated Indebtedness; or (ii) the Company or any other Loan
Party shall, directly or indirectly, disavow or contest in any manner (A) the effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any of the Subordination Provisions, (B) that the Subordination Provisions exist for the benefit of the
Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer or (C) that all payments of principal of or premium and interest on the applicable subordinated Indebtedness, or realized from the liquidation of any property of any Loan Party, shall
be subject to any of the Subordination Provisions.

8.02Remedies Upon Event of Default.

(i) If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing as a result of a failure to observe or perform a Financial Covenant set forth in Section 7.11, the Administrative Agent shall, at the
request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Financial Covenant Lenders, take the following actions:

(a) in the case of a termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments, declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit
Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated;

-175-

(b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Term A-1 Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, as applicable, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts
with respect thereto, owing or payable hereunder, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers;

(c) in the case of a termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments, require that the Company Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding
Amount thereof); and

(d) in the case of a termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments, exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer all rights and remedies available to it, the
Lenders and the L/C Issuer under the Loan Documents;

(ii) If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing or if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing as a result of a failure to observe or perform a Financial Covenant set forth in Section

7.11 and any of actions set forth in (i) above have been taken, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders (or in the case of a termination of the Revolving Credit
Commitments, the Required Revolving Credit Lenders), take any or all of the following actions:

(a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and
obligation shall be terminated;

(b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan
Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers;

(c) in the case of a termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments, require that the Company Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding
Amount thereof); and

(d) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under the Loan Documents;

provided, however, that, notwithstanding (i) and (ii) above, upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower
under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding
Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Company to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each
case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.

-176-

8.03Application of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or
after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), any amounts received on account
of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order:

First, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the
Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such;

Second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the
Lenders and the L/C Issuer (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L/C Issuer (including fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of any Lender or the L/C Issuer) arising
under the Loan Documents and amounts payable under Article III), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them;

Third, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans, L/C Borrowings and other Obligations arising
under the Loan Documents, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them;

Fourth, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Borrowings and Obligations then owing under Specified Hedge Agreements and
Specified Cash Management Agreement, ratably among the Lenders, the L/C Issuer, the Hedge Banks and the Cash Management Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them;

Fifth, to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of
Credit; and

Last, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Company or as otherwise required by Law.

Subject to Section 2.03(c), amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters
of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set
forth above.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Obligations arising under the Specified Cash Management Agreement and Specified Hedge Agreements shall be excluded from the application described above if the Administrative
Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be. Each Cash Management Bank or
Hedge Bank not a party to this Agreement that has given notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of
Article IX hereof for itself and its Affiliates as if a Lender party hereto.

-177-

ARTICLE IX

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

9.01Appointment and Authority.

(a) Each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and the CAM
Agreement and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are
reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article IX are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, and no Borrower shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of
such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other
implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting
parties.

(b) The Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents and the CAM Agreement, and each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Hedge
Bank and a potential Cash Management Bank) and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of such Lender and the L/C Issuer for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any
and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as collateral
agent and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the
Collateral Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX and Article X (including Section

10.04(c), as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto.

9.02Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same
rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the
context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial
advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrowers or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty
to account therefor to the Lenders.

-178-

9.03Exculpatory Provisions. The Administrative Agent or, the Joint Lead Arrangers or the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers, as
applicable, shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Administrative Agent or, any of the Joint Lead Arrangers or the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers, as applicable:

(a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;

(b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the
other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan
Documents); provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan
Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a
Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law;

(c) shall not have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, to any Lender or any L/C Issuer, any credit or other information
concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates, that is communicated to, obtained or in the possession of the
Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers or any of their Related Parties in any capacity, except for notices,
reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein;

(d) shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as
shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or
willful misconduct, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default
is given to the Administrative Agent by the Company, a Lender or the L/C Issuer; and

-179-

(e) shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any
other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other
terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document,
or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Collateral Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or
elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.

9.04Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and
shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution)
believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made
by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by
its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received
notice to the contrary from such Lender or the L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company),
independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.

9.05Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise
its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and
exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article IX shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such
sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible
for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful
misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.

-180-

9.06Resignation of Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its
resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Company. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Company, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with
an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after
the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth
above; provided that if the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such
notice and (1) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on
behalf of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (2) all
payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and the L/C Issuer directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor
Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section 9.06. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights,
powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already
discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 9.06). The fees payable by the Company to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Company
and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agents resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article IX and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such
retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and
(ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including (a) acting as collateral agent or otherwise holding any collateral security on
behalf of any of the Lenders and (b) in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent.

Any resignation by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.06 shall also constitute its resignation as L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender; provided that Bank of
America shall give at least 30 days notice thereof to the Company. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers,
privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, (b) the retiring L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents,
and (c) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to the retiring L/C Issuer to effectively
assume the obligations of the retiring L/C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit.

-181-

9.07Non-Reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers and the Other Lenders. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent nor, the Joint Lead Arrangers nor the
Seventh Amendment Co-Managers has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent or, the Joint Lead Arrangers or the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers hereafter taken, including any consent
to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party of any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent
or, the Joint Lead Arrangers or the Seventh Amendment
Co-Managers to any Lender or any L/C Issuer as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent or the Arranger have disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties) possession. Each Lender and
L/C Issuer represents to the Administrative Agent and, the Joint Lead Arrangers and the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all
applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrowers hereunder. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer also
acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers
or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking
action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business,
prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender and L/C Issuer represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility
and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender or L/C Issuer for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing
other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or L/C Issuer, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender and L/C Issuer agrees not to assert a
claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender and L/C Issuer represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein,
as may be applicable to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in
making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities.

9.08No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Joint Lead
Arrangers nor the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement
or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder.

-182-

9.09Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any
Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by
declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on any Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:

(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing
and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(i)
and (j), 2.09 and 10.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent
and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04.

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement,
adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or the L/C Issuer in any such proceeding.

-183-

The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including accepting some or all of the
Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the
Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, or any similar Laws in any other
jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, (b) at any other sale or foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial
action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable Law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid on a ratable basis (with
Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that would vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion
of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) in the asset or assets so purchased (or in the Equity Interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such
purchase). In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles to make a bid, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the
governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or Equity Interests thereof
shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by the vote of the Required Lenders, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in clauses (a)
through (k) of Section 10.01 of this Agreement, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to assign the relevant Obligations to any such acquisition vehicle pro rata by the Lenders, as a result of which each of the
Lenders shall be deemed to have received a pro rata portion of any Equity Interests and/or debt instruments issued by such an acquisition vehicle on account of the assignment of the Obligations to be credit bid, all without the need for
any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (iv) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being
higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of debt credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Lenders pro
rata and the Equity Interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of the Obligations that had been assigned to the acquisition vehicle shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured
Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action.

9.10Collateral and Guaranty Matters. The Lenders and the L/C Issuer irrevocably agree (and authorize
the Administrative Agent to take such action as is reasonably requested by any Loan Party to evidence):

(a) that any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document shall be automatically released (i) upon termination of the Revolving
Credit Facility and payment in full of all Obligations (other than (A) contingent indemnification obligations and (B) obligations and liabilities under Specified Cash Management Agreements and Specified Hedge Agreements) and the
expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit (other than Letters of Credit as to which other arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer shall have been made), (ii) upon the sale or other disposition (or
as part of or in connection with any sale or other disposition) permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document to a Person that is not a Domestic Loan Party (provided that in the event any such property is transferred to from a
Domestic Loan Party to a Foreign Loan Party, such release shall only occur if the pledge of the transferred assets are not otherwise required to be pledged by the Loan Documents), (iii) subject to Section 10.01, if approved,
authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, as applicable (or such other percentage of the Lenders whose consent may be required in accordance with Section 10.01), (iv) as
required by the Administrative Agent to effect any sale, transfer or other disposition of Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents and (v) to the extent such
Collateral otherwise becomes Excluded Assets (as defined in the U.S. Security Agreement);

-184-

(b) that if (a) all of the Equity Interests of a Subsidiary who is a Subsidiary Guarantor or whose Equity Interests have been pledged pursuant to the Foreign Subsidiary Pledge
Documents shall be transferred, sold or otherwise disposed of (including by merger or consolidation) in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof to a Person that is not a Loan Party, (b) a Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a
Subsidiary in a transaction not restricted hereunder or (c) any Subsidiary who is a Subsidiary Guarantor or whose Equity Interests have been pledged pursuant to the Foreign Subsidiary Pledge Documents becomes an Excluded Pledge Subsidiary
(or becomes a Domestic Subsidiary that is treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that owns directly or indirectly through one or more flow-through entities no material assets other than the Equity
Interests of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are controlled foreign corporations, in which case, 35% of the Equity interests in such Subsidiary shall be released from the pledge), an Excluded Domestic Guaranty Subsidiary or an
Excluded Foreign Guaranty Subsidiary, as applicable, then, in each case, the Guaranty of such Subsidiary Guarantor and/or the relevant Foreign Subsidiary Pledge, as applicable, shall automatically be discharged and released without any
further action by any Person effective as of the time of such transfer, sale, disposal or occurrence;

(c) to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section

7.01(i);

(d) that the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, is authorized to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under any Subsidiary Guaranty if such
Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder; and

(e) that the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, is authorized subject to Section 10.01(i), to the extent not otherwise contemplated by this Section

9.10, terminate any Foreign Subsidiary Pledge Document (other than the U.S. Security Agreement) and release the Liens created thereunder in connection with (A) any Redesignation pursuant to clause (A) of the last sentence of Section

6.13(g) and (B) any notice of release with the consent of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders pursuant to clause (B) of the last sentence Section 6.13(g).

Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders (or Required Revolving Credit Lenders, as applicable) will confirm in writing the Administrative Agents authority to release any
Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranties (or WES Stock Pledge Documents, as applicable) or release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document, in each case,
pursuant to this Section 9.10.

-185-

9.11Specified Cash Management Agreements and Specified Hedge Agreements. No Cash Management Bank or
Hedge Bank that obtains the benefits of Section 8.03, the Guaranties or the Collateral Documents by virtue of the provisions hereof or thereof have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action
hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the collateral (including the release or impairment of any collateral) granted in the Collateral Documents other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case,
only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IX to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other
satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Obligations arising under Specified Cash Management Agreements and Specified Hedge Agreements unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Obligations,
together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be.

9.12Recovery of Erroneous Payments. Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at
any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender or the L/C Issuer (the Credit Party), whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by a Borrower at such time, where such payment is a
Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Credit Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Credit Party in immediately
available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the
Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Credit Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value
(under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent
shall inform each Credit Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Credit Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount.

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

10.01Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document, and no consent to any departure by the Company or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Company or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and
acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that unless expressly provided
otherwise below, the Required Lenders consent shall not be required in the following cases, and instead no such amendment, waiver or consent shall:

-186-

(a) waive any condition set forth in Section 3 of the Restatement Agreement without the written consent of each Lender; provided that, for purposes of determining
compliance with the conditions specified in Section 3 of the Restatement Agreement, each Lender on the Closing Date that has signed the Restatement Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied
with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing
Date specifying its objection thereto;

(b) without limiting the generality of clause (a) above, waive any condition set forth in Section 4.02 as to any Credit Extension under a particular Facility without the
written consent of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, the Required Term A-1 Lenders or,
the Required Term B-2 Lenders or the Required Term B-3 Lenders, as applicable;

(c) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02) without the written consent of such Lender;

(d) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder
or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;

(e) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document
without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided, however, that (i) only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any
obligation of any Borrower to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate and (ii) any change to the definition of Consolidated Leverage Ratio or in the component definitions thereof shall not constitute a reduction in any
rate of interest or any fees or other amounts payable based thereon;

(f) change (i) Section 2.13 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender, (ii) Section
8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby or the order of payment required thereby without the written consent of each Lender or (iii) the order of (x) application of any reduction in the
Commitments or (y) any prepayment of Loans among the Facilities from the application thereof set forth in the applicable provisions of Section 2.05 or 2.06, respectively, in any manner that materially and adversely affects
the Lenders under a Facility without the written consent of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Required Term A-1 Lenders, in the case of the Term A-1 Facility, or the Required Term B-2 Lenders, in the case of the Term B-2 Facility, or the Required Term B-3 Lenders, in the case of
the Term B-3 Facility;

(g) amend Section 1.06 or the definition of Alternative Currency without the written consent of each Revolving Credit Lender;

-187-

(h) (i) change the definition of Required Revolving Credit Lenders, Required Term A-1 Lenders, Required Term B-2 Lenders, Required Term B-3 Lenders or Required Financial Covenant Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders of any Facility required to amend, waive or otherwise
modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, in each case with respect to such Facility, or (ii) change any provision of this Section 10.01 or the definition of Required Lenders or
Required Financial Covenant Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder,
without the written consent of each Lender under the applicable Facility, in the case of the foregoing clause (i), or each Lender, in the case of the foregoing clause (ii);

(i) release all or substantially all of the collateral granted to the Secured Parties as security for the Obligations pursuant the Collateral Documents in any transaction or series
of related transactions, other than transactions permitted under this Agreement, without the written consent of each Lender;

(j) release the Company from the Company Guaranty or all or substantially all of the value of the Guaranties without the written consent
of each Lender, except to the extent the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor is permitted pursuant to Section 9.10 or is otherwise permitted under this Agreement (in which case such release may be made by the Administrative Agent
acting alone);

(k) impose any greater restriction on the ability of any Lender under a Facility to assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the written consent of such Lender;

(l) waive or amend Section 7.11 or any defined term (or component defined term) as used therein (or any Default or Event of Default or exercise of remedies by the Required
Financial Covenant Lenders in respect or as a result thereof) without the written consent of the Required Financial Covenant Lenders;

(m) prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.01(f), (i) subordinate in right of payment, or have the effect of subordinating in right of payment, the
Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness or other obligation without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby or (ii) subordinate in priority, or have the effect of subordinating in right of priority, the Liens
securing the Obligations to Liens securing any other Indebtedness or other obligation without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;

-188-

provided, further, that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect
the rights or duties of the L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line
Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement; (iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in
addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (iv) any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be amended by an
agreement in writing entered into by the Company and the Administrative Agent to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, error, defect or inconsistency; provided that any such amendment shall only become effective if the Required
Lenders have not objected to such amendment by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall
have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of
the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender, and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring
the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) from time to time with the consent of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Company to
(i) add one or more foreign currency subfacilities within the Revolving Credit Facility to permit the making of Revolving Credit Loans and the issuance of Letters of Credit in a currency, other than Dollars or an Alternative Currency,
that has not been approved by all Revolving Credit Lenders under Section 1.06 after a request for such approval by the Company and (ii) amend, waive, supplement or modify Section 4.02 to the extent such amendment, waiver,
supplement or modification relates to the borrowing of Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans or Letters of Credit. All Credit Extensions under any such subfacility shall reduce the amount available to be borrowed under the Revolving Credit
Facility and shall be made pro rata among the Revolving Credit Lenders participating in each applicable subfacility. The principal, interest and other amounts in respect of any such subfacility shall be payable pro rata to the Revolving
Credit Lenders participating in each applicable subfacility, but the existence of any such subfacility shall not affect the fees otherwise payable to the Revolving Credit Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility. No Lender shall have
any obligation to participate in any subfacility of the kind described in this paragraph.

In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10.01, any Additional Credit Extension Amendment shall be effective in accordance with the terms specifically provided in Sections

2.17, 2.18 and 2.19.

For the purposes of any amendment under this Section 10.01, and any other consent, approval or determination under this Agreement, any consent, approval or determination of a Lender shall constitute
the consent, approval and determination by each related Designated Lender.

-189-

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with any determination as to whether the requisite Lenders have (A) consented (or not consented) to any amendment, modification or waiver of any
provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any departure by the Company or any Subsidiary therefrom, (B) otherwise acted on any matter related to this Agreement or any Loan Document or (C) directed or required the
Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to, or under, this Agreement or any Loan Document, any Lender (other than any Lender that is a (x) Regulated Bank Lender, (y)
Revolving Credit Lender or (z) any Affiliate of the foregoing) that, as a result of its interest in any total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract (other than any such total return swap,
total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract entered into pursuant to bona fide market making activities), has a net short position with respect to any of the Loans or Commitments or with respect to any
other tranche, class or series of Indebtedness for borrowed money incurred or issued by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries at such time of determination (including commitments with respect to any revolving credit facility) (each such
item of Indebtedness, including the Loan and Commitments, Specified Indebtedness) (each such Lender, a Net Short Lender) shall have no right to vote with respect to any amendment, modification or waiver of this Agreement
or any other Loan Documents and shall be deemed to have voted its interest as a Lender without discretion in the same proportion as the allocation of voting with respect to such matter by Lenders who are not Net Short Lender (including in
any plan of reorganization). For purposes of determining whether a Lender (alone or together with its Affiliates) has a net short position on any date of determination: (i) derivative contracts with respect to any Specified
Indebtedness and such contracts that are the functional equivalent thereof shall be counted at the notional amount of such contract in Dollars, (ii) notional amounts in other currencies shall be converted to the Dollar equivalent thereof
by such Lender in a commercially reasonable manner consistent with generally accepted financial practices and based on the prevailing conversion rate (determined on a mid-market basis) on the date of determination, (iii) derivative
contracts in respect of an index that includes the Company or any other Subsidiary or any instrument issued or guaranteed by the Company or any other Subsidiary shall not be deemed to create a short position with respect to such Specified
Indebtedness, so long as (x) such index is not created, designed, administered or requested by such Lender and (y) the Company and the other Subsidiaries and any instrument issued or guaranteed by the Company or the other Subsidiaries,
collectively, shall represent less than 5% of the components of such index, (iv) derivative transactions that are documented using either the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions or the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions
(collectively, the ISDA CDS Definitions) shall be deemed to create a short position with respect to the relevant Specified Indebtedness if such Lender is a protection buyer or the equivalent thereof for such derivative
transaction and (x) the relevant Specified Indebtedness is a Reference Obligation under the terms of such derivative transaction (whether specified by name in the related documentation, included as a Standard Reference Obligation on
the most recent list published by Markit, if Standard Reference Obligation is specified as applicable in the relevant documentation or in any other manner), (y) the relevant Specified Indebtedness would be a Deliverable Obligation
under the terms of such derivative transaction or (z) the Company or any other Subsidiary is designated as a Reference Entity under the terms of such derivative transaction and (v) credit derivative transactions or other derivatives
transactions not documented using the ISDA CDS Definitions shall be deemed to create a short position with respect to any Specified Indebtedness if such transactions offer the Lender protection against a decline in the value of such
Specified Indebtedness, or in the credit quality of the Company or any other Subsidiary, in each case, other than as part of an index so long as (x) such index is not created, designed, administered or requested by such Lender and (y) the
Company and the other Subsidiaries, and any instrument issued or guaranteed by the Company or the other Subsidiaries, collectively, shall represent less than 5% of the components of such index. In connection with any amendment,
modification or waiver of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, each Lender (other than any Lender that is a (x) Regulated Bank Lender, (y) Revolving Credit Lender or (z) any Affiliate of the foregoing) will be deemed to have
represented to the Company and the Administrative Agent that it does not constitute a Net Short Lender, in each case, unless such Lender shall have notified the Company and the Administrative Agent prior to the requested response date
with respect to such amendment, modification or waiver that it constitutes a Net Short Lender (it being understood and agreed that the Company and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on each such representation and deemed
representation). The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Net Short Lenders. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or participant or prospective Lender or participant is a Net Short Lender or (y) have
any liability with respect to or arising out of the voting in any amendment or waiver to any Loan Document by any Net Short Lender.

-190-

10.02Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication.

(a) Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and
other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier as follows, and all notices and other communications
expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows:

(i) if to a Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified
for such Person on Schedule 10.02; and

(ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as
appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Company).

Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by telecopier shall be
deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices and other
communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b).

-191-

(b) Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including email and
Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or
the L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Company
may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to
particular notices or communications.

Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended
recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the
deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that if
such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient.

(c) The Platform. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE
ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or
any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to any Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort,
contract or otherwise) arising out of any Borrowers or the Administrative Agents transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by
a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided, however, that in no event shall any Agent Party have
any liability to any Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages).

-192-

(d) Change of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and
other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Company, the Administrative
Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone
number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at
or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance
with such Public Lenders compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information
portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Company or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws.

(e) Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Lenders. The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic
Loan Notices and Swing Line Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice
specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them
from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the
Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.

10.03No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement. No failure by any Lender or the Administrative Agent
to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers
and privileges provided by law.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or
any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for
the benefit of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuer; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit
(solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as L/C
Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13), or (d)
any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; provided, further, that if at any time
there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii)
in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.13, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders.

-193-

10.04Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.

(a) Costs and Expenses. The Company shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and
disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
the L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C
Issuer (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer), and shall pay all fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Administrative Agent, any
Lender or the L/C Issuer, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 10.04, or (B) in connection with
the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit.

-194-

(b) Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers, each Lender and the L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against,
and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), and shall indemnify and hold harmless each
Indemnitee from all fees and time charges and disbursements for attorneys who may be employees of any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by any Borrower, any other Loan Party or
the Specified Designated Borrower arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the
performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and
its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L/C Issuer to honor a demand
for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or
from any property owned or operated by any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation,
investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Company, any other Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower, and
regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by the Company, any other Loan
Party or the Specified Designated Borrower against an Indemnitee such Indemnitees material breach of its obligation to fund any Revolving Credit Loan in accordance with the terms hereof, or any for breach in bad faith of such
Indemnitees obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Company, such other Loan Party or the Specified Designated Borrower has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a
court of competent jurisdiction. The Company shall only be required to reimburse the Indemnitees for a single counsel for the Administrative Agent and a single counsel for all other Indemnitees for related claims in each applicable
jurisdiction; provided that an Indemnitee shall have the right to employ separate counsel, and the Company shall bear the reasonable fees, costs and expenses of such separate counsel, if (1) the use of counsel chosen by the other
Indemnitees to represent the Indemnitees would present such counsel with a conflict of interest; (2) such Indemnitee shall have reasonably concluded, in good faith, that there may be legal claims or defenses available to it that are
different from or additional to those available to the other Indemnitees; (3) such Indemnitee shall have reasonably concluded, in good faith, that it otherwise has divergent interests from the other Indemnitees or (4) the Company shall
authorize in writing such Indemnitee to employ separate counsel at the Companys expense. Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(c), this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any
Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, or liabilities arising from any non-Tax claim.

(c) Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Company for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 10.04 to be paid
by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the L/C Issuer or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the L/C Issuer or such
Related Party, as the case may be, such Lenders Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed
expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or the L/C Issuer in its capacity as such, or against any
Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or L/C Issuer in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section

2.12(d).

(d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no Borrower shall assert, and hereby waives, and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any
claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other
Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall
be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information
transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of
such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.

-195-

(e) Payments. All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor.

(f) Survival. The agreements in this Section 10.04 and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer
and the Swing Line Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Revolving Credit Facility and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.

10.05Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of any Borrower is made to the
Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated,
declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any
other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of permitted by applicable Law, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and
continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without
duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time
to time in effect, in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the
termination of this Agreement.

10.06Successors and Assigns.

(a) Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns
permitted hereby, except that no Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no
Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section 10.06, (ii) to a Purchasing Borrower Party in
accordance with the provisions of subsection (i) of this Section 10.06, (iii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section 10.06, or (iv) by way of pledge or assignment of a
security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section 10.06 (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied,
shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section 10.06 and, to the extent
expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

-196-

(b) Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its
Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of this subsection (b), participations in L/C Obligations and in Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following
conditions:

(i) Minimum Amounts.

(A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment under any Facility and the Loans at the time owing to it under such Facility or
in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and

(B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section 10.06, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding
thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such
assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $5,000,000, in the case of any assignment in respect of the Revolving
Credit Facility, or $1,000,000, in the case of any assignment in respect of a Term Facility unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company otherwise consents (each
such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, however, that concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a single Eligible
Assignee (or to an Eligible Assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be treated as a single assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been met.

(ii) Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this
Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not (A) apply to the Swing Line Lenders rights and obligations in respect of Swing Line Loans or (B) prohibit any Lender from assigning
all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate Facilities on a non-pro rata basis;

(iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section 10.06 and, in
addition:

-197-

(A) the consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided that it shall not be unreasonable for the Company to refuse consent to any Person
that is not engaged in the making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.01(a), 8.01(f)
or 8.01(g) has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided that the Company shall be deemed to have consented to
any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent, in the case of the Term B-2 Loans or Term B-3 Loans,
within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof, and in the case of the Term A-1 Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, within eight (8) Business Days after having received notice thereof;

(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of (1) any Revolving Credit
Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender or (2) any Term Loan to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved
Fund;

(C) the consent of the L/C Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment that increases the obligation of the assignee to
participate in exposure under one or more Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding); and

(D) the consent of the Swing Line Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility.

(iv) Assignment and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a
processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The
assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.

(v) No Assignment. No such assignment shall be made (i) to the Company or any of the Companys Affiliates or Subsidiaries, except in accordance with Section 10.06(i),
(ii) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (ii), or (iii) to a natural person or a holding company,
trust or other vehicle established for the primary benefit of a natural person.

-198-

(vi) Certain Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Credit Lender hereunder, no such
assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient,
upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Company and the
Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by such Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full
all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and
participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall
become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.

(vii) No Assignment Resulting in Additional Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes. No such assignment shall be made to any Person that would result in the imposition of
Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes in excess of the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes that would be imposed in the absence of such assignment, except, so long as no Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.01(a), 8.01(f)
or 8.01(g) has occurred and is continuing, to the extent that the Borrower consents to such assignment or the proposed assignee agrees in favor of the Company to treat such excess Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes as Excluded
Taxes.

(viii) Alternative Currencies. Unless at the time of any assignment a Default or Event of Default shall be continuing, any assignee hereunder shall certify upon acceptance of
the assignment that it will make available to the Borrowers all Alternative Currencies specified in this Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

(ix) Should any assignment by a Lender qualify as a novation under French law, the parties hereto agree, for the purposes of article 1278 of the French Code civil, that upon any
transfer in accordance with this Section 10.06, the Collateral Documents executed with respect to any Loan Party organized under the laws of France and the security created thereby shall be preserved for the benefit of the new
Lender.

(x) Should any assignment by a Lender qualify as a novation under Belgian law, the parties hereto agree, for the purposes of article 1278 of the Old Belgian Code civil, that upon
any transfer in accordance with this Section 10.06, the Collateral Documents executed with respect to any Loan Party organized under the laws of Belgium and the security created thereby shall be preserved for the benefit of the
new Lender.

-199-

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section 10.06, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption,
if any, or the effective date of an assignment pursuant to Section 10.13(d), the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and
obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of
an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04,
3.05, and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment
by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, each Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to
the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a
participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section 10.06.

(c) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative
Agents Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal
amounts (and related interest amounts) of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error,
and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to
the contrary. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall maintain on the Register information regarding the designation, and revocation of designation, of any Lender as a Defaulting Lender. The Register shall be available for
inspection by the Borrowers and any Lender (with respect to such Lenders interest only), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(d) Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person,
a Defaulting Lender or the Company or any of the Companys Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its
Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lenders participations in L/C Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such
Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with
such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of
any participation.

-200-

Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment,
modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other
modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that is required to be approved by all Lenders or each affected Lender. Subject to subsection (e) of this Section 10.06, each Borrower agrees that each Participant
shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to
subsection (b) of this Section 10.06 (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered solely to the Lender who sells the participation); provided that such Participant
(A) shall be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 10.13 as if it were an assignee under subsection (b) of this Section 10.06 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section
3.01 or 3.04, with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment
results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Companys request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the
Company to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant shall be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an
agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and related interest amounts) of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan
Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to
a Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter
of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each
Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its
capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

(e) Limitations upon Participant Rights. A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or 3.04 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to
receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Companys prior written consent. A participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a
Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 unless the Company is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Company, to comply with Section
3.01(e) as though it were a Lender.

(f) Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note(s), if any) to secure
obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or
substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

-201-

(g) Resignation as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender After Assignment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America assigns all of its Revolving
Credit Commitment and Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Bank of America may, (i) upon 30 days notice to the Company and the Lenders, resign as L/C Issuer and/or (ii) upon 30 days notice to the Company, resign as
Swing Line Lender. In the event of any such resignation as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, the Company shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; provided, however,
that no failure by the Company to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be. If Bank of America resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the
rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the
right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Revolving Credit Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c)). If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the
rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Revolving Credit
Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c). Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer and/or Swing Line Lender, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with
all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, and (b) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any,
outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit.

(h) Assignments to Purchasing Borrower Party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Lender may assign all or a portion of its Term Loans to any Purchasing
Borrower Party; provided that:

(i) such assignment shall be made pursuant to (x) an open market purchase on a non-pro rata basis or (y) a Dutch Auction open to all applicable Lenders on a pro rata basis;

(ii) any Term Loans assigned to any Purchasing Borrower Party shall be automatically and permanently cancelled upon the effectiveness of such assignment and will thereafter no
longer be outstanding for any purpose hereunder;

(iii) at the time of and immediately after giving effect to any such purchase, no Default or Event of Default shall exist;

(iv) no purchase of any Term Loans shall be made from the proceeds of any Revolving Credit Loan or Swing Line Loan; and

-202-

(v) the assignor will deliver to the Purchasing Borrower Party customary written assurance that it is a sophisticated investor and is willing to proceed with the assignment.

10.07Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders
and the L/C Issuer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates respective partners, directors, officers,
employees, agents, trustees, advisors and representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information
confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent
required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process; provided that the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, shall, at the sole cost and expense of the Company,
request confidential treatment of such confidential information to the extent practicable and permitted by applicable law and the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, shall, to the extent permitted by
applicable law, promptly inform the Company with respect thereto so that the Company may seek appropriate protective relief to the extent permitted by applicable law; provided, further, that in the event such protective
remedy or other remedy is not obtained, the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, shall furnish only that portion of the confidential information that is legally required and shall disclose the
confidential information in a manner reasonably designed to preserve its confidential nature and shall, at the sole cost and expense of the Company, cooperate with the Companys counsel to enable the Company to attempt to obtain a
protective order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to the Information, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or
any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section
10.07, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Section 2.17
or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to a Borrower and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Company
or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers of other market identifiers with respect to the credit
facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the Company or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.07 or (y) becomes available to the
Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company, which source, to the actual knowledge of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the
L/C Issuer, as the case may be, is not prohibited from disclosing such Information to such Person by a contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation to the Company, the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer.

-203-

For purposes of this Section 10.07, Information means all information received from the Company or any Subsidiary relating to the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective
businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company or any Subsidiary. Any Person required to maintain the
confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.07 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such
Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.

Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be,
(b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States Federal and state
securities Laws.

10.08Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, the L/C
Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand,
provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, the L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Borrower
(excluding for the avoidance of doubt any Designated Regulatory Cash) against any and all of the obligations of such Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or the L/C Issuer,
irrespective of whether or not such Lender or the L/C Issuer shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of such Borrowerbe

contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or the L/C Issuer different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that (i)(a) the obligations of Foreign
Subsidiaries that become Designated Borrowers and of the Specified Designated Borrower are several and not joint, and (b) no Lender shall exercise any rights under this Section 10.08 with respect to any assets of any Foreign
Subsidiary other than with respect to the direct obligations of such Foreign Subsidiary to the Lenders, and (ii) in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid
over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.15 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held
in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting
Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, the L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section 10.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of
setoff) that such Lender, the L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer agrees to notify the Company and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided
that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.

-204-

10.09Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document,
the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive
interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Company. In determining whether the interest contracted for,
charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather
than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations
hereunder.

10.10Counterparts; Integration. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties
hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the
parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof.

10.11Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and
in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will
be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had
notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall
remain outstanding.

10.12Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal,
invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith
negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a
provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12, if and to the extent that the
enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable,
then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited.

-205-

10.13Replacement of Lenders. If (a) any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, (b) any
Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, (c) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (d) any Lender (a Non-Consenting
Lender) refuses to consent to an amendment, modification or waiver of this Agreement that, pursuant to Section 10.01 requires consent of all Lenders or all affected Lenders and that has been approved by the Required Lenders
or (e) because a Lender is not legally permitted to lend in the relevant jurisdiction, the Company is not permitted, under Section 2.14(f), to designate a Designated Borrower approved by the Required Revolving Credit Lenders and
the Administrative Agent, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the
restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 but subject to clause (d) below), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume
such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that:

(a) the Company shall have paid (or caused a Designated Borrower to pay) to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 10.06(b);

(b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other
amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 2.05(c) and Section 3.05) from the assignee, or as set forth in clause (d) below, the Administrative Agent (to the
extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company or applicable Designated Borrower (in the case of all other amounts);

(c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such
assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter;

(d) in the event such Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender, each assignee shall consent, at the time of such assignment, to each matter in respect of which such Lender was a
Non-Consenting Lender and the Company also requires each other Lender that is a Non-Consenting Lender to assign its Loans and Commitments; provided that notwithstanding the provisions of Section 10.06, such Non-Consenting
Lender shall not be required to comply with Section 10.06(b)(iv) and no Assignment and Assumption shall be required to effect such assignment and such assignment shall become effective as to any Non-Consenting Lender upon receipt
by it (or the Administrative Agent who shall promptly distribute such amounts to the applicable Non-Consenting Lender) of the amounts set forth in clause (b) above for the account of such Non-Consenting Lender; and

(e) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws.

A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, reasonably promptly after its receipt or notice from the Company pursuant to this Section 10.13, as a result of a waiver by
such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply, or, in the case of clause (a) or (b) above, such Lender notifies the Company that the circumstances giving rise to
such Lenders request for compensation or additional amounts shall not be used by such Lender as a basis for future requests under Section 3.01 or 3.04.

-206-

10.14Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.

(a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE
LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. EACH BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW
OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, THE L/C ISSUER, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE
TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND
ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE
PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS
AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST
THE COMPANY OR ANY OTHER BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.

-207-

(c) WAIVER OF VENUE. THE COMPANY AND EACH OTHER BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER
HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION 10.14. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.

(d) SERVICE OF PROCESS. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE
RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

10.15Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER
BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND
CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.15.

10.16No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction
contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that: (i) (A) the
arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers
and the Lenders, are arms-length commercial transactions between such Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, Seventh Amendment Co-Managers and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) such Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) such
Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers and the Lenders, are and have been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the
relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for such Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers nor any Lender has any obligation to such Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, the
Seventh Amendment Co-Managers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of such Borrower and its Affiliates, and neither
the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests
to such Borrower or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrowers hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Seventh Amendment Co-Managers and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any
transaction contemplated hereby.

-208-

10.17Electronic Execution. This Agreement and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information,
notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement (each a Communication), including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be
executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on each of the Loan Parties to the same extent as a manual, original
signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of each of the Loan Parties enforceable against such in accordance with the terms thereof to the same
extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one
and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Administrative Agent and each of the Secured Parties of a manually signed paper
Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative Agent
and each of the Secured Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of the such
Persons business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect,
validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly
agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative
Agent and each of the Secured Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any
Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC
7006, as it may be amended from time to time.

-209-

10.18USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the
Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record
information that identifies the Borrowers, which information includes the name and address of each Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify such Borrower in
accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Each Borrower shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the
Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership
Regulation.

10.19Judgment Currency. If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to
convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first
currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of each Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under
the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency) other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement
Currency), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative
Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally
due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from any Borrower in the Agreement Currency, such Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the
case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in such currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case
may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to such Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law).

10.20CAM Agreement. Concurrently with any Lender becoming a party hereto, such Lender shall execute
documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to become party to the CAM Agreement.

10.21Certain Representations and Confirmations.

(a) Representation by Lenders. Each Lender party to this Agreement on the Closing Date represents and warrants that on the date hereof it is carrying on the business of providing finance, or
investing or dealing in securities, in the course of operating in financial markets.

-210-

(b) Borrower Confirmation. The Company and the Specified Designated Borrower (being at all relevant times members of the same wholly owned group) confirm that:

(i) before this Agreement (described as being a Syndicated Loan Facility) was entered into, invitations for participation in the syndicated loan facility were made to at least
10 offerees (the offerees), each of whom, as at the date the relevant invitation was made, the Companys relevant officers involved in the transaction on a day to day basis believed carried on the business of providing finance or
investing or dealing in securities in the course of operating in financial markets, for the purposes of s128F(3A)(a)(i) of the Income Tax Assessment Act of 1936 (Commonwealth of Australia); and

(ii) none of the offerees whose names were disclosed to the Company or the Specified Designated Borrower by BofA Securities, Inc. before the date of this Agreement were known or
suspected by the Company or the Specified Designated Borrower to be an Offshore Associate of either of them or an Associate (within the meaning of the Income Tax Assessment Act of 1936
(Commonwealth of Australia)) of any other such offeree.

10.22[Reserved].

10.23Parallel Debt.

(a) Each Foreign Loan Party organized under the Laws of Belgium, Germany or the Netherlands, or any other applicable jurisdiction (each, a Specified Foreign Loan Party) hereby irrevocably
and unconditionally undertakes to pay to the Administrative Agent as creditor in its own right and not as a representative of the Secured Parties (by way of an abstract acknowledgment of debt (abstraktes
Schuldanerkenntnis, where applicable)) amounts equal to any amounts owing from time to time by that Specified Foreign Loan Party to each of the Secured Parties under each of the Loan Documents as and when those amounts are due
for payment under the relevant Loan Document.

(b) Each Specified Foreign Loan Party and the Administrative Agent acknowledges that the obligations of each Specified Foreign Loan Party under paragraph (a) above are several and are separate and
independent from, and shall not in any way limit or affect, the corresponding obligations of that Specified Foreign Loan Party to any Secured Party under any Loan Document (its Corresponding Debt) nor shall the amounts for which
each Specified Foreign Loan Party is liable under paragraph (a) above (its Parallel Debt) be limited or affected in any way by its Corresponding Debt; provided that:

(i) the Parallel Debt of each of the Specified Foreign Loan Parties will be payable in the currency or currencies of its Corresponding Debt and will become due and payable as and
when and to the extent one or more of its Corresponding Debt become due and payable;

(ii) each Parallel Debt constitutes an undertaking, obligation and liability to the Administrative Agent which is separate and independent from, and without prejudice to, the
Corresponding Debt of the relevant Specified Foreign Loan Party;

-211-

(iii) each Parallel Debt represents the Administrative Agents own separate and independent claim to receive payment of the Parallel Debt from the relevant Specified Foreign Loan
Party;

(iv) the Administrative Agent shall not demand payment with regard to the Parallel Debt of each Specified Foreign Loan Party to the extent that such Loan Partys Corresponding Debt
has been irrevocably paid or (in the case of guarantee obligations) discharged;

(v) a Secured Party shall not demand payment with regard to the Corresponding Debt of each Specified Foreign Loan Party to the extent that such Specified Foreign Loan Partys
Parallel Debt has been irrevocably paid or (in the case of guarantee obligations) discharged; and

(vi) with respect to any Specified Foreign Loan Party organized under the Laws of Netherlands, an Event of Default in respect of the Corresponding Debt shall constitute a default
(verzuim) within the meaning of section 3:248 of the Dutch Civil Code with respect to the Parallel Debt without any notice being required.

(c) The Administrative Agent acts in its own name and not as a trustee, and its claims in respect of the Parallel Debt shall not be held on trust. The security granted under the Collateral Documents
to the Administrative Agent to secure the Parallel Debt is granted to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as creditor of the Parallel Debt.

(d) All monies received or recovered by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 10.23, and all amounts received or recovered by the Administrative Agent from or by the enforcement
of any security granted to secure the Parallel Debt, shall be applied in accordance with this Agreement; provided that upon irrevocable receipt by the Administrative Agent of any amount in payment of a Parallel Debt (a Received Amount),

the Corresponding Debt of the relevant Specified Foreign Loan Party towards the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be reduced, if necessary pro rata in respect of the Administrative Agent and each Lender individually, by
amounts totaling an amount (a Deductible Amount) equal to the Received Amount in the manner as if the Deductible Amount were received by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as a payment of the Corresponding Debt owed by the
relevant Specified Foreign Loan Party on the date of receipt by the Administrative Agent of the Received Amount.

(e) Without limiting or affecting the Administrative Agents rights against the Specified Foreign Loan Parties (whether under this Section 10.23 or under any other provision of the Loan
Documents), each Foreign Loan Party acknowledges that:

(i) nothing in this Section 10.23 shall impose any obligation on the Administrative Agent to advance any sum to any Loan Party or otherwise under any Loan Document, except
in its capacity as a Lender; and

(ii) for the purpose of any vote taken under any Loan Document, the Administrative Agent shall not be regarded as having any participation or commitment other than those which it
has in its capacity as a Lender.

-212-

10.24Additional Appointment. For the purposes of any Foreign Subsidiary Pledge Documents governed by
Italian law, each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act, on its name and its behalf, as procuratore con rappresentanza pursuant to Article 1387 and
following of the Italian civil code and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such
actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Administrative Agent, in acting as such, will be entitled to the benefits of Article IX hereto in all respects.

10.25Appointment of Company. Each of the Loan Parties that is a party hereto hereby appoints the Company
to act as its agent for all purposes of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and all other documents and electronic platforms entered into in connection herewith and agrees that (a) the Company may execute such documents and provide
such authorizations on behalf of such Loan Parties as the Company deems appropriate in its sole discretion and each Loan Party shall be obligated by all of the terms of any such document and/or authorization executed on its behalf, (b)
any notice or communication delivered by the Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or a Lender to the Company shall be deemed delivered to each Loan Party and (c) the Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or the Lenders may accept, and be permitted
to rely on, any document, authorization, instrument or agreement executed by the Company on behalf of each of the Loan Parties.

10.26Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under
any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an
Affected Financial Institution; and:

(b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge
institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other
Loan Document; or

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority.

-213-

10.27ERISA.

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such
Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be
true:

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into,
participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement,

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset
managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class
exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into,
participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement,

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset
Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in,
administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 8414 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the
requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement,
or

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender.

(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant
in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became
a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company or any other Loan Party, that the
Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this
Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto).

-214-

10.28Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide
support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support, and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and
agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the
regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC
may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States):

In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and
the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party
will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by
the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan
Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the
U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and
remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

10.29Effectiveness of Amendment and Restatement. On and after the Closing Date, all obligations of the
Loan Parties under the Existing Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder and the provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement shall be superseded by the provisions hereof except
for provisions under the Existing Credit Agreement that expressly survive the termination thereof. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (a) the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement pursuant to this
Agreement and all other Loan Documents executed and delivered in connection herewith shall not constitute a novation of the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as in effect prior to the Closing Date and (b) all
references in the other Loan Documents to the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer without further amendment to this Agreement.

[Signature Pages Intentionally Omitted]

-215-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>wex-20250306.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>wex-20250306_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>wex-20250306_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>logo_wex.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-32426

Entity Registrant Name WEX Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001309108

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 01-0526993

Entity Address, Address Line One 1 Hancock Street

Entity Address, City or Town Portland

Entity Address, State or Province ME

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 04101

City Area Code 207

Local Phone Number 733-8171

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol WEX

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://wexinc.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ny20044175x8_8k.htm 
wex-20250306.xsd 
wex-20250306_lab.xml 
wex-20250306_pre.xml 

logo_wex.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-007445-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ny20044175x8_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001309108 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

false 
0001309108 
8-K 
2025-03-06 
WEX Inc. 
DE 
001-32426 
01-0526993 
1 Hancock Street 
Portland 
ME 
207 
733-8171 
04101 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
WEX 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>