<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-007581.txt : 20250219
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-007581.hdr.sgml : 20250219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250219163020
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-007581
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250212
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Arena Group Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000894871
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CABLE & OTHER PAY TELEVISION SERVICES [4841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				680232575
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12471
		FILM NUMBER:		25640655

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 VESEY STREET
		STREET 2:		24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10281
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 321 5002

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 VESEY STREET
		STREET 2:		24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10281

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	theMaven, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161228

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	THEMAVEN, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161209

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTEGRATED SURGICAL SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960725
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000089487100008948712025-02-122025-02-12iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 12, 2025

The
Arena Group Holdings, Inc.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-12471 68-0232575

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File No.) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

200
Vesey Street,
24th
Floor

New
York, NY

10281

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

212-321-5002

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
Applicable

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.01 par value per share AREN NYSE
American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
5.02 

Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain
Officers.

On
February 12, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of The Arena Group Holdings Inc. (the Company) terminated
the employment of Sara Silverstein, the Companys Chief Executive Officer, without cause, effective the same day. Pursuant
to her employment agreement with the Company, subject to signing a standard release, upon a termination without cause, Ms. Silverstein
is entitled to accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity awards as well as reimbursement of COBRA benefits for a period of up to
18 months.

On
the same day, the Board appointed Paul Edmondson as interim Chief Executive Officer. Prior to this appointment, Mr Edmondson, 50, was
the Companys President, Platform since January 2021, overseeing our Platform business, which offers the core content management
system, programmatic advertising technology and multitenant subscription stack for publishers serving partner publishers and our owned
and operated properties. Prior to serving as President, Platform, Mr. Edmondson served as our Chief Operating Officer from 2018 to 2019
after joining the company with our acquisition of HubPages, Inc. in 2018.

There
are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Edmondson and any other persons pursuant to which he was selected as an officer of
the Company. There are also no family relationships between Mr. Edmondson and any director or executive officer of the Company, and Mr.
Edmondson does not have any direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a)
of Regulation S-K.

In
his role prior to this appointment, Mr. Edmondson is party to an employment agreement, dated January 1, 2021 (the "Employment Agreement"),
and is currently paid a base salary of $486,203. He is also is eligible to earn an annual bonus under our Bonus Plan based
on the achievement of performance goals set by the Compensation Committee, with a target bonus amount equal to 75% of base salary, and is eligible
to participate in Company incentive plans and employment benefits available to the Companys other employees, as described in our
definitive proxy statement filed on December 12, 2024. Upon a termination without cause, Mr. Edmundson would be entitled to severance
equal to one year of base salary, up to 18 months of COBRA premium reimbursements and full vesting of all outstanding equity awards,
in all cases subject to entry into a standard release agreement. The Employment Agreement also contains certain non-compete and non-solicitation
provisions.

The
foregoing summary of the Employment Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the full text thereof, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
this Current Report on Form 8-K, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Any changes to Mr. Edmondsons compensation as interim Chief Executive
Officer will be determined at a later time.

Item
9.01 

Financial
Statements and Exhibits

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1* Employment Agreement with Paul Edmondson.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

*
Certain personal information in this Exhibit has been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

THE
ARENA GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.

Date:
February 19, 2025 

By: /s/
Paul Edmondson

Name: Paul
Edmondson 

Title: Interim
Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

Certain
information has been excluded from this agreement (indicated by [***]) because the Company has determined that such information
(i) is not material and (ii) constitutes personal information.

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This
Executive Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 1, 2021 (Effective
Date) between TheMaven, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and Paul Edmondson, an individual
(the Executive).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Executive have determined that the terms and conditions of this Agreement are reasonable and in their mutual best
interests and accordingly desire to enter into this Agreement in order to provide for the terms and conditions upon which the Executive
shall be employed by the Company.

WHEREAS,
this Agreement shall supersede and replace any previously existing employment agreement between the Executive and the Company.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective covenants, agreements and representations and warranties set forth herein,
the parties to this Agreement, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

Article
1.

TERMS
OF EMPLOYMENT

1.1.
Employment and Acceptance.

(a).
Employment and Acceptance. On and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company shall employ the Executive
and the Executive hereby accepts such employment.

(b).
Title: Executive shall have the title of: President, Platform.

(c).
Responsibilities and Duties. The Executives duties shall consist of such duties and responsibilities as are consistent
with the position of a President, Platform including leading and overseeing the Companys platform and technology business division,
and such other duties and responsibilities as are mutually determined from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
and Executive.

(d).
Reporting. The Executive shall report directly to the Companys Chief Executive Officer.

(e). Performance
of Duties; Travel. With respect to Executives duties hereunder, at all times, the Executive shall be subject to the
instructions, control, and direction of the Board, and act in accordance with the Companys Certificate of Incorporation,
Bylaws and other governing policies, rules and regulations, except to the extent that the Executive is aware that such documents
conflict with applicable law. The Executive shall devote Executives business time, attention and ability to serving the
Company on an exclusive and full-time basis as aforesaid and as the Board may reasonably require. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Company acknowledges and agrees that Executive currently has, and will continue to engage in, limited advisory work for incubators,
venture capital, and non-profit organizations including the Burlingame Soccer Club and work that does not materially impact service
to the Company pursuant to which Executive may: (i) advise startups with product and operational guidance, sit on boards of
technology companies (no current boards), advise companies as part of the Cal Poly Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship, and
(ii) manage personal investments, provided that such activities do not individually or in the aggregate interfere with the
performance of Executives duties under this Agreement. The Company acknowledges any of these outside activities may result in
Executive being publicly identified as an investor, stockholder, director, partner or service provider, as applicable, to other
companies. The Executive shall also travel as required by Executives duties hereunder and, subject to Section 1.2(b) below,
shall comply with the Companys then-current travel policies as approved by the Board; provided that Executive shall not be
required to travel to any location if Executive would be required to quarantine upon Executives return to
California.

(f).
Location. Executive shall be based in San Francisco, California, and shall comply with the Companys policies regarding
remote work.

1.2
Compensation and Benefits.

(a).
Annual Salary. From the Effective Date, the Executive shall receive an annualized salary of $400,000 for each year (the Annual
Salary). The Annual Salary shall be payable on a semi-monthly basis or such other payment schedule as used by the Company
for its senior level executives from time to time, less such deductions as shall be required to be withheld by applicable law and regulation
and consistent with the Companys practices. The Annual Salary and other compensation payable to the Executive will be reviewed
annually by the Board, provided that on January 1 in each year of the Term, commencing with January 1, 2022, the Executives Annual
Salary shall be increased by not less than 5% (Salary Increase); provided, however, that any failure by the Company
to provide the Salary Increase shall not be considered Good Reason for the Executive to resign so long as the failure to provide the
Salary Increase is in response to a force majeure event under Section 2.1 or is consistent with the Companys treatment of similarly
situated executives.

(b).
Bonus.

(i).
For each fiscal year of the Term, the Executive shall be eligible to earn an annual bonus (the Annual Bonus) in
accordance with the Companys Executive Bonus Plan (the Bonus Plan) as in effect on the Effective Date, with
quarterly draws as set forth in the Bonus Plan and with a Target Bonus Amount (as defined in the Bonus Plan) equal to 75% of Base Salary
as in effect on the last day of the applicable year, and based upon the achievement of annual performance goals as described in the Bonus
Plan.

(ii).
Except as otherwise provided in Section 1.3(b), (i) the Annual Bonus will be subject to the terms of the Bonus Plan under which it is
granted and (ii) in order to be eligible to receive an Annual Bonus, the Executive must be employed by the Company on the last day of
the applicable fiscal year.

2

(c).
Equity Grants. During the Term, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Companys 2019 Equity Incentive Plan
or any successor plan (collectively, the Stock Plan), subject to the terms of the Stock Plan, as determined by the
Board or the Compensation Committee, in its discretion; provided that type and number of the Executives grants and awards under
the Stock Plan and the terms associated with vesting and accelerated vesting shall be commensurate with similarly situated executives
when considering all such grants and awards (including previously held options and common stock) held by those similarly situated executives.

(d).
Expenses. The Executive shall be reimbursed for all ordinary and necessary out- of-pocket business expenses reasonably and actually
incurred or paid by the Executive in the performance of the Executives duties in accordance with the Companys policies
upon presentation of such expense statements or vouchers or such other supporting information as the Company may require, provided that
it is agreed that the Executive shall have the right to travel in business class on flights greater than four hours in duration.

(e).
Fringe Benefits and Perquisites. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to fringe benefits and perquisites consistent
with the practices of the Company and governing benefit plan requirements (including plan eligibility provisions), and to the extent
the Company provides similar benefits or perquisites (or both) to similarly situated executives of the Company.

(f).
Benefits. The Executive shall be entitled to fully participate in all benefit plans that are in place and available to senior
level executives of the Company from time to time, including, without limitation, medical, dental, vision and life insurance (if offered),
in each case subject to the general eligibility, participation and other provisions set forth in such plans.

(g).
Paid Time Off. The Executive shall be entitled to paid time off based on the Companys policies in effect from time to time,
provided such entitled shall not be less than the greater of five weeks annually or the then applicable Company policy.

(h).
Indemnification.

(i).
In the event that the Executive is made a party or threatened to be made a party to any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative, or investigative (a Proceeding), by reason of the fact that the Executive is or was a director or
officer of the Company, or any affiliate of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, member,
employee, or agent of another corporation or a partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, the Executive shall be indemnified
and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent applicable to any other officer or director of the Company/to the maximum extent
permitted under applicable law and the Companys bylaws from and against any liabilities, costs, claims, and expenses, including
all reasonable costs and reasonable expenses incurred in defense of any Proceeding (including reasonable attorneys fees, provided
that the Company has the right to select the Executives counsel, which the Executive shall not unreasonably reject). Costs and
expenses incurred by the Executive in defense of such Proceeding (including attorneys fees) shall be paid by the Company in advance
of the final disposition of such litigation upon receipt by the Company of: (i) a written request for payment; (ii) appropriate documentation
evidencing the incurrence, amount, and nature of the costs and expenses for which payment is being sought; and (iii) an undertaking adequate
efforts under applicable law made by or on behalf of the Executive to repay the amounts so paid if it shall ultimately be determined
that the Executive is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under this Agreement. This indemnification and reimbursement obligation
shall not apply to any Proceeding initiated by the Executive or the Company related to any dispute between the Executive and the Company
or any of its affiliates with respect to this Agreement or the Executives employment hereunder,

3

(ii).
During the Term hereof and for a period of six (6) years thereafter, the Company or any successor to the Company shall purchase and maintain,
at its own expense, directors and officers liability insurance providing coverage to the Executive on terms that are no
less favorable than the coverage provided to other directors and similarly situated executives of the Company or any successor.

(i).
Clawback Provisions. Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based compensation,
or any other compensation, paid to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with the Company which
is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement, will be subject to such deductions
and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement.

1.3
Termination of Employment.

(a).
Term. The Executives employment hereunder shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated earlier
pursuant to Section 1.3(b) of this Agreement. The period during which Executive is employed by the Company hereunder is referred to as
the Term. The Executives employment with the Company is at-will. This means that it is not
for any specified period of time and can be terminated by the Executive or by the Company at any time, and for any or no reason or cause.
This at-will nature of the Executives employment shall remain unchanged during the Term, and can only be changed
by an express written agreement that is signed by the Executive and the CEO. For purposes of clarification, the Executives status
as an at-will employee shall not affect eligibility for severance pursuant to Section 1.3(c).

(b).
Termination of Employment. Executives employment may be terminated by Executive or Company as follows:

(i). Termination
for Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment at any time for Cause upon written notice to the Executive
setting forth the termination date and, in reasonable detail, the circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination pursuant
to this Section 1.3(b)(i), without any requirement of a notice period and without payment of any compensation of any nature or kind; provided, however,
that if the Cause is pursuant to subsections (i), (ii), (vi) or (vii) of the definition of Cause (appearing below), the CEO must
give the Executive the written notice referenced above within (30) days of the date that the CEO becomes aware or has knowledge of,
or reasonably should have become aware or had knowledge of, such act or omission, and the Executive will have thirty (30) days to
cure such act or omission. Upon payment of the amounts set forth in Section 1.3(d), the Executive shall not be entitled to
any benefits or payments (other than those required under Section 1.3(d) hereof), including any payment under the terms of the
Plan.

4

(ii).
Termination without Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment at any time without Cause upon written notice
to the Executive, subject to Sections 1.3(c) and 1.3(d).

(iii).
Permanent Incapacity. In the event of the Permanent Incapacity of the Executive (which shall mean by reason
of illness or disease or accidental bodily injury, Executive is so disabled that Executive is unable to ever work again), Executive may
thereupon be terminated by the Company upon written notice to the Executive without payment of any severance of any nature or kind (including,
without limitation, by way of anticipated earnings, damages or payment in lieu of notice); provided that, in the event of the Executives
termination pursuant to this Subsection 1.3(b)(iii), the Company shall pay or cause to be paid to the Executive (i) the amounts prescribed
by Section 1.3(d) below through the date of Permanent Incapacity, and (ii) the amounts specified in any benefit and insurance plans applicable
to the Executive as being payable in the event of the permanent incapacity or disability of the Executive, such sums to be paid in accordance
with the provisions of those plans as then in effect.

(iv).
Death. If the Executives employment is terminated by reason of the Executives death, the Executives beneficiaries
or estate will be entitled to receive and the Company shall pay or cause to be paid to them or it, as the case may be, (i) the amounts
prescribed by Section 1.3(d) through the date of death, and (ii) the amounts specified in any benefit and insurance plans applicable
to the Executive as being payable in the event of the death of the Executive, such sums to be paid in accordance with the provisions
of those plans as then in effect.

(v).
Termination by Executive. The Executive may terminate employment with the Company upon giving 30 days written notice or
such shorter period of notice as the Company may accept. The Executive may resign for Good Reason subject to Section 1.3(c) and 1.3(d).
If the Executive resigns for any reason not constituting Good Reason, the Executive shall not be entitled to any severance or other benefits
(other than those required under Section 1.3(d)).

(c).
Termination without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason. If the Executives employment with the Company is terminated
by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason:

(i).
The Executive shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to 12 months Annual Salary and Annual Bonus draws and payments based
on the achievement of 100% of personal goals (Severance Payment). The Severance Payment shall be payable as salary
continuation in accordance with the Companys regular payroll schedule and Section 1.3(c)(iv).

5

(ii).
If the Executive timely and properly elects health continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1985 (COBRA), the Company shall reimburse the Executive for the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive for
the Executive and the Executives dependents. Such reimbursement shall be paid to the Executive on the fifth day of the month
immediately following the month in which the Executive timely remits the premium payment (COBRA Payment). The
Executive shall be eligible to receive such reimbursement until the earliest of: (i) the eighteen-month anniversary of the
Termination Date; (ii) the date the Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (iii) the date on
which the Executive becomes eligible to receive substantially similar coverage from another employer or other source.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Companys making payments under this subsection 1.3(c)(ii) would violate the
nondiscrimination rules applicable to non-grandfathered plans under the Affordable Care Act (the ACA), or
result in the imposition of penalties under the ACA and the related regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder), the parties
agree to reform this subsection 1.3(c)(ii) in a manner as is necessary to comply with the ACA.

(iii).
Notwithstanding the terms of the Stock Plan or any applicable award agreements all outstanding unvested stock options, restricted stock
awards, restricted stock units or stock appreciation rights granted to the Executive shall become fully vested and exercisable for the
remainder of their full term and that the Company shall if requested by the Executive be responsible for remitting all taxes payable
by the Executive on the Executives behalf and the Executive shall forfeit a number of shares under each such award with a fair
market value equal to such payments made on the Executives behalf (Equity Acceleration).

(iv).
The payments described in this subsection 1.3(c), along with the vesting acceleration features of the Executives options as set
forth in Executives stock option award agreements, are the only severance or other payments or payments in lieu of notice that
the Executive will be entitled to receive under this Agreement (other than payments due under Section 1.3(d)). Any right of the Executive
to the Severance Payment, COBRA Payment and Equity Acceleration shall be contingent on the Executive signing, not revoking and complying
with a standard form of release agreement with the Company (which release shall not include any restrictions on post-termination activities
other than those referenced within this Agreement).

(d).
Earned Salary, PTO and Un-Reimbursed Expenses. In the event that: any portion of the Executives Annual Salary or Bonus
has been earned but not paid, any PTO has been accrued by the Executive but not used, or any reimbursable expenses have been incurred
by the Executive but not reimbursed, in each case to the date of termination of Executives employment, such amounts shall be paid
to the Executive in accordance with applicable law. PTO-related compensation shall be paid at the rate of the Annual Salary and shall
assume 25 days of PTO per year, to be adjusted pro-rata for the portion of the year up to the date of termination.

(e).
Statutory Deductions. All payments required to be made to the Executive, Executives beneficiaries, or Executives
estate under this Section shall be made net of all deductions required to be withheld by applicable law and regulation. The Executive
shall be solely responsible for the satisfaction of any taxes (including employment taxes imposed on employees and taxes on nonqualified
deferred compensation). Although the Company intends and expects that the Plan and its payments and benefits will not give rise to taxes
imposed under Code Section 409A, neither the Company nor its employees, directors, or their agents shall have any obligation to hold
the Executive harmless from any or all of such taxes or associated interest or penalties.

6

(f). Fair
and Reasonable, etc. The parties acknowledge and agree that the payment provisions contained in this Section are fair and
reasonable, and the Executive acknowledges and agrees that such payments are inclusive of any notice or pay in lieu of notice
or severance pay to which Executive would otherwise be entitled under statute, pursuant to common law or otherwise in the event that
Executives employment is terminated pursuant to or as contemplated in this Section 1.3.

1.4
Restrictive Covenants.

(a).
Non-Competition. Because of the Companys legitimate business interest as described herein and the good and valuable consideration
offered to the Executive, during the Employment Term, the Executive agrees and covenants not to engage in Prohibited Activity in the
development, implementation, operation, supply and marketing of a publishing platform for content management or other business aggregating
third party media brands or publishers into a network for the purpose of conducting collective advertising sales in connection with the
offering of such platform or services to third party customers (the Competing Business).

For
purposes of this Section 1.4(a), Prohibited Activity is activity in which the Executive contributes his knowledge,
directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, as an employee, employer, owner, operator, manager, advisor, consultant, agent, employee,
partner, director, stockholder, officer, volunteer, intern, or any other similar capacity to an entity engaged in the Competing Business.

Nothing
herein shall prohibit the Executive from purchasing or owning less than five percent (5%) of the publicly traded securities of any corporation
that engages in the Competing Business, provided that such ownership represents a passive investment and that the Executive is not a
controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls, such corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive may, without
violating this Section, (i) provide services that are unrelated to the Competing Business to any entity or person engaged in the Competing
Business, as long as the Executive is working in a division, unit, subsidiary, branch and/or affiliate that is not engaged in the Competing
Business; (ii) own securities in any venture capital, private debt or equity investment fund or similar investment entity that holds
securities in an entity that may be engaged in the Competing Business or own, as a passive investment, securities in a privately held
entity engaged in the Competing Business, provided that the number of shares of such entitys securities that are owned beneficially
by Executive represent less than five percent (5%) of the total number of outstanding shares of such entitys securities; or (iii)
work for a venture capital or private equity fund that has portfolio companies that engage in the Competing Business, so long as Executive
does not actively participate in the relationship between such fund and the portfolio companies that engage in the Competing Business.

7

(b).
During the Executives employment and after the termination of the Executives employment with the Company for any
reason, the Executive agrees and covenants not to use any Trade Secrets to engage in any Prohibited Activity. Trade Secrets means
information, including a formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique, or process, that (1) derives independent
economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to the public or to other persons who can obtain economic value
from its disclosure or use; and (2) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy.
Trade Secrets include but are not business processes, practices, methods, policies, plans, publications, documents, research,
operations, services, strategies, techniques, agreements, contracts, terms of agreements, transactions, potential transactions,
negotiations, know-how computer programs, computer software, applications, operating systems, software design, web design,
work-in-process, databases, manuals, records, articles, systems, material, sources of material, supplier information, vendor
information, financial information, results, legal information, marketing information, advertising information, pricing information,
design information, suppliers, vendors, developments, reports, sales, revenues, costs, formulae, product plans, designs, styles,
models, ideas, inventions, patent, patent applications, original works of authorship, discoveries, specifications, customer
information, client information. Trade Secrets also include information belonging to the Companys businesses or any existing
or prospective customer, supplier, investor or other associated third party, or of any other person or entity that has entrusted
such information to the Company in confidence. Trade Secrets developed by the Executive in the course of the employment of the
Executive by the Company shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement as if the Company furnished the same Trade
Secrets to the Executive in the first instance.

This
Section 1.4(b) does not, in any way, restrict or impede the Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights
cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction
or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation, or order. The
Executive shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to the Companys Chief Executive Officer or President

(c).
Non-Solicitation of Employees. During the Executives employment and for a period of six months following the termination
of the Executives employment with the Company for any reason, the Executive agrees and covenants not to directly or indirectly,
alone or in concert with others, solicit, encourage, influence, recruit, or induce or attempt to solicit, encourage, influence, recruit
or induce, or direct any other person or entity to take any of the aforementioned actions, any employee of the Company to cease working
for the Company and/or to begin working with any other person or entity. This non-solicitation provision explicitly covers all forms
of oral, written, or electronic communication, including, but not limited to, communications by email, regular mail, express mail, telephone,
fax, instant message, and social media, including, but not limited to, Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, and Twitter, and any other social
media platform, whether or not in existence at the time of entering into this Agreement.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section shall not deemed to have been breached or violated by the placement of general advertisements that may be
targeted to a particular geographic or technical area but that are not specifically targeted toward employees of the Company.

(d). Non-Solicitation
of Customers. The Company has a legitimate business interest in protecting its substantial and ongoing customer relationships.
The Executive understands and acknowledges that because of the Executives experience with and relationship to the Company,
the Executive will have access to and learn about much or all of the Companys customer information. Customer
Information includes, but is not limited to, names, phone numbers, addresses, e-mail addresses, order history, order
preferences, chain of command, pricing information, and other information identifying facts and circumstances specific to the
customer and relevant to customer sales and the provision to customers of services.

8

The
Executive understands and acknowledges that loss of this customer relationship and/or goodwill will cause significant and irreparable
harm.

In
exchange for the Executives employment by the Company, and based on the Executives access to Confidential Information during
the Executives employment, the Executive agrees and covenants that, during the Executives employment, the Executive will
not directly or indirectly solicit, contact (including but not limited to e-mail, regular mail, express mail, telephone, fax, instant
message, or social media, including but not limited to Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram or Twitter, or any other social media platform,
whether or not in existence at the time of entering into this Agreement), attempt to contact, or meet with the Companys customers
or prospective customers as described below for purposes of offering or accepting goods or services competitive with those offered by
the Company.

(e).
Confidential Information; Proprietary Rights. The Executive will have access to the trade secrets, business plans, and production
processes of Company. The Executive will be required to sign a Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement (the CPRA).

(f).
Books and Records. All books, records, and accounts relating in any manner to the customers or clients of the Company, whether
prepared by the Executive or otherwise coming into the Executives possession, shall be the exclusive property of the Company and
shall be returned immediately to the Company on termination of the Executives employment hereunder or on the Companys request
at any time.

(g).
Acknowledgment by the Executive. The Executive acknowledges and confirms that: (i) the restrictive covenants contained in this
Section 1.4 are reasonably necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company; (ii) the restrictions contained in
this Section 1.4 (including, without limitation, the length of the term of the provisions of this Section 1.4) are not overbroad, overlong,
or unfair and are not the result of overreaching, duress, or coercion of any kind; and (iii) the Executives entry into this Agreement
and, specifically this Section 1.4, is a material inducement and required condition to the Companys entry into this Agreement.

(h).
Reformation by Court. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any provision of this Section 1.4
is invalid or more restrictive than permitted under the governing law of such jurisdiction, then only as to enforcement of this Section
1.4 within the jurisdiction of such court, such provision shall be interpreted and enforced as if it provided for the maximum restriction
permitted under such governing law.

(i).
Survival. The provisions of this Section 1.4 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

9

(j). Injunction.
It is recognized and hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto that a breach by the Executive of any of the covenants contained in
this Section 1.4 will cause irreparable harm and damage to the Company, the monetary amount of which may be virtually impossible to ascertain.
As a result, the Executive recognizes and hereby acknowledges that the Company shall be entitled to an injunction (without the
necessity of posting a bond) from any court of competent jurisdiction enjoining and restraining any violation of any or all of the
covenants contained in this Section 1.4 by the Executive or any of Executives Affiliates, associates, partners or agents,
either directly or indirectly, and that such right to injunction shall be cumulative and in addition to whatever other remedies the
Company may possess.

1.5
Definitions. The following capitalized terms used herein shall have the following meanings:

(a).
Affiliate shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling,
controlled by or under common control with such Person.

(b).
Agreement shall mean this Agreement, as amended from time to time.

(c).
Annual Bonus shall have the meaning specified in Section 1.2(a)

(d).
Annual Salary shall have the meaning specified in Section 1.2(b).

(e).
Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

(f).
Cause means the (i) Executives willful and continued failure substantially to perform the duties of Executive
under this Agreement (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness); (ii) the Executives
willful and continued failure to comply with any reasonable, valid and legal directive of the Chief Executive Officer in accordance with
this Agreement; (iii) the Executives engagement in dishonesty, illegal conduct, or willful misconduct, which is, in each case,
materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company or its Affiliates; (iv) the Executives embezzlement, misappropriation, or
fraud against the Company or any of its Affiliates; (v) the Executives conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a
crime that constitutes a felony (or state law equivalent) or a crime that constitutes a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude if such
felony or misdemeanor is work-related, materially impairs the Executives ability to perform services for the Company, or results
in a material loss to the Company or material damage to the reputation of the Company; (vi) the Executives willful and continued
violation of a material policy of the Company that has been previously delivered to Executive in writing if such failure causes material
harm to the Company; or (vii) the Executives material breach of any material obligation under this Agreement or any other written
agreement between the Executive and the Company that is not cured within 30 days of written notice detailing such breach from the Company
to the Executive. No act or failure to act on the part of the Executive shall be considered willful unless it is done,
or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executives action or omission was in
the best interests of the Company.

(g).
Code shall have the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as it may be amended from time to time.

10

(h).
Company shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereof; provided that, (i)
Company shall include any successor to the Company and (ii) for purposes of Section 1.5, the term
Company also shall include any existing or future subsidiaries of the Company that are operating during any of the
time periods described in Section 1.1(a) and any other entities that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries,
control, are controlled by or are under common control with the Company during the periods described in Section 1.1(a).

(i).
Good Reason shall mean any of the following events, which has not been either consented to in advance by the
Executive in writing or, with respect only to subsections (i), (iii), (iv) or (vi) below, cured by the Company within a
reasonable period of time, not to exceed 30 days, after the Executive provides written notice within 30 days of the initial
existence of one or more of the following events: (i) a material reduction in Annual Salary or Target Bonus opportunity for which
Executive is eligible; provided, however, that Company may reduce Executives Annual Salary or Target Bonus opportunity in a
force majeure event under Section 2.1 or where the reduction is consistent with similar reductions among Companys executive
employees; (ii) whether or not consented to by the Executive, any merger or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company or any other Change in Control of the Company (as defined in the Stock Plan); (iii) any failure by the Company to comply
with Section 2.7 of this Agreement; (iv) a material diminution or reduction in the Executives responsibilities, duties or
authority; (v) requiring the Executive to take any action which would violate any federal or state law; (vi) any requirement that
the Executives duties be performed outside of San Francisco, California more than two (2) days per week on average, (it being
understood that certain weeks will require lengthier stays outside of San Francisco, California); (vii) any failure to pay the
Executive any compensation or benefits to which the Executive is entitled within fifteen (15) days of the date due; (viii) at any
time during the Term the predecessor to the CEO as of the Effective Date is an executive officer of the Company or any Affiliate; or
(ix) at any time during the Term the predecessor to the CEO as of the Effective Date is, or holds the right to designate, a member
of the Board of Directors of the Company or any Affiliate. Good Reason shall not exist unless the Executive terminates his
employment within seventy-five (75) days following the initial existence of the condition or conditions that the Company has failed
to cure, if applicable.

(j).
Person shall mean any individual, corporation (including any non-profit corporation), general partnership, limited
partnership, limited liability partnership, joint venture, estate, trust, company (including any limited liability company or joint stock
company), firm or other enterprise, association, organization or entity.

(k).
Proprietary Information shall mean the Confidential Information as defined in the CPRA, as it may exist from time
to time.

Article
2.

MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS

2.1
Force Majeure. In the event either party is unable to perform its or Executives obligations under the terms of this Agreement
because of acts of God; act of government; war; natural disaster; pandemics, epidemics or other outbreaks of disease, such party shall
not be liable to the other for any damages resulting from such failure to perform or otherwise from such causes. The Company acknowledges
that this Section shall only apply to the Executive so long as the Company applies it consistently with respect to similarly situated
executives at the Company.

11

2.2
Further Assurances. Each of the parties hereto shall execute and cause to be delivered to the other party hereto such instruments
and other documents, and shall take such other actions, as such other party may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out or
evidencing any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.3
Notices. All notices hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sent by (a) certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,
(b) national prepaid overnight delivery service, (c) electronic transmission (following with hard copies to be sent by prepaid overnight
delivery Service) or (d) personal delivery with receipt acknowledged in writing. All notices shall be addressed to the parties hereto
at their respective addresses as set forth below (except that any party hereto may from time to time upon fifteen days written
notice change its address for that purpose), and shall be effective on the date when actually received or refused by the party to whom
the same is directed (except to the extent sent by registered or certified mail, in which event such notice shall be deemed given on
the third day after mailing).

(a).
If to the Company:

TheMaven,
Inc.

225 Liberty Street

27th Floor

New
York, NY 10821

Email: hr@maven.io

(b).
If to the Executive:

Paul
Edmondson

[***]

[***]

Email:
[***]

2.4
Headings. The underlined or boldfaced headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, shall not be
deemed to be a part of this Agreement and shall not be referred to in connection with the construction or interpretation of this Agreement,

2.5
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which,
when taken together, shall constitute one agreement.

2.6
Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue.

(a).
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed in all respects by, the internal laws of the State of California (without
giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws), except to the extent preempted by federal law.

12

(b).
Any legal action or other legal proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement shall be
brought or otherwise commenced exclusively in any state or federal court located in San Francisco, California.

2.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their successors
and assigns (if any). The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase,
merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company expressly to assume and
agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would have been required to perform it if
no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean both the Company as defined above and
any such successor that assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise. The Executive shall not assign
this Agreement or any of Executives rights or obligations hereunder (by operation of law or otherwise) to any Person without the
consent of the Company.

2.8
Remedies Cumulative; Specific Performance. The rights and remedies of the parties hereto shall be cumulative (and not alternative).
The parties to this Agreement agree that, in the event of any breach or threatened breach by any party to this Agreement of any covenant,
obligation or other provision set forth in this Agreement for the benefit of any other party to this Agreement, such other party shall
be entitled (in addition to any other remedy that may be available to it) to (a) a decree or order of specific performance or mandamus
to enforce the observance and performance of such covenant, obligation or other provision, and (b) an injunction restraining such breach
or threatened breach. The parties to this Agreement further agree that in the event Executive prevails on any material claim (in a final
adjudication) in any legal proceeding brought against the Company to enforce Executives rights under this Agreement, the Company
will reimburse Executive for the reasonable legal fees incurred by Executive in connection with such proceeding.

2.9
Waiver. No failure on the part of any Person to exercise any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, and no delay
on the part of any Person in exercising any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, shall operate as a waiver of such
power, right, privilege or remedy and no single or partial exercise of any such power, right, privilege or remedy shall preclude any
other or further exercise thereof or of any other power, right, privilege or remedy. No Person shall be deemed to have waived any claim
arising out of this Agreement, or any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, unless the waiver of statutory claim, power,
right, privilege or remedy is expressly set forth in a written instrument duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person; and any
such waiver shall not be applicable or have any effect except in the specific instance in which it is given.

13

2.10 Code
Section 409A Compliance. To the extent amounts or benefits that become payable under this Agreement on account of the
Executives termination of employment (other than by reason of the Executives death) constitute a distribution under a
nonqualified deferred compensation plan within the meaning of Code Section 409A (Deferred
Compensation), the Executives termination of employment shall be deemed to occur on the date that the Executive
incurs a separation from Service with the Company within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h). If at
the time of the Executives separation from service, the Executive is a specified Executive (within the
meaning of Code Section 409A and Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i)), the payment of such Deferred Compensation shall commence
on the first business day of the seventh month following Executives separation from Service and the Company shall then pay
the Executive, without interest, all such Deferred Compensation that would have otherwise been paid under this Agreement during the
first six months following the Executives separation from service had the Executive not been a specified Executive.
Thereafter, the Company shall pay Executive any remaining unpaid Deferred Compensation in accordance with this Agreement as if there
had not been a six-month delay imposed by this paragraph. If any expense reimbursement by the Executive under this Agreement is
determined to be Deferred Compensation, then the reimbursement shall be made to the Executive as soon as practicable after
submission for the reimbursement, but no later than December 31 of the year following the year during which such expense was
incurred. Any reimbursement amount provided in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in another year and
the right to such reimbursement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. In addition, if any provision
of this Agreement would subject the Executive to any additional tax or interest under Code Section 409A, then the Company shall
reform such provision; provided that the Company shall (x) maintain, to the maximum extent practicable, the original intent
of the applicable provision without subjecting the Executive to such additional tax or interest and (y) not incur any additional
compensation expense as a result of such reformation.

2.11
Amendments. This Agreement may not be amended, modified, altered or supplemented other than by means of a written instrument duly
executed and delivered on behalf of all of the parties hereto.

2.12
Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement, or the application of any such provision to any Person or set
of circumstances, shall be determined to be invalid, unlawful, void or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement,
and the application of such provision to Persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is determined to be invalid, unlawful,
void or unenforceable, shall not be impaired or otherwise affected and shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent
permitted by law,

2.13
Parties in Interest. Except as provided herein, none of the provisions of this Agreement are intended to provide any rights or
remedies to any Person other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (if any).

2.14
Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof
and supersedes all prior agreements, term sheets and understandings between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT TO FOLLOW]

14

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT]

The
parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the date first set forth above.

THE
COMPANY:

THEMAVEN,
INC.

By: /s/
Ross Levinsohn

Name: Ross
Levinsohn

Title: CEO

THE
EXECUTIVE:

Paul Edmondson

/s/
Paul Edmondson

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>aren-20250212.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>aren-20250212_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>aren-20250212_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 12, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 12, 2025

Entity File Number 001-12471

Entity Registrant Name The
Arena Group Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000894871

Entity Tax Identification Number 68-0232575

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 200
Vesey Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two 24th
Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New
York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10281

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 321-5002

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol AREN

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://thearenagroup.net/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aren-20250212.xsd 
aren-20250212_lab.xml 
aren-20250212_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-007581-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000894871 

2025-02-12 
2025-02-12 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000894871 
8-K 
2025-02-12 
The Arena Group Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-12471 
68-0232575 
200 Vesey Street 
24th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10281 
212 
321-5002 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
AREN 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>