<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-002082.txt : 20250327
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-002082.hdr.sgml : 20250327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250326180146
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-002082
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250319
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Quartzsea Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002047455
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42555
		FILM NUMBER:		25774610

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 331
		STREET 2:		1185 6TH AVE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-612-1400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 331
		STREET 2:		1185 6TH AVE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>quartzsea_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000204745500020474552025-03-192025-03-190002047455CIK0002047455:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember2025-03-192025-03-190002047455CIK0002047455:OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-192025-03-190002047455CIK0002047455:RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnefifthOfOneOrdinaryShareMember2025-03-192025-03-19iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 26, 2025 (March
19, 2025)

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 6770000-00000 00-0000000N/A

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

1185 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 304

New York, NY 10036

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (212)612-1400

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation to the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one ordinary share and one right QSEAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share QSEA The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-fifth of one ordinary share QSEAR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On March 19, 2025, Quartzsea
Acquisition Corporation (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (the IPO) of 7,200,000 units
(the Units). In connection with the closing of the IPO, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option to purchase
1,080,000 additional Units for an aggregate of 8,280,000 Units sold. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share,
of the Company (the Ordinary Shares) and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation
of the Companys initial business combination the (Rights). The Units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per
Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $82,800,000.

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated a private placement (the Private Placement) in which Blue Jay Investment LLC (the Sponsor),
purchased 231,900 units (the Private Placement Units) at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total
gross proceeds of $2,319,000.

A total of $82,800,000
of the net proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units were placed in a trust account established for the
benefit of the Companys public shareholders.

An audited balance sheet as
of March 19, 2025, reflecting receipt of the proceeds upon consummation of the IPO and the Private Placement has been issued by the Company
and is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Audited Balance Sheet as of March 19, 2025 

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

Date: March 26, 2025 By: /s/ Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong

Title: Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>quartzsea_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 199) F-2

Balance Sheet as of March 19, 2025 F-3

Notes to Financial Statement F-4

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of

Quartzsea
Acquisition Corporation

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation (the Company) as of March 19,
2025 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 19, 2025 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in
Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company is a Special Purpose Acquisition Company that was formed for the purpose of completing
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
within an expected period of fifteen months from the date of a initial public offering. The Company lacks the capital resources
it needs to fund its operations for a reasonable period of time, which is generally considered to be one year from the issuance
of the financial statements. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern.
Managements plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Companys financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/
CBIZ CPAs P.C. 

CBIZ CPAs
P.C. 

We have
served as the Companys auditor since 2024. 

Morristown,
NJ 

March 26,
2025 

F-2

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

BALANCE SHEET

March 19, 2025

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash $ 1,245,878 

Total Current Assets 1,245,878 

Cash held in Trust Account 82,800,000 

Total Assets $ 84,045,878 

Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 8,898 

Total Current Liabilities 8,898 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 3,312,000 

Total Liabilities 3,320,898 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, 500,000,000 shares authorized, 8,280,000 shares subject to possible redemption 82,800,000 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, 500,000,000 shares authorized, 3,129,900 shares issued and outstanding(1) (excluding 8,280,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 313 

Accumulated deficit (2,075,333 )

Total Shareholders Deficit (2,075,020 )

Total Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit $ 84,045,878 

(1) As a result of the underwriter full exercise of its over-allotment option to purchase 1,080,000 units on March 19, 2025, no shares were subject to forfeiture.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this financial statement.

F-3

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

MARCH 19, 2025

Note 1 Organization, Business Operations

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation (the Company) is a newly organized blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability on November 5, 2024. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (Business Combination). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.

As of March 19, 2025, the Company had not commenced any operations. For the period from November 5, 2024 (inception) through March 19, 2025, the Companys efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to completing the initial public offering (IPO). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of dividend and/or interest income from the proceeds derived from the IPO and sale of Private Placement Units (as defined below). The Company has selected November 30 as its fiscal year end.

The Companys sponsor is Blue Jay Investment LLC (the Sponsor), a Delaware limited liability company. The Companys ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through the IPO (see Note 3) and Private Placement (as defined below) to the initial shareholder (see Note 4).

The registration statement for the IPO was declared effective on March 14, 2025. On March 19, 2025, the Company consummated its IPO of 8,280,000 units (the Public Units), including the full exercise of the over-allotment option of 1,080,000 Units granted to the underwriters. The Public Units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per unit generating gross proceeds of $82,800,000. Simultaneously with the IPO, the Company sold to its Sponsor 231,900 units at $10.00 per unit (the Private Units) in a private placement generating total gross proceeds of $2,319,000, which is described in Note 4.

Transaction costs amounted to $4,361,752
consisting of $3,898,500 of underwriting commissions, $586,500 of which was paid in cash at the closing date of the IPO and $463,252
of legal and other offering costs. At the IPO date, cash of $1,245,878 was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and
is available for working capital purposes.

The Companys management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete a Business Combination having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into an initial Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

Upon the closing of the IPO, management has agreed
that at least $10.00 per public share underlying Units sold in the IPO will be held into a U.S.-based trust account (Trust Account).
The funds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in
money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and which invest solely in
U.S. Treasuries. The Trust Fund will be deposited into the Trust Account in the U.S. to be released only in the event of either: (i) the
consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the Companys failure to complete a Business Combination within the applicable period
of time.

F-4

The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding
Public Shares (the Public shareholders) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the
completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or
(ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public
Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially $10.00 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income tax obligations). The
Public Shares subject to redemption was recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO
on March 19, 2025 in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity.

If the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Companys Sponsor and any of the Companys officers or directors that may hold Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) (the Initial Shareholders) and the underwriters have agreed (a) to vote their Founder Shares, Private Shares (as defined in Note 4), and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO (other than Public Shares purchased outside of a redemption offer which may not be voted in favor of approving the business combination transaction in accordance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act and any SEC interpretations or guidance relating thereto) in favor of approving a Business Combination and (b) not to convert any shares (including the Founder Shares) in connection with a shareholder vote to approve, or sell the shares to the Company in any tender offer in connection with, a proposed Business Combination.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company.

The Initial Shareholders have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares, Private Shares, and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment.

The Company have 15 months from the consummation of the IPO, or June 19, 2026, to consummate its initial business combination (Combination Period). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and the Companys board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

F-5

The Sponsor and the other Initial Shareholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares, and Private Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or the other Initial Shareholders acquires Public Shares in or after the IPO, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.

In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below $10.00 per public share, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a valid and enforceable agreement with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the underwriters of IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.

Going Concern Consideration

As of March 19, 2025, the Company had $1,245,878
of cash and a working capital of $1,236,980. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of
the consummation of an initial Business Combination. In addition, the Company currently has until June 19, 2026 (unless the Company
extends such period by amending its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) to consummate the initial Business Combination.
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the prescribed timeline, the Company will trigger an automatic winding
up, dissolution and liquidation pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. In connection
with the Companys assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Boards Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entitys Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern, the Company has determined that it has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition
plans. There is no assurance that the Companys plans to raise capital or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful
within the Combination Period. The Company lacks the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time,
which is considered to be one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statement. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, management has determined that such additional conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern until the earlier of the consummation of the
Business Combination or the date the Company is required to liquidate. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might
result from the Companys inability to continue as a going concern.

Note 2 Significant accounting policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial statement is presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.

F-6

Emerging Growth Company Status

The Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Companys financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Use of Estimates

In preparing these financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, the Companys management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported expenses during the reporting period.

Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company has cash of $1,245,878 and no cash equivalents as of March 19, 2025.

Cash Held in Trust Account

As of March 19, 2025, the assets held in the Trust Account, amounting to $82,800,000, were held in cash.

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account.

F-7

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the Companys assets and
liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) ASC 820, Fair
Value Measurement, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term
nature.

The Company applies ASC 820, which establishes a framework for measuring fair value and clarifies the definition of fair value within that framework. ASC 820 defines fair value as an exit price, which is the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the Companys principal or most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy established in ASC 820 generally requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Observable inputs reflect the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity. Unobservable inputs reflect the entitys own assumptions based on market data and the entitys judgments about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are to be developed based on the best information available in the circumstances.

Level 1Assets and liabilities with unadjusted, quoted prices listed on active market exchanges. Inputs to the fair value measurement are observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2Inputs to the fair value measurement are determined using prices for recently traded assets and liabilities with similar underlying terms, as well as direct or indirect observable inputs, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.

Level 3Inputs to the fair value measurement are unobservable inputs, such as estimates, assumptions, and valuation techniques when little or no market data exists for the assets or liabilities.

Deferred Offering Costs

The Company complies with the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 340-10-S99-1, Other Assets and Deferred Costs SEC Materials (ASC 340-10-S99) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering. Deferred offering costs were $4,361,752 consisting principally of $3,898,500 underwriting fees and $463,252 legal and other expenses that are directly related to the IPO and charged to shareholders equity upon the completion of the IPO.

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

The Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (ASC 480). Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) will be classified as a liability instrument and will be measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Companys control) will be classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares will be classified as stockholders equity. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company classifies the ordinary shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption provisions are not solely within the control of the Company. Given that the 8,280,000 ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO were issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., rights), the initial carrying value of ordinary shares classified as temporary equity has been allocated to the proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. The initial accretion and subsequent remeasurements will be treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). Accordingly, as of March 19, 2025, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Companys balance sheet. As of March 19, 2025, the ordinary shares subject to redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table:

F-8

Gross proceeds $ 82,800,000 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public share Rights (1,904,400 )

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs (4,261,431 )

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 6,165,831 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, March 19, 2025 $ 82,800,000 

Rights Accounting

The Company accounts for rights as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the rights specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480 and ASC 815. The assessment considers whether the rights are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the rights meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the rights are indexed to the Companys own ordinary shares and whether the right holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Companys control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of right issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the rights are outstanding.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes (ASC 740). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.

ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprises financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition. Based on the Companys evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Companys financial statements.

The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of March 19, 2025. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman Islands federal income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Companys financial statement.

F-9

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging
Contracts in Entitys Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) (ASU 2020-06), to simplify accounting for certain financial
instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features
from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts
in an entitys own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and free-standing instruments
that are indexed to and settled in an entitys own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including
the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 and should
be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company adopted
ASU 2020-06 upon the inception of the Company. Adoption of the ASU did not impact the Companys financial position, results of
operations or cash flows.

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No.
2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which requires the disclosure of additional segment
information. ASU No. 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company is evaluating what the impact of adopting ASU 2023-07 might have on those financial
statements.

Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Companys financial statements.

Note 3 Initial Public Offering

On March 19, 2025, the Company sold 8,280,000 Units (including full allotment of 1,080,000 units), at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share and one right (the Public Right). Each Public Right entitles the holder to purchase one-fifth (1/5) of one ordinary share upon the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination. The Company will not issue fractional shares.

Note 4 Private Placement

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 231,900 Private Units at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit for an aggregate purchase price of $2,319,000. Each Private Unit was identical to the Public Units sold in the IPO, except as described below.

Each Private Unit consists of one ordinary share (Private Share) and one right (Private Right). Each Private Right will convert into one-fifth (1/5) of one ordinary share upon the consummation of a Business Combination. The proceeds from the Private Units were added to the proceeds from the IPO which were deposited in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. Private Placement Units and all underlying securities will not be transferable, assignable, or salable until the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions.

F-10

Note 5 Related Party Transactions

Founder Shares

On November 5, 2024, the Company issued to the Sponsor 1,725,000 ordinary shares for an aggregated consideration of $25,000, or approximately $0.0145 per ordinary share. On February 12, 2025, the Company and the Sponsor entered into the First Amendment to the Subscription Agreement, pursuant to which the purchased amount of shares was adjusted to 2,415,000 ordinary shares, $0.0104 per ordinary share. On March 17, 2025, the Company and the Sponsor entered into the Second Amendment to the Subscription Agreement, pursuant to which the purchased amount of Founder Shares was adjusted to 2,898,000, of which 378,000 are subject to forfeiture. As a result of the underwriters full excise of its over-allotment option on March 19, 2025, no shares are subject to forfeiture.

The Initial Shareholders have agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares for a time period ending on the date that is the earlier of (A) six months after the completion of the Companys initial business combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after its initial business combination that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The Initial Shareholders also agree not to transfer any ownership interest in, except to permitted transferees, their private placement until at least 30 days following the completion of the business combination.

Promissory Note Related Party

On November 5, 2024, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate amount of $500,000 to be used, in part, for transaction costs incurred in connection with the IPO (the Promissory Note). Prior to the closing of the IPO, the Company has an outstanding loan balance of $500,000 under the Promissory Note. The Promissory Note is unsecured, interest-free and due on the date on which the Company closes the IPO. The loan was repaid upon the closing of the IPO out of the offering proceeds not held in the Trust Account on March 19, 2025.

Working Capital Loans

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor, the Companys officers and directors, or their affiliates/designees may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, it would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such working capital loans (Working Capital Loans) may be convertible into private units, at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of its initial Business Combination. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units.

As of March 19, 2025, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans.

Administrative Services Agreement

The Company entered into an Administrative Services Agreement with the Sponsor on November 5, 2024, commencing on the effective date of the registration statement of the initial public offering through the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination or the Companys liquidation, to pay the Sponsor a total of $20,000 per month for office space and administrative and support services. On February 12, 2025, the Company and the Sponsor entered into the First Amendment to the Administrative Services Agreement, pursuant to which the monthly fee was amended to $15,000. On March 7, 2025, the Company and the Sponsor entered into the Second Amendment to the Administrative Services Agreement, pursuant to which the monthly fee was amended to $20,000.

F-11

Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies

Risks and Uncertainties

In February 2022, an armed conflict escalated between Russia and Ukraine. Separately, in October 2023, Israel and Hamas began an armed conflict.

As a result of the ongoing Russia/Ukraine, Hamas/Israel conflicts and/or other future global conflicts, the Companys ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, the Companys ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and potential future sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact on the Companys financial position, results of operations or ability to consummate a Business Combination are not yet determinable. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Registration Rights

The holders of the Founder Shares issued and outstanding as of March 19, 2025, as well as the holders of the private units and any shares of the Companys insiders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans and extension loans made to the Company (and any shares of ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of the underlying the private rights), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the registration statement. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make demands that the Company register such securities. Both the holders of the Founder Shares and the holders of the private units as well as shares issued in payment of working capital loans made to the Company, if applicable, will have the ability to elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the consummation of an initial business combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of an initial business combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting Agreement

The Company has granted SPAC Advisory Partners (SAP), the representative of the underwriters, a 45-day option from the date of the registration statement to purchase up to 1,080,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriter fully excised its over-allotment option on March 19, 2025.

The underwriter is entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of 0.75% on the first $69,000,000 of the gross proceeds from the IPO, plus 0.50% on the remaining $13,800,000, totalling $586,500
including the full excise of over-allotment option by the underwriter. In addition, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of 4.0%
of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or $3,312,000, which will be paid upon the closing of a Business Combination solely from amounts remaining
in the Trust Account following all properly submitted shareholder redemption in connection with the consummation of the initial Business
Combination and such deferred fee shall be capped at such amount so remaining in the Trust Account.

Right of First Refusal

The Company has granted SAP a right of first refusal for a period commencing from the consummation of the IPO until the earlier of (i) 10 months after the consummation of the initial business combination (or the liquidation of the Trust Account in the event that the Company fails to consummate its initial business combination within the prescribed time period) or (ii) 36 months after the consummation of the IPO in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6)(A) to act as lead financial advisor, capital markets advisor, underwriter and/or private placement agent in connection with any initial business combination or in connection with any financing that occurs between the closing of the IPO and the date that is the earlier of (i) 10 months after the closing of the initial business combination or (ii) 36 months after the consummation of the IPO.

Director and Officer Insurance Policy

The Company has entered into a contract with Continental
Casualty Company, the insurer, to purchase a two-year (from March 18, 2025 to March 18, 2027) Directors and Officers Liability policy
for a total premium of $145,000, which is payable within ten (10) business days. As of March 19, 2029, the Company accrued $397 on the
balance sheet.

F-12

Note 7 Shareholders Deficit

Ordinary shares The Companys Post-offering Memorandum and Articles of Association to be adopted with effect from the effectiveness of this prospectus will be authorized to issue up to 500,000,000 ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share. Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by the shareholders, except as required by law. On November 5, 2024, the Company issued to the Sponsor 1,725,000 ordinary shares for $25,000, or approximately $0.0145 per ordinary share. On February 12, 2025, the Company and the Sponsor entered into the First Amendment to the Subscription Agreement, pursuant to which the purchased amount of shares was adjusted to 2,415,000 ordinary shares, $0.0104 per ordinary share. On March 17, 2025, the Company and the Sponsor entered into the Second Amendment to the Subscription Agreement, pursuant to which the purchased amount of Founder Shares was adjusted to 2,898,000.

At March 19, 2025, there were 3,129,900
ordinary shares issued and outstanding.

Rights As of March 19, 2025, there were 8,280,000 Public Rights and 231,900 private rights include in the Private Units outstanding. Each holder of a right will receive one-fifth (1/5) of one ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder of such right redeemed all shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon conversion of the rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination, as the consideration related thereto has been included in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors in the IPO. If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per ordinary share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary shares basis and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively covert its rights in order to receive one share underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). The shares issuable upon conversion of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company).

If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from the Companys assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of a Business Combination. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless.

Note 8 Subsequent Events

The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date when these financial statements were issued. Based on this review, the Company did not identify any other subsequent events that would require adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.

F-13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cik0002047455-20250319.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cik0002047455-20250319_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cik0002047455-20250319_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one ordinary share and one right 

Ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-fifth of one ordinary share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cik0002047455-20250319_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 19, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 19, 2025

Entity File Number 000-00000

Entity Registrant Name Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0002047455

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 1185 Avenue of the Americas

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 304

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10036

City Area Code (212)

Local Phone Number 612-1400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one ordinary share and one right 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one ordinary share and one right

Trading Symbol QSEAU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol QSEA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-fifth of one ordinary share 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-fifth of one ordinary share

Trading Symbol QSEAR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CIK0002047455_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CIK0002047455_OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CIK0002047455_RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnefifthOfOneOrdinaryShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://CIK0002047455/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cik0002047455-20250319.xsd 
cik0002047455-20250319_def.xml 
cik0002047455-20250319_lab.xml 
cik0002047455-20250319_pre.xml 
quartzsea_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-002082-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>quartzsea_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002047455 

2025-03-19 
2025-03-19 

0002047455 

CIK0002047455:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember 

2025-03-19 
2025-03-19 

0002047455 

CIK0002047455:OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-19 
2025-03-19 

0002047455 

CIK0002047455:RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnefifthOfOneOrdinaryShareMember 

2025-03-19 
2025-03-19 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002047455 
8-K 
2025-03-19 
Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation 
E9 
000-00000 
00-0000000 
1185 Avenue of the Americas 
Suite 304 
New York 
NY 
10036 
(212) 
612-1400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one ordinary share and one right 
QSEAU 
NASDAQ 
Ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
QSEA 
NASDAQ 
Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-fifth of one ordinary share 
QSEAR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>