<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001580642-25-000020.txt : 20250102
<SEC-HEADER>0001580642-25-000020.hdr.sgml : 20250102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250102170819
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001580642-25-000020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250101
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIP Ventures Evergreen BDC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001950572
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				886663716
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01656
		FILM NUMBER:		25502851

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3575 PIEDMONT ROAD
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 15, SUITE 730
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-410-6476

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3575 PIEDMONT ROAD
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 15, SUITE 730
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIP Evergreen Venture Fund
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230616

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Panoramic Evergreen Venture Fund
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20221013
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-310001950572falsefalsefalsefalsefalse00019505722025-01-012025-01-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 2, 2025 (January 1, 2025)

BIP Ventures Evergreen BDC

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 000-56550 93-6632897

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S.
Employer

Identification No.)

3575 Piedmont Rd NE 

Building 15, Suite 730 

Atlanta,
Georgia 30305

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (404)410-6476

Not
Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

o Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

o Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

o Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

o Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Second
Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement

On
January 1, 2025, BIP Ventures Evergreen BDC, a Delaware statutory trust (the Company), entered into a Second Amended and
Restated Investment Advisory Agreement (the Second Amended Advisory Agreement) with BIP Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, as investment adviser to the Company (the Adviser), in connection with the previously announced results
of the Companys November 20, 2024, special meeting of shareholders (the Special Meeting) where certain amendments
were approved to the Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, dated August 7, 2024
(the First Amended Advisory Agreement). The Second Amended Advisory Agreement was duly adopted by the Companys Board
of Trustees (the Board) at a meeting held on November 6, 2024 (the Board Meeting), pending shareholder approval
at the Special Meeting. 

The
Second Amended Advisory Agreement amends and restates the First Amended Advisory Agreementto
re-characterize the incentive fees (the Incentive Fee) payable to the Adviser as an incentive allocation (the Incentive
Allocation). The terms of the First Amended Advisory Agreement are unchanged, except to reflect the recharacterization from the
Incentive Fee to the Incentive Allocation, conforming definitional edits and other conforming edits to accommodate such recharacterization,
including the associated tax treatment, and to address the transition from the Incentive Fee to the Incentive Allocation.

This
summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Second Amended Advisory Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report) and incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year

Second
Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust

On
January 1, 2025, the Company entered into a Second Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust (the Second Amended
Declaration of Trust), in connection with the previously announced results of the Special Meeting. The Board adopted the Second
Amended Declaration of Trust at the Board Meeting pending shareholder approval of the Second Amended Advisory Agreement at the Special
Meeting.

The
Second Amended Declaration of Trust amends and restates the First Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust, dated as of
July 11, 2023 (the First Amended Declaration of Trust), to recharacterize the Incentive Fee payable to the Adviser to an
Incentive Allocation. The terms of the First Amended Declaration of Trust are unchanged, except to reflect the recharacterization from
the Incentive Fee to the Incentive Allocation, conforming definitional edits and other conforming edits to accommodate such recharacterization,
including the associated tax treatment, and to address the transition from the Incentive Fee to the Incentive Allocation.

This
summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Second Amended Declaration of Trust, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to
this Current Report and incorporated herein by reference.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

3.1 Second
Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust, dated January 1, 2025

10.1 Second
Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, dated January 1, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BIP
Ventures Evergreen BDC 

Dated: January
2, 2025 /s/
Mark Buffington 

Mark
Buffington 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 1, 2025.
<TEXT>
Execution
Version

BIP
VENTURES EVERGREEN BDC

SECOND
AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT AND DECLARATION OF TRUST

Dated
as of January 1, 2025

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Page

Article
I The Trust 1

Section
1.1 Name 1

Section
1.2 Trust Purpose 2

Section
1.3 Definitions 2

Article
II Board of Trustees 4

Section
2.1 Number and Qualification 4

Section
2.2 Term and Election 4

Section
2.3 Resignation and Removal 5

Section
2.4 Vacancies 5

Section
2.5 Meetings 6

Article
III Powers and Duties of Trustees 7

Section
3.1 General 7

Section
3.2 Investments 7

Section
3.3 Legal Title 8

Section
3.4 Issuance and Repurchase of Shares 8

Section
3.5 Borrow Money or Utilize Leverage 8

Section
3.6 Delegation Committees 9

Section
3.7 Collection and Payment 9

Section
3.8 Bylaws 9

Section
3.9 Miscellaneous Powers 9

Section
3.10 Further Powers 9

Section
3.11 Sole Discretion Good Faith Corporate Opportunities of Adviser 10

Article
IV Fees and Expenses Advisory, Management and Distribution Arrangements 10

Section
4.1 Expenses 10

Section
4.2 Advisory and Management Arrangements 11

Section
4.3 Distribution Arrangements 11

Section
4.4 Parties to Contract 11

Article
V Limitations of Liability and Indemnification 12

Section
5.1 No Personal Liability of Shareholders, Trustees, etc 12

Section
5.2 Mandatory Indemnification 12

Section
5.3 No Bond Required of Trustees 14

Section
5.4 No Duty of Investigation No Notice in Trust Instruments, etc 14

Section
5.5 Reliance on Experts, etc 14

Article
VI Shares of Beneficial Interest 14

Section
6.1 Beneficial Interest 14

Section
6.2 Other Securities 14

Section
6.3 Rights of Shareholders 15

i

Section
6.4 Trust Only 15

Section
6.5 Issuance of Shares 15

Section
6.6 Register of Shares 16

Section
6.7 Transfer Agent and Registrar 16

Section
6.8 Transfer of Shares 16

Section
6.9 Notices 17

Section
6.10 Derivative Actions 17

Article
VII Custodians 17

Section
7.1 Appointment and Duties 17

Section
7.2 Central Certificate System 18

Article
VIII Redemption 18

Section
8.1 Redemptions 18

Section
8.2 Disclosure of Holding 18

Section
8.3 Redemption by Trust 18

Article
IX Net Asset Value and Distributions 19

Section
9.1 Net Asset Value 19

Section
9.2 Distributions to Shareholders and the Adviser 19

Section
9.3 Power to Modify Foregoing Procedures 20

Article
X Shareholders 20

Section
10.1 Meetings of Shareholders 20

Section
10.2 Voting 20

Section
10.3 Notice of Meeting and Record Date 21

Section
10.4 Quorum and Required Vote 21

Section
10.5 Proxies, etc 21

Section
10.6 Reports 22

Section
10.7 Inspection of Records 22

Section
10.8 Delivery by Electronic Transmission or Otherwise 22

Section
10.9 Shareholder Action by Written Consent 22

Article
XI Wind Down Amendment Mergers, Etc. 23

Section
11.1 Wind Down 23

Section
11.2 Amendment Procedure 23

Section
11.3 Subsidiaries 24

Section
11.4 Certain Transactions 24

Article
XII The Delaware Trustee 25

Section
12.1 Purpose of Appointment 25

Section
12.2 Duties 25

Section
12.3 Removal 25

Section
12.4 Merger 25

Section
12.5 Liability 26

ii

Section
12.6 Successors 27

Section
12.7 Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses 27

Article
XIII Miscellaneous 28

Section
13.1 Filing 28

Section
13.2 Governing Law 28

Section
13.3 Exclusive Delaware Jurisdiction 29

Section
13.4 Counterparts 29

Section
13.5 Reliance by Third Parties 29

Section
13.6 Provisions in Conflict with Law or Regulation 30

Section
13.7 Amendment and Restatement 30

Article
XIV Tax Matters 30

Section
14.1 Partnership Classification 30

Section
14.2 Capital Accounts 31

Section
14.3 Allocations of Profits and Losses 31

Section
14.4 Incentive Allocation 33

Section
14.5 Partnership Representative 33

Section
14.6 Tax Elections 34

iii

BIP
VENTURES EVERGREEN BDC

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT AND DECLARATION OF TRUST

AGREEMENT
AND DECLARATION OF TRUST made as of January 1, 2025, by the Board of Trustees hereunder and CSC Delaware Trust Company (formerly Delaware
Trust Company), as Delaware trustee.

WHEREAS,
this Trust has been formed to carry on business as set forth more particularly hereinafter

WHEREAS,
this Trust is authorized to issue an unlimited number of its shares of beneficial interest all in accordance with the provisions hereinafter
set forth

WHEREAS,
the Trustees have agreed to manage all property coming into their hands as Trustees of a Delaware statutory trust in accordance with
the provisions hereinafter set forth

WHEREAS,
the parties hereto intend that the Trust shall constitute a statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute and that this
Declaration and the Bylaws shall constitute the governing instrument of such statutory trust

WHEREAS,
the parties hereto entered into that certain agreement and declaration of trust, dated as of August 10, 2022, (the Initial
Declaration)

WHEREAS,
the parties hereto entered into that certain Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust, dated as of July 11, 2023, which
amended and restated the Initial Declaration (the First Amended Declaration);and

WHEREAS,
this Declaration amends and restates the First Amended Declaration on its entirety.

NOW,
THEREFORE, the Trustees hereby declare that they will hold all cash, securities, and other assets which they may from time to time acquire
in any manner as Trustees hereunder IN TRUST to manage and dispose of the same upon the following terms and conditions for the benefit
of the holders from time to time of shares of beneficial interest in this Trust as hereinafter set forth.

Article
I

The Trust

Section
1.1 Name. This Trust shall be known as the BIP Ventures Evergreen BDC, and the Trustees shall conduct the business
of the Trust under that name or any other name or names as they may from time to time determine. Any name change shall become effective
upon the execution by a majority of the then Trustees of an instrument setting forth the new name and the filing of a certificate of
amendment pursuant to Section 3810(b) of the Delaware Statutory

1

Trust Statute (as defined below). Any such instrument shall not require
the approval of the Shareholders, but shall have the status of an amendment to this Declaration.

Section
1.2 Trust Purpose. The purpose of the Trust is to conduct, operate and carry on the business of a business development company
within the meaning of the 1940 Act (as defined below). In furtherance of the foregoing, it shall be the purpose of the Trust to do everything
necessary, suitable, convenient or proper for the conduct, promotion and attainment of any businesses and purposes which at any time
may be incidental or may appear conducive or expedient for the accomplishment of the business of a business development company regulated
under the 1940 Act and which may be engaged in or carried on by a trust organized under the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, and in
connection therewith the Trust shall have the power and authority to engage in the foregoing and may exercise all of the powers conferred
by the laws of the State of Delaware upon a Delaware statutory trust.

Section
1.3 Definitions. As used in this Declaration, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

The
1940 Act refers to the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and exemptions
granted therefrom, as amended from time to time.

The
terms Affiliated Person, Assignment, Commission, Interested
Person and Principal Underwriter shall have the meanings given them in the 1940 Act.

Adviser
shall mean BIP Capital, LLC (doing venture capital business as BIP Ventures) or an affiliated successor in interest thereto. If the Adviser
no longer serves as the investment adviser to the Trust, the rights of the Adviser in this Declaration will become the rights of the
Trustees.

Aggregate
Unrealized Capital Depreciation means the sum of the difference, if negative, between the valuation of each investment as
of an applicable calculation date as reasonably determined by the Adviser as valuation designee and the Original Cost of such investment.

Board
of Trustees shall mean the Trustees collectively.

Bylaws
shall mean the Bylaws of the Trust as amended from time to time by the Trustees.

Code
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

Commission
shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Continuing
Trustee shall mean any member of the Board of Trustees who either (a) has been a member of the Board of Trustees for a period
of at least thirty-six months (or since the date hereof, if less than thirty-six months) or (b) was nominated to serve as a member of
the Board of Trustees by a majority of the Continuing Trustees then members of the Board of Trustees.

2

Cumulative
Aggregate Realized Capital Gains means the sum of the amount by which the Net Sales Price of each investment that has been
sold or otherwise disposed of by the Trust, when so sold or disposed of, exceeds the Original Cost of such investment since the Trusts
inception; provided, however, that such calculation shall ignore any appreciation in the value of an investment prior to January 1, 2025.

Cumulative
Aggregate Realized Capital Losses means the sum of the amounts by which the Net Sales Price of each investment that has been
sold or otherwise disposed of by the Trust, when so sold or disposed of, is less than the Original Cost of such investment since the
Trusts inception; provided, however, that such calculation shall ignore any reduction or depreciation in the value of an investment
prior to January 1, 2025.

Cumulative
Realized Gain Amount means the Trusts Cumulative Aggregate Realized Capital Gains, less Cumulative Aggregate Realized
Capital Losses and Aggregate Unrealized Capital Depreciation. The Cumulative Realized Gain Amount and the calculations pertaining thereto,
as appropriate, will account for any period less than a full calendar year.

Declaration
shall mean this Agreement and Declaration of Trust, as amended, supplemented or amended and restated from time to time.

Delaware
General Corporation Law means the Delaware General Corporation Law, 8 Del. C. 100, et seq., as amended
from time to time.

Delaware
Statutory Trust Statute shall mean the provisions of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, 12 Del. C. 3801, et
seq., as such Act may be amended from time to time.

Delaware
Trustee shall mean CSC Delaware Trust Company (including any successor trustee appointed in accordance with Section 12.6 of
this Declaration).

Exchange
Listing shall mean the quotation or listing of the Trusts securities on a national securities exchange.

Majority
Shareholder Vote shall mean a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as such term is defined
in the 1940 Act) of the Trust with each class and series of Shares voting together as a single class, except to the extent otherwise
required by the 1940 Act or this Declaration with respect to any one or more classes or series of Shares, in which case the applicable
proportion of such classes or series of Shares voting as a separate class or series, as the case may be, also will be required.

Net
Sales Price means all cash received by the Trust related to an investment, including amounts recorded as interest income on
convertible notes or debt investments, since January 1, 2025.

Original
Cost means all cash that was deployed into an investment by the Trust, excluding any converted interest on convertible notes
or PIK on debt investments.

3

Person
shall mean and include individuals, corporations, partnerships, trusts, limited liability companies, associations, joint ventures and
other entities, whether or not legal entities, and governments and agencies and political subdivisions thereof.

Securities
Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Shareholders
shall mean as of any particular time the holders of record of outstanding Shares of the Trust, at such time.

Shares
shall mean the transferable units of beneficial interest into which the beneficial interest in the Trust shall be divided from time to
time and includes fractions of Shares as well as whole Shares. In addition, Shares also means any preferred shares or preferred units
of beneficial interest which may be issued from time to time, as described herein. All references to Shares shall be deemed to be Shares
of any or all series or classes as the context may require.

Trust
shall mean the trust governed by this Declaration and the Bylaws, as amended from time to time, inclusive of each such amendment.

Trust
Property shall mean as of any particular time any and all property, real or personal, tangible or intangible, which at such
time is owned or held by or for the account of the Trust or the Trustees in such capacity.

Trustees
shall mean the signatories to this Declaration (but for purposes of this Declaration shall not be deemed to include the Delaware Trustee),
so long as they shall continue in office in accordance with the terms hereof, and all other persons who at the time in question have
been duly elected or appointed and have qualified as trustees in accordance with the provisions hereof and are then in office.

Article
II

Board of Trustees

Section
2.1 Number and Qualification. The number of Trustees shall be determined by a written instrument signed by a majority of the
Trustees then in office. No reduction in the number of Trustees shall have the effect of removing any Trustee from office prior to the
expiration of his term. An individual nominated as a Trustee shall be at least 21 years of age and not older than 80 years of age at
the time of nomination and not under legal disability. Trustees need not own Shares and may succeed themselves in office.

Section
2.2 Term and Election. Prior to an Exchange Listing of any class of the Trusts Shares, if any, the term of office of
a Trustee shall continue until death, resignation or removal of a Trustee. Subject to the provisions of the 1940 Act, the Trustees at
any time may appoint individuals to fill vacancies on the Board of Trustees. Each Trustee elected shall hold office until his or her
successor shall have been duly elected and qualified.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, effective upon and following the occurrence of an Exchange Listing of any class of the Trusts Shares, if any: the
Board of Trustees shall be divided into three classes, designated Class I, Class II and Class III, as nearly equal in number as possible,

4

and the term of office of Trustees of one class shall expire at each annual meeting of Shareholders, and in all cases as to each Trustee
such term shall extend until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify or until his or earlier resignation, removal from
office, death or incapacity, except as may be provided in a resolution or resolutions of the Board of Trustees providing for any series
of preferred shares with respect to any Trustees elected (or to be elected) by the holders of such series and except as otherwise required
by applicable law. Trustees already in office shall be assigned to each class at the time such classification becomes effective, in accordance
with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Trustees. Class I Trustees shall initially serve for a term expiring at the
first annual meeting of shareholders following the time at which the initial classification of the Board of Trustees becomes effective,
Class II Trustees shall initially serve for a term expiring at the second annual meeting of shareholders following the time at which
the initial classification of the Board of Trustees becomes effective and Class III Trustees shall initially serve for a term expiring
at the third annual meeting of shareholders following the time at which the initial classification of the Board of Trustees becomes effective.
At each annual meeting of shareholders commencing with the first annual meeting of shareholders following the time at which the initial
classification of the Board of Trustees becomes effective, the Trustees of the class to be elected at each annual meeting of shareholders
shall be elected for a three-year term. If the total number of such Trustees is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned
among the classes so as to maintain the number of Trustees in each class as nearly equal as possible, and any such additional Trustees
of any class elected to fill a newly created Trusteeship resulting from an increase in such class shall hold office for a term that shall
coincide with the remaining term of that class, but in no case shall a decrease in the total number of Trustees remove or shorten the
term of any incumbent Trustee.

Section
2.3 Resignation and Removal. Any of the Trustees may resign (without need for prior or subsequent accounting) by an instrument
in writing signed by such Trustee and delivered or mailed to any officer of the Trust or to a meeting of the Board, and such resignation
shall be effective upon such delivery, or at a later date according to the terms of the instrument. Any of the Trustees may be removed
(provided the aggregate number of Trustees after such removal shall not be less than the minimum number required by Section 2.1 hereof)
for cause only, and not without cause, and only by action taken by a majority of the remaining Trustees (or in the case of the removal
of a Trustee that is not an interested person as defined in the 1940 Act a majority of the remaining Trustees that are
not interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act). Shareholders shall have the power to remove a Trustee only to the extent
provided by the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Upon the resignation or removal of a Trustee, each such resigning
or removed Trustee shall execute and deliver such documents as the remaining Trustees shall require for the purpose of conveying to the
Trust or the remaining Trustees any Trust Property held in the name of such resigning or removed Trustee. Upon the incapacity or death
of any Trustee, such Trustees legal representative shall execute and deliver on such Trustees behalf such documents as
the remaining Trustees shall require as provided in the preceding sentence. Except to the extent expressly provided in a written agreement
with the Trust, no Trustee resigning and no Trustee removed shall have any right to any compensation for any period following the effective
date of his resignation or removal, or any right to damages on account of a removal.

Section
2.4 Vacancies. Whenever a vacancy in the Board of Trustees shall occur, the remaining Trustees may fill such vacancy by appointing
an individual having the qualifications

5

described in this Article by a written instrument signed by a majority of the Trustees then in
office or may leave such vacancy unfilled or may reduce the number of Trustees provided the aggregate number of Trustees after
such reduction shall not be less than the minimum number required by Section 2.1 hereof provided, further, that if the Shareholders
of any class or series of Shares are entitled separately to elect one or more Trustees, a majority of the remaining Trustees or the sole
remaining Trustee elected by that class or series may fill any vacancy among the number of Trustees elected by that class or series.
Any vacancy created by an increase in Trustees may be filled by the appointment of an individual having the qualifications described
in this Article made by a written instrument signed by a majority of the Trustees then in office. No vacancy shall operate to annul this
Declaration or to revoke any existing agency created pursuant to the terms of this Declaration. The Shareholders may elect Trustees,
including filling any vacancies in the Board, at any meeting of Shareholders called by the Board for that purpose. A meeting of Shareholders
for the purpose of electing one or more Trustees may be called by the Board or, to the extent provided by the 1940 Act and the rules
and regulations thereunder, by the Shareholders. Whenever a vacancy in the number of Trustees shall occur, until such vacancy is filled
as provided herein, the Trustees in office, regardless of their number, shall have all the powers granted to the Trustees and shall discharge
all the duties imposed upon the Trustees by this Declaration.

Section
2.5 Meetings. Meetings of the Trustees shall be held from time to time upon the call of the Chairman, if any, or the President
or any two Trustees. Regular meetings of the Trustees may be held without call or notice at a time and place fixed by the Bylaws, the
Chairman or by resolution or consent of the Trustees. Notice of any other meeting shall be given by the Secretary and shall be delivered
to the Trustees orally or via electronic transmission not less than 24 hours, or in writing not less than 72 hours, before the meeting,
but may be waived in writing by any Trustee either before or after such meeting. The attendance of a Trustee at a meeting shall constitute
a waiver of notice of such meeting except where a Trustee attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of
any business on the ground that the meeting has not been properly called or convened. Any time there is more than one Trustee, a quorum
for all meetings of the Trustees shall be one-third, but not less than two, of the Trustees. Unless provided otherwise in this Declaration
and except as required under the 1940 Act, any action of the Trustees may be taken at a meeting by vote of a majority of the Trustees
present (a quorum being present) or without a meeting by written consent of a majority of the Trustees.

Any
committee of the Trustees, including an executive committee, if any, may act with or without a meeting. A quorum for all meetings of
any such committee shall be one-third, but not less than two, of the members thereof. Unless provided otherwise in this Declaration,
any action of any such committee may be taken at a meeting by vote of a majority of the members present (a quorum being present) or without
a meeting by written consent as provided in Section 2.6.

With
respect to actions of the Trustees and any committee of the Trustees, Trustees who are Interested Persons in any action to be taken may
be counted for quorum purposes under this Section and shall be entitled to vote to the extent not prohibited by the 1940 Act.

All
or any one or more Trustees may participate in a meeting of the Trustees or any committee thereof by means of a conference telephone
or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other participation
in a

6

meeting pursuant to any such communications system shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

Section
2.6 Trustee Action by Written Consent. Any action which may be taken by Trustees by vote may be taken without a meeting if that
number of the Trustees, or members of a committee, as the case may be, required for approval of such action at a meeting of the Trustees
or of such committee consent to the action in writing and the written consents are filed with the records of the meetings of Trustees.
Such consent shall be treated for all purposes as a vote taken at a meeting of Trustees.

Section
2.7 Officers. The Trustees may elect a Chief Executive Officer, a Secretary and a Chief Financial Officer and may elect a Chairman
who shall serve at the pleasure of the Trustees or until their successors are elected. The Trustees may elect or appoint or may authorize
the Chairman, if any, or Chief Executive Officer to appoint such other officers or agents with such powers as the Trustees may deem to
be advisable. A Chairman shall, and the Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Chief Financial Officer may, but need not, be a Trustee.
All officers shall owe to the Trust and its Shareholders the same fiduciary duties (and only such fiduciary duties) as owed by officers
of corporations to such corporations and their stockholders under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

Section
2.8 Principal Transactions. Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, the Trustees may, on behalf of the Trust, buy any
securities from or sell any securities to, or lend any assets of the Trust to, any Trustee or officer of the Trust or any firm of which
any such Trustee or officer is a member acting as principal, or have any such dealings with any Affiliated Person of the Trust, investment
adviser, investment sub- adviser, distributor or transfer agent for the Trust or with any Interested Person of such Affiliated Person
or other person and the Trust may employ any such Affiliated Person or other person, or firm or company in which such Affiliated
Person or other person is an Interested Person, as broker, legal counsel, registrar, investment advisor, investment sub-advisor, distributor,
transfer agent, dividend disbursing agent, custodian or in any other capacity upon customary terms.

Article
III

Powers and Duties of Trustees

Section
3.1 General. The Trustees shall owe to the Trust and its Shareholders the same fiduciary duties (and only such fiduciary duties)
as owed by directors of corporations to such corporations and their stockholders under the Delaware General Corporation Law. The Trustees
may perform such acts as in their sole discretion are proper for conducting the business of the Trust. The enumeration of any specific
power herein shall not be construed as limiting the aforesaid power. Such powers of the Trustees may be exercised without order of or
resort to any court.

Section
3.2 Investments. Unless otherwise determined by the Board of Trustees, the investment objective of the Trust will be to maximize
capital appreciation primarily by investing in a portfolio consisting of common and preferred equity investments in target U.S.-based
portfolio companies, which are qualifying as eligible portfolio companies under the 1940 Act. The

7

Trustees shall have power
with respect to the Trust to manage, conduct, operate and carry on the business of a business development company.

Section
3.3 Legal Title. Legal title to all the Trust Property shall be vested in the Trust as a separate legal entity except that
the Trustees shall have power to cause legal title to any Trust Property to be held by or in the name of one or more of the Trustees,
or in the name of any other Person as nominee, custodian or pledgee, on such terms as the Trustees may determine, provided that the interest
of the Trust therein is appropriately protected.

To
the extent any Trust Property is titled in the name of one or more Trustees, the right, title and interest of such Trustees in the Trust
Property shall vest automatically in each person who may hereafter become a Trustee upon his due election and qualification. Upon the
ceasing of any person to be a Trustee for any reason, such person shall automatically cease to have any right, title or interest in any
of the Trust Property, and the right, title and interest of such Trustee in the Trust Property shall vest automatically in the remaining
Trustees. Such vesting and cessation of title shall be effective whether or not conveyancing documents have been executed and delivered.

Section
3.4 Issuance and Repurchase of Shares. The Trustees shall have the power to issue, sell, repurchase, redeem, retire, cancel,
acquire, hold, resell, reissue, dispose of, transfer, and otherwise deal in, Shares, including Shares in fractional denominations, and,
subject to the more detailed provisions set forth in Article VIII, to apply to any such repurchase, redemption, retirement, cancellation
or acquisition of Shares any funds or property. The Trustees may establish, from time to time, a program or programs by which the Trust
voluntarily repurchases Shares from the Shareholders provided, however, that such repurchases do not impair the capital or operations
of the Trust.

Section
3.5 Borrow Money or Utilize Leverage. The Trustees shall have the power to cause the Trust to borrow money or otherwise obtain
credit or utilize leverage to the maximum extent permitted by law or regulation as such may be needed from time to time and to secure
the same by mortgaging, pledging or otherwise subjecting as security the assets of the Trust, including the lending of portfolio securities,
and to endorse, guarantee, or undertake the performance of any obligation, contract or engagement of any other person, firm, association
or corporation. In addition and notwithstanding any other provision of this Declaration, the Trust is hereby authorized to borrow funds,
incur indebtedness and guarantee obligations of any Person, and in connection therewith, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the
Trustees, on behalf of the Trust, are hereby authorized to pledge, hypothecate, mortgage, assign, transfer or grant security interests
in or other liens on (i) the Shareholders subscription agreements, and the Shareholders obligations to make capital contributions
thereunder, subject to the terms hereof and thereof, and (ii) any other assets, rights or remedies of the Trust or of the Trustees hereunder
or under the subscription agreements, including without limitation, the right to issue capital call notices and to exercise remedies
upon a default by a Shareholder in the payment of its capital contributions and the right to receive capital contributions and other
payments, subject to the terms hereof and thereof. Notwithstanding any provision in this Declaration, (i) the Trust may borrow funds,
incur indebtedness and enter into guarantees together with one or more Persons on a joint and several basis or on any other basis that
the Board of Trustees, in its sole discretion, determines is fair and reasonable to the Trust, and (ii) in connection with any borrowing,
indebtedness or guarantee by the Trust, all capital contributions shall be payable to the account of the Trust designated by the

8

Board
of Trustees, which may be pledged to any lender or other credit party of the Trust. All rights granted to a lender pursuant to this Section
3.5 shall apply to its agents and its successors and permitted assigns.

Section
3.6 Delegation Committees. The Trustees shall have the power to delegate from time to time to such of their number or
to officers, employees or agents of the Trust the doing of such things, including any matters set forth in this Declaration, and the
execution of such instruments either in the name of the Trust or the names of the Trustees or otherwise as the Trustees may deem expedient.
The Trustees may designate one or more committees which shall have all or such lesser portion of the authority of the entire Board of
Trustees as the Trustees shall determine from time to time except to the extent action by the entire Board of Trustees or particular
Trustees is required by the 1940 Act.

Section
3.7 Collection and Payment. The Trustees shall have power to collect all property due to the Trust to pay all claims,
including taxes, against the Trust Property or the Trust, the Trustees or any officer, employee or agent of the Trust to prosecute,
defend, compromise or abandon any claims relating to the Trust Property or the Trust, or the Trustees or any officer, employee or agent
of the Trust to foreclose any security interest securing any obligations, by virtue of which any property is owed to the Trust
and to enter into releases, agreements and other instruments.

Section
3.8 Bylaws. The Trustees shall have the exclusive authority to adopt and from time to time amend or repeal Bylaws for the conduct
of the business of the Trust.

Section
3.9 Miscellaneous Powers. Without limiting the general or further powers of the Trustees, they shall have the power to: (a)
employ or contract with such Persons as the Trustees may deem desirable for the transaction of the business of the Trust (b) enter
into joint ventures, partnerships and any other combinations or associations (c) purchase, and pay for out of Trust Property, insurance
policies insuring the Shareholders, Trustees, officers, employees, agents, investment advisors, distributors, selected dealers or independent
contractors of the Trust against all claims arising by reason of holding any such position or by reason of any action taken or omitted
by any such Person in such capacity, whether or not constituting negligence, or whether or not the Trust would have the power to indemnify
such Person against such liability (d) establish pension, profit-sharing, share purchase, and other retirement, incentive and benefit
plans for any Trustees, officers, employees and agents of the Trust (e) make donations, irrespective of benefit to the Trust, for
charitable, religious, educational, scientific, civic or similar purposes (f) to the extent permitted by law, indemnify any Person
with whom the Trust has dealings, including without limitation any advisor, administrator, manager, transfer agent, custodian, distributor
or selected dealer, or any other person as the Trustees may see fit to such extent as the Trustees shall determine (g) guarantee
indebtedness or contractual obligations of others and (h) determine and change the fiscal year of the Trust and the method in which
its accounts shall be kept.

Section
3.10 Further Powers. The Trustees shall have the power to conduct the business of the Trust and carry on its operations in
any and all of its branches and maintain offices both within and without the State of Delaware, in any and all states of the United States
of America, in the District of Columbia, and in any and all commonwealths, territories, dependencies, colonies, possessions, agencies
or instrumentalities of the United States of America and of foreign

9

governments, and to do all such other things and execute all such
instruments as they deem necessary, proper or desirable in order to promote the interests of the Trust although such things are not herein
specifically mentioned. Any determination as to what is in the interests of the Trust made by the Trustees in good faith shall be conclusive.
In construing the provisions of this Declaration, the presumption shall be in favor of a grant of power to the Trustees.

Section
3.11 Sole Discretion Good Faith Corporate Opportunities of Adviser.

(a) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Declaration or otherwise applicable law, whenever in this Declaration the Trustees are permitted or required
to make a decision:

(i) in
their discretion or under a grant of similar authority, the Trustees shall be entitled to consider such interests and factors
as they desire, including their own interest, and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall have no duty or obligation
to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting the Trust or any other Person or

(ii) in
their good faith or under another express standard, the Trustees shall act under such express standard and shall not be
subject to any other or different standard.

(b) Unless
expressly provided otherwise herein or in the Trusts private placement memorandum or other offering document (as may be amended
from time to time), the Adviser and any Affiliated Person of the Adviser may engage in or possess an interest in other profit-seeking
or business ventures of any nature or description, independently or with others, whether or not such ventures are competitive with the
Trust and the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine. To the extent that the Adviser acquires knowledge of a potential
transaction, agreement, arrangement or other matter that may be an opportunity for the Trust, it shall not have any duty to communicate
or offer such opportunity to the Trust, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended,
and any applicable co- investment order issued by the Commission, and the Adviser shall not be liable to the Trust or to the Shareholders
for breach of any fiduciary or other duty by reason of the fact that the Adviser pursues or acquires for, or directs such opportunity
to, another Person or does not communicate such opportunity or information to the Trust. Neither the Trust nor any Shareholder shall
have any rights or obligations by virtue of this Declaration or the trust relationship created hereby in or to such independent ventures
or the income or profits or losses derived therefrom, and the pursuit of such ventures, even if competitive with the activities of the
Trust, shall not be deemed wrongful or improper.

10

Article
IV

Fees and Expenses Advisory, Management and Distribution Arrangements

Section
4.1 Expenses.

(a) The
Trustees shall have power to incur and pay out of the assets or income of the Trust any expenses which in the opinion of the Trustees
are necessary or incidental to carry out any of the purposes of this Declaration, and the business of the Trust, and to pay reasonable
compensation from the funds of the Trust to themselves as Trustees. The Trustees shall fix the compensation of all officers, employees
and Trustees. The Trustees may pay themselves such compensation for special services, including legal, underwriting, syndicating and
brokerage services, as they in good faith may deem reasonable and reimbursement for expenses reasonably incurred by themselves on behalf
of the Trust.

(b) The
Trust shall bear and be responsible for all costs and expenses of the Trusts operations, administration and transactions, including,
but not limited to fees and expenses paid for investment advisory, administrative or other services and all other expenses of its operations
and transactions.

Section
4.2 Advisory and Management Arrangements. Subject to the requirements of applicable law as in effect from time to time, the
Trustees may in their discretion from time to time enter into advisory, administration or management contracts (including, in each case,
one or more sub-advisory, sub-administration or sub-management contracts) whereby the other party to any such contract shall undertake
to furnish such advisory, administrative and management services with respect to the Trust as the Trustees shall from time to time consider
desirable and all upon such terms and conditions as the Trustees may in their discretion determine. Notwithstanding any provisions of
this Declaration, the Trustees may authorize any advisor, administrator or manager (subject to such general or specific instructions
as the Trustees may from time to time adopt) to exercise any of the powers of the Trustees, including to effect investment transactions
with respect to the assets on behalf of the Trust to the full extent of the power of the Trustees to effect such transactions or may
authorize any officer, employee or Trustee to effect such transactions pursuant to recommendations of any such advisor, administrator
or manager (and all without further action by the Trustees) Any such investment transaction shall be deemed to have been authorized by
all of the Trustees.

Section
4.3 Distribution Arrangements. Subject to compliance with the 1940 Act, the Trustees may retain underwriters, distributors
and/or placement agents to sell Shares and other securities of the Trust. The Trustees may in their discretion from time to time enter
into one or more contracts, providing for the sale of securities of the Trust, whereby the Trust may either agree to sell such securities
to the other party to the contract or appoint such other party its sales agent for such securities. In either case, the contract shall
be on such terms and conditions as the Trustees may in their discretion determine not inconsistent with the provisions of this Article
IV or the Bylaws and such contract may also provide for the repurchase or sale of securities of the Trust by such other party as
principal or as agent of the Trust and may provide that such other party may enter into selected dealer agreements and servicing and
similar agreements to further the purposes of the distribution or repurchase of the securities of the Trust.

Section
4.4 Parties to Contract. Any contract of the character described in Sections 4.2 and 4.3 of this Article IV or in Article VII
hereof may be entered into with any Person, although one or more of the Trustees, officers or employees of the Trust may be an officer,
director, trustee, shareholder, or member of such other party to the contract, and no such contract shall be invalidated or rendered
voidable by reason of the existence of any such relationship, nor shall any

11

Person holding such relationship be liable merely by reason
of such relationship for any loss or expense to the Trust under or by reason of said contract or accountable for any profit realized
directly or indirectly therefrom, provided that the contract when entered into was reasonable and fair and not inconsistent with the
provisions of this Article IV or the Bylaws. The same Person may be the other party to contracts entered into pursuant to Sections 4.2
and 4.3 above or Article VII, and any individual may be financially interested or otherwise affiliated with Persons who are parties to
any or all of the contracts mentioned in this Section 4.4.

Article
V

Limitations of Liability and Indemnification

Section
5.1 No Personal Liability of Shareholders, Trustees, etc. No Shareholder of the Trust shall be subject in such capacity to
any personal liability whatsoever to any Person in connection with Trust Property or the acts, obligations or affairs of the Trust. Shareholders
shall have the same limitation of personal liability as is extended to stockholders of a private corporation for profit incorporated
under the Delaware General Corporation Law. No Trustee or officer of the Trust shall be subject in such capacity to any personal liability
whatsoever to any Person, save only liability to the Trust or its Shareholders arising from bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence
or reckless disregard for his duty to such Person and, subject to the foregoing exception, all such Persons shall look solely to
the Trust Property for satisfaction of claims of any nature arising in connection with the affairs of the Trust. If any Shareholder,
Trustee or officer, as such, of the Trust, is made a party to any suit or proceeding to enforce any such liability, subject to the foregoing
exception, he shall, on account thereof, be held harmless with respect to any personal liability. Any repeal or modification of this
Section 5.1 shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a Trustee or officer of the Trust existing at the time of such repeal
or modification with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification.

Section
5.2 Mandatory Indemnification.

(a) The
Trust hereby agrees to indemnify each person who at any time serves as a Trustee, officer or employee of the Trust (each such person
being an indemnitee) against any liabilities and expenses, including amounts paid in satisfaction of judgments, in compromise
or as fines and penalties, and reasonable counsel fees reasonably incurred by such indemnitee in connection with the defense or disposition
of any action, suit or other proceeding, whether civil or criminal, before any court or administrative or investigative body in which
he may be or may have been involved as a party or otherwise or with which he may be or may have been threatened, while acting in any
capacity set forth in this Article V by reason of his having acted in any such capacity, except with respect to any matter as to which
he shall not have acted in good faith in the reasonable belief that his action was in the best interest of the Trust or, in the case
of any criminal proceeding, as to which he shall have had reasonable cause to believe that the conduct was unlawful, provided, however,
that no indemnitee shall be indemnified hereunder against any liability to any person or any expense of such indemnitee arising by reason
of (i) willful misconduct, (ii) bad faith, (iii) gross negligence, or (iv) reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of
his position (the conduct referred to in such clauses (i) through (iv) being sometimes referred to herein as disabling conduct).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with

12

respect to any action, suit or other proceeding voluntarily prosecuted by any indemnitee as plaintiff,
indemnification shall be mandatory only if the prosecution of such action, suit or other proceeding by such indemnitee (1) was authorized
by a majority of the Trustees or (2) was instituted by the indemnitee to enforce his or her rights to indemnification hereunder in a
case in which the indemnitee is found to be entitled to such indemnification. The rights to indemnification set forth in this Declaration
shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a Trustee or officer of the Trust and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs,
executors and personal and legal representatives. No amendment or restatement of this Declaration or repeal of any of its provisions
shall limit or eliminate any of the benefits provided to any person who at any time is or was a Trustee or officer of the Trust or otherwise
entitled to indemnification hereunder in respect of any act or omission that occurred prior to such amendment, restatement or repeal.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no indemnification shall be made hereunder unless there has been a determination (i) by a final decision on the merits
by a court or other body of competent jurisdiction before whom the issue of entitlement to indemnification hereunder was brought that
such indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder or, (ii) in the absence of such a decision, by (1) a majority vote of a quorum
of those Trustees who are neither Interested Persons of the Trust (as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) nor parties to the
proceeding (Disinterested Non-Party Trustees), that the indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder, or
(2) if such quorum is not obtainable or even if obtainable, if such majority so directs, independent legal counsel in a written opinion
concludes that the indemnitee should be entitled to indemnification hereunder. All determinations to make advance payments in connection
with the expense of defending any proceeding shall be authorized and made in accordance with the immediately succeeding paragraph (c)
below.

(c) The
Trust shall make advance payments in connection with the expenses of defending any action with respect to which indemnification might
be sought hereunder if the Trust receives a written affirmation by the indemnitee of the indemnitees good faith belief that the
standards of conduct necessary for indemnification have been met and a written undertaking to reimburse the Trust unless it is subsequently
determined that the indemnitee is entitled to such indemnification and if a majority of the Trustees determine that the applicable standards
of conduct necessary for indemnification appear to have been met. In addition, at least one of the following conditions must be met:
(i) the indemnitee shall provide adequate security for his undertaking, (ii) the Trust shall be insured against losses arising by reason
of any lawful advances, or (iii) a majority of a quorum of the Disinterested Non-Party Trustees, or if a majority vote of such quorum
so direct, independent legal counsel in a written opinion, shall conclude, based on a review of readily available facts (as opposed to
a full trial-type inquiry), that there is substantial reason to believe that the indemnitee ultimately will be found entitled to indemnification.

(d) The
rights accruing to any indemnitee under these provisions shall not exclude any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire
under this Declaration, the Bylaws of the Trust, any statute, agreement, vote of Shareholders or Trustees who are not Interested Persons
or any other right to which he or she may be lawfully entitled.

13

(e) Subject
to any limitations provided by the 1940 Act and this Declaration, the Trust shall have the power and authority to indemnify and provide
for the advance payment of expenses to employees, agents and other Persons providing services to the Trust or serving in any capacity
at the request of the Trust or provide for the advance payment of expenses for such Persons, provided that such indemnification has been
approved by a majority of the Trustees.

Section
5.3 No Bond Required of Trustees. No Trustee shall, as such, be obligated to give any bond or other security for the performance
of any of his duties hereunder.

Section
5.4 No Duty of Investigation No Notice in Trust Instruments, etc. No purchaser, lender, transfer agent or other person
dealing with the Trustees or with any officer, employee or agent of the Trust shall be bound to make any inquiry concerning the validity
of any transaction purporting to be made by the Trustees or by said officer, employee or agent or be liable for the application of money
or property paid, loaned, or delivered to or on the order of the Trustees or of said officer, employee or agent. Every obligation, contract,
undertaking, instrument, certificate, Share, other security of the Trust, and every other act or thing whatsoever executed in connection
with the Trust shall be conclusively taken to have been executed or done by the executors thereof only in their capacity as Trustees
under this Declaration or in their capacity as officers, employees or agents of the Trust. The Trustees may maintain insurance for the
protection of the Trust Property, the Shareholders, Trustees, officers, employees and agents in such amount as the Trustees shall deem
adequate to cover possible tort liability, and such other insurance as the Trustees in their sole judgment shall deem advisable or is
required by the 1940 Act.

Section
5.5 Reliance on Experts, etc. Each Trustee and officer or employee of the Trust shall, in the performance of its duties, be
fully and completely justified and protected with regard to any act or any failure to act resulting from reliance in good faith upon
the books of account or other records of the Trust, upon an opinion of counsel, or upon reports made to the Trust by any of the Trusts
officers or employees or by any advisor, administrator, manager, distributor, selected dealer, accountant, appraiser or other expert
or consultant selected with reasonable care by the Trustees, officers or employees of the Trust, regardless of whether such counsel or
expert may also be a Trustee.

Article
VI

Shares of Beneficial Interest

Section
6.1 Beneficial Interest. The beneficial interest in the Trust shall be divided into an unlimited number of shares of beneficial
interest, par value $0.01 per share. Such Shares of beneficial interest may be issued in different classes and/or series of beneficial
interests. All Shares issued in accordance with the terms hereof, including, without limitation, Shares issued in connection with a dividend
in Shares or a split of Shares, shall be fully paid and nonassessable when the consideration determined by the Trustees (if any) therefor
shall have been received by the Trust.

Section
6.2 Other Securities. The Trustees may, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, authorize and issue such other securities
of the Trust as they determine to be necessary,

14

desirable or appropriate, having such terms, rights, preferences, privileges, limitations
and restrictions as the Trustees see fit, including preferred interests, debt securities or other senior securities. To the extent that
the Trustees authorize and issue preferred shares of any class or series, they are hereby authorized and empowered to amend or supplement
this Declaration as they deem necessary or appropriate, including to comply with the requirements of the 1940 Act or requirements imposed
by the rating agencies or other Persons, all without the approval of Shareholders. Any such supplement or amendment shall be filed as
is necessary. In addition, any such supplement or amendment may set forth the rights, powers, preferences and privileges of such preferred
shares and any such supplement or amendment shall operate either as additions to or modifications of the rights, powers, preferences
and privileges of any such preferred shares under this Declaration. To the extent the provisions set forth in such supplement or amendment
conflict with the provisions of this Declaration with respect to any such rights, powers and privileges of the preferred shares, such
amendment or supplement shall control. Except as contemplated by the immediately preceding sentence, this Declaration shall control as
to the Trust generally and the rights, powers, preferences and privileges of the other Shareholders of the Trust. The Trustees are also
authorized to take such actions and retain such persons as they see fit to offer and sell such securities.

Section
6.3 Rights of Shareholders. The Shares shall be personal property giving only the rights in this Declaration specifically set
forth. The ownership of the Trust Property of every description and the right to conduct any business herein before described are vested
exclusively in the Trust, and the Shareholders shall have no interest therein other than the beneficial interest conferred by their Shares,
and they shall have no right to call for any partition or division of any property, profits, rights or interests of the Trust nor can
they be called upon to share or assume any losses of the Trust or suffer an assessment of any kind by virtue of their ownership of Shares.
The Shares shall not entitle the holder to preference, preemptive, appraisal, conversion or exchange rights (except as specified by the
Trustees when creating the Shares, as in preferred shares).

Section
6.4 Trust Only. It is the intention of the Trustees to create only the relationship of Trustee and beneficiary between the
Trustees and each Shareholder from time to time. It is not the intention of the Trustees to create a general partnership, limited partnership,
joint stock association, corporation, bailment or any form of legal relationship other than a Delaware statutory trust. Nothing in this
Declaration shall be construed to make the Shareholders, either by themselves or with the Trustees, partners or members of a joint stock
association.

Section
6.5 Issuance of Shares. The Trustees, in their discretion, may from time to time without vote of the Shareholders issue Shares
including preferred shares that may have been established pursuant to Section 6.2, in addition to the then issued and outstanding Shares
and Shares held in the treasury, to such party or parties and for such amount and type of consideration, including cash or property,
at such time or times, and on such terms as the Trustees may determine, and may in such manner acquire other assets (including the acquisition
of assets subject to, and in connection with the assumption of, liabilities) and businesses. The Trustees may from time to time, without
a vote of the Shareholders, divide, reclassify or combine the Shares into a greater or lesser number without thereby changing the proportionate
beneficial interest in such Shares. Issuances and redemptions of Shares may be made in whole Shares and/or 1/1,000ths of a Share or multiples
thereof as the Trustees may determine.

15

Section
6.6 Register of Shares. A register shall be kept at the offices of the Trust or any transfer agent duly appointed by the Trustees
under the direction of the Trustees which shall contain the names and addresses of the Shareholders and the number of Shares held by
them respectively and a record of all transfers thereof. Separate registers shall be established and maintained for each class or series
of Shares. Each such register shall be conclusive as to who are the holders of the Shares of the applicable class or series of Shares
and who shall be entitled to receive dividends or distributions or otherwise to exercise or enjoy the rights of Shareholders. No Shareholder
shall be entitled to receive payment of any dividend or distribution, nor to have notice given to him as herein provided, until he has
given his address to a transfer agent or such other officer or agent of the Trustees as shall keep the register for entry thereon. It
is not contemplated that certificates will be issued for the Shares however, the Trustees, in their discretion, may authorize the
issuance of share certificates and promulgate appropriate fees therefore and rules and regulations as to their use.

Section
6.7 Transfer Agent and Registrar. The Trustees shall have power to employ a transfer agent or transfer agents, and a registrar
or registrars, with respect to the Shares. The transfer agent or transfer agents may keep the applicable register and record therein,
the original issues and transfers, if any, of the said Shares. Any such transfer agents and/or registrars shall perform the duties usually
performed by transfer agents and registrars of certificates of stock in a corporation, as modified by the Trustees.

Section
6.8 Transfer of Shares. (A) Except as otherwise provided by the Trustees, Shares shall be transferable on the records of the
Trust only by the record holder thereof or by its agent thereto duly authorized in writing, upon delivery to the Trustees or a transfer
agent of the Trust of a duly executed instrument of transfer, together with such evidence of the genuineness of each such execution and
authorization and of other matters (including compliance with any securities laws and contractual restrictions) as may reasonably be
required. Upon such delivery the transfer shall be recorded on the applicable register of the Trust. Until such record is made, the Shareholder
of record shall be deemed to be the holder of such Shares for all purposes hereof and neither the Trustees nor any transfer agent or
registrar nor any officer, employee or agent of the Trust shall be affected by any notice of the proposed transfer.

Any
person becoming entitled to any Shares in consequence of the death, bankruptcy, or incompetence of any Shareholder, or otherwise by operation
of law, shall be recorded on the applicable register of Shares as the holder of such Shares upon production of the proper evidence thereof
to the Trustees or a transfer agent of the Trust, but until such record is made, the Shareholder of record shall be deemed to be the
holder of such for all purposes hereof, and neither the Trustees nor any transfer agent or registrar nor any officer or agent of the
Trust shall be affected by any notice of such death, bankruptcy or incompetence, or other operation of law.

(B) A
Shareholder may not sell, assign or transfer all or a portion of its Shares without the prior written consent of the Adviser, which consent
may be withheld in the Advisers sole and absolute discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Shareholder will be allowed, without
the Advisers consent, to transfer all or a portion of such Shareholders Shares to a member of that Shareholders
immediate family or to a trust or other entity created or controlled by that Shareholder or members of that Shareholders immediate
family provided, however, that in no

16

event may any sale, assignment or transfer be made if it would cause certain adverse consequences
at Advisers discretion.

Section
6.9 Notices. Any and all notices to which any Shareholder hereunder may be entitled and any and all communications shall be
deemed duly served or given if mailed, postage prepaid, addressed to any Shareholder of record at his last known address as recorded
on the applicable register of the Trust.

Section
6.10 Derivative Actions.

(a) No
person, other than a Trustee, who is not a Shareholder shall be entitled to bring any derivative action, suit or other proceeding on
behalf of the Trust. No Shareholder may maintain a derivative action on behalf of the Trust unless holders of at least ten percent (10%)
of the outstanding Shares join in the bringing of such action.

(b) In
addition to the requirements set forth in Section 3816 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, a Shareholder may bring a derivative
action on behalf of the Trust only if the following conditions are met: (i) the Shareholder or Shareholders must make a pre-suit demand
upon the Trustees to bring the subject action unless an effort to cause the Trustees to bring such an action is not likely to succeed
and a demand on the Trustees shall only be deemed not likely to succeed and therefore excused if a majority of the Trustees, or a majority
of any committee established to consider the merits of such action, is composed of Trustees who are not independent trustees
(as that term is defined in the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute) and (ii) unless a demand is not required under clause (i) of
this paragraph, the Trustees must be afforded a reasonable amount of time to consider such Shareholder request and to investigate the
basis of such claim and the Trustees shall be entitled to retain counsel or other advisors in considering the merits of the request
and may require an undertaking by the Shareholders making such request to reimburse the Trust for the expense of any such advisors in
the event that the Trustees determine not to bring such action. For purposes of this Section 6.10, the Trustees may designate a committee
of one or more Trustees to consider a Shareholder demand.

(c) This
Section 6.10 shall not apply to any claims brought under federal securities law, or the rules and regulations thereunder.

Article
VII

Custodians

Section
7.1 Appointment and Duties. The Trustees may employ a custodian or custodians meeting the qualifications for custodians for
portfolio securities of investment companies contained in the 1940 Act, as custodian with respect to the assets of the Trust. Any custodian
shall have authority as agent of the Trust as determined by the custodian agreement or agreements, but subject to such restrictions,
limitations and other requirements, if any, as may be contained in the Bylaws of the Trust and the 1940 Act, including without limitation
authority:

(i) to
hold the securities owned by the Trust and deliver the same upon written order

17

(ii) to
receive any receipt for any moneys due to the Trust and deposit the same in its own banking department (if a bank) or elsewhere as the
Trustees may direct

(iii) to
disburse such funds upon orders or vouchers

(iv) if
authorized by the Trustees, to keep the books and accounts of the Trust and furnish clerical and accounting services and

(v) if
authorized to do so by the Trustees, to compute the net income or net asset value of the Trust all upon such basis of compensation
as may be agreed upon between the Trustees and the custodian.

The
Trustees may also authorize each custodian to employ one or more sub-custodians from time to time to perform such of the acts and services
of the custodian and upon such terms and conditions, as may be agreed upon between the custodian and such sub-custodian and approved
by the Trustees, provided that in every case such sub-custodian shall meet the qualifications for custodians contained in the 1940 Act.

Section
7.2 Central Certificate System. Subject to such rules, regulations and orders as the Commission may adopt, the Trustees may
direct the custodian to deposit all or any part of the securities owned by the Trust in a system for the central handling of securities
established by a national securities exchange or a national securities association registered with the Commission under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or such other Person as may be permitted by the Commission, or otherwise in accordance with the 1940
Act, pursuant to which system all securities of any particular class of any issuer deposited within the system are treated as fungible
and may be transferred or pledged by bookkeeping entry without physical delivery of such securities, provided that all such deposits
shall be subject to withdrawal only upon the order of the Trust.

Article
VIII

Redemption

Section
8.1 Redemptions. Holders of Shares of the Trust shall not be entitled to require the Trust to repurchase or redeem Shares of
the Trust.

Section
8.2 Disclosure of Holding. The holders of Shares or other securities of the Trust shall upon demand disclose to the Trustees
in writing such information with respect to direct and indirect ownership of Shares or other securities of the Trust as the Trustees
deem necessary to comply with the provisions of the Code, the 1940 Act or other applicable laws or regulations, or to comply with the
requirements of any other taxing or regulatory authority.

Section
8.3 Redemption by Trust. Each Share is subject to redemption (out of the assets of the Trust) by the Trust at the redemption
price equal to the then current net asset value per Share of the Trust determined in accordance with Section 9.1 at any time if the Trustees
determine in their sole discretion that a Shareholder has breached any of its representations or warranties contained in such Shareholders
subscription agreement with the Trust, and upon such redemption

18

the holders of the Shares so redeemed shall have no further right with
respect thereto other than to receive payment of such redemption price.

Article
IX

Net Asset Value and Distributions

Section
9.1 Net Asset Value. The net asset value of each outstanding Share of the Trust shall be determined at such time or times on
such days as the Trustees may determine, in accordance with the 1940 Act. The method of determination of net asset value shall be determined
by the Trustees. The power and duty to make the net asset value calculations may be delegated by the Trustees.

Section
9.2 Distributions to Shareholders and the Adviser.

The
Trustees may from time to time distribute among the Shareholders and the Adviser, such portion of the net profits, surplus (including
paid-in surplus), capital, or assets held by the Trust as the Trustees may deem proper by first tentatively apportioning such amounts
between the Adviser and the Shareholders (as a class) in accordance with their respective Capital Accounts. Any such amounts apportioned
to the Adviser shall be distributable to the Adviser and any such amounts apportioned to the Shareholders of any class of Shares, or
any series of any such class, shall be distributable ratably among the Shareholders in accordance with the number of outstanding full
and fractional Shares of such class or any series of such class or as may otherwise be determined in accordance with this Declaration.
Any such distributions may be made in cash or property (including without limitation any type of obligations of the Trust or any assets
thereof). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any such amounts apportioned to the Adviser may be distributed to the Adviser
whether or not any amounts are distributed to the Shareholders. The Trustees may cause the Trust to enter into a distribution reinvestment
program with terms and conditions as agreed to by the Trustees from time to time.

(a) Distributions
to Shareholders pursuant to this Section 9.2 may be among the Shareholders of record of the applicable class or series of Shares at the
time of declaring a distribution or among the Shareholders of record at such later date as the Trustees shall determine and specify.

(b) The
Trustees may always retain from the net profits such amount as they may deem necessary to pay the debts or expenses of the Trust or to
meet obligations of the Trust, or as they otherwise may deem desirable to use in the conduct of its affairs or to retain for future requirements
or extensions of the business.

(c) The
Trustee is authorized to pay or withhold any taxes it is required to pay or withhold by any taxing authority with respect to income allocable,
or any distributions made, to any Shareholder or the Adviser and to treat any such amounts as distributed to such Shareholder or the
Adviser (as applicable) for all purposes of this Declaration of Trust. If the amount of tax paid or withheld with respect to a Shareholder
or the Adviser exceeds the amount that would otherwise be distributable to such Shareholder or the Adviser, such Shareholder or the Adviser
(as applicable) shall indemnify the Trust and the Trustee for

19

the amount by which such tax exceeds the amount that would otherwise be
distributable to such Shareholder or the Adviser (as applicable).

Section
9.3 Power to Modify Foregoing Procedures. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this Article IX, the Trustees
may prescribe, in their absolute discretion except as may be required by the 1940 Act, such other bases and times for determining the
per share asset value of the Trusts Shares or net income, or the declaration and payment of dividends and distributions as they
may deem necessary or desirable for any reason, including to enable the Trust to comply with any provision of the 1940 Act, or any securities
exchange or association registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any order of exemption issued by the Commission,
all as in effect now or hereafter amended or modified.

Article
X

Shareholders

Section
10.1 Meetings of Shareholders. A special meeting of the Shareholders may be called at any time by a majority of the Trustees,
Chairman of the Board, or the Chief Executive Officer and may be called by majority of the Trustees, Chairman of the Board, or the Chief
Executive Officer for any proper purpose upon written request of Shareholders of the Trust holding in the aggregate not less than thirty-three
and one-third percent (33&frac13;%) of the outstanding Shares of the Trust, such request specifying the purpose or purposes for which
such meeting is to be called, provided that in the case of a meeting called at the request of Shareholders for the purpose of electing
Trustees or removing the Adviser, written request of Shareholders of the Trust holding in the aggregate not less than fifty-one percent
(51%) of the outstanding Shares of the Trust or class or series of Shares having voting rights on the matter shall be required. For a
special Shareholder meeting to be called for a proper purpose (as used in the preceding sentence), it is not a requirement that such
purpose relate to a matter on which Shareholders are entitled to vote, provided that if such meeting is called for a purpose for which
Shareholders are not entitled to vote, no vote will be taken at such meeting. Any shareholder meeting, including a special meeting, may
be held within or without the State of Delaware on such day and at such time as the Trustees shall designate or may be held virtually.

Section
10.2 Voting. Shareholders shall have no power to vote on any matter except matters on which a vote of Shareholders is required
by the 1940 Act, this Declaration or resolution of the Trustees. This Declaration expressly provides that no matter for which voting,
consent or other approval is required by the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute in the absence of the contrary provision in the Declaration
shall require any vote. Except as otherwise provided herein, any matter required to be submitted to Shareholders and affecting one or
more classes or series of Shares shall require approval by the required vote of all the affected classes and series of Shares voting
together as a single class provided, however, that as to any matter with respect to which a separate vote of any class or series
of Shares is required by the 1940 Act, such requirement as to a separate vote by that class or series of Shares shall apply in addition
to a vote of all the affected classes and series voting together as a single class. Shareholders of a particular class or series of Shares
shall not be entitled to vote on any matter that affects only one or more other classes or series of Shares. Each whole Share shall be
entitled to one vote as to any matter on which it is entitled to vote and each fractional Share shall be entitled to a proportionate
fractional vote. There

20

shall be no cumulative voting in the election or removal of Trustees. Trustees shall be elected by a plurality
of votes.

Section
10.3 Notice of Meeting and Record Date. Any and all notices to which any Shareholder hereunder may be entitled and any and
all communications shall be deemed duly served or given if presented personally to a Shareholder, left at his or her residence or usual
place of business or sent via United States mail or by electronic transmission to a Shareholder at his or her address as it is registered
with the Trust. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the Shareholder
at his or her address as it is registered with the Trust with postage thereon prepaid. Notice of all meetings of Shareholders, stating
the time, place and purposes of the meeting, shall be given by the Trustees by mail to each Shareholder of record entitled to vote thereat
at its registered address, mailed at least 10 days and not more than 90 days before the meeting or otherwise in compliance with applicable
law. Only the business stated in the notice of the meeting shall be considered at such meeting. Any meeting of Shareholders, whether
or not a quorum is present, may be adjourned for any lawful purpose by the Chairman, the Trustees (or their designees) or a majority
of the votes properly cast upon the question of adjourning a meeting. Any adjourned meeting may be held as adjourned one or more times
without further notice not later than 120 days after the record date. For the purposes of determining the Shareholders who are entitled
to notice of and to vote at any meeting the Trustees may, without closing the transfer books, fix a date not more than 90 nor less than
10 days prior to the date of such meeting of Shareholders as a record date for the determination of the Persons to be treated as Shareholders
of record for such purposes.

Section
10.4 Quorum and Required Vote. (a) Unless otherwise required by the 1940 Act, the holders of one third of the Shares entitled
to vote on any matter at a meeting present in person or by proxy shall constitute a quorum at such meeting of the Shareholders for purposes
of conducting business on such matter. The absence from any meeting, in person or by proxy, of a quorum of Shareholders for action upon
any given matter shall not prevent action at such meeting upon any other matter or matters which may properly come before the meeting,
if there shall be present thereat, in person or by proxy, a quorum of Shareholders in respect of such other matters.

(b) Subject
to any provision of applicable law, this Declaration or a resolution of the Trustees specifying a greater or a lesser vote requirement
for the transaction of any item of business at any meeting of Shareholders, (i) the affirmative vote of a Majority Shareholder Vote present
in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the Shareholders with respect to such
matter, and (ii) where a separate vote of one or more classes or series of Shares is required on any matter, the affirmative vote of
Majority Shareholder Vote of such class or series of Shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act
of the Shareholders of such class or series with respect to such matter.

Section
10.5 Proxies, etc. At any meeting of Shareholders, any holder of Shares entitled to vote thereat may vote by properly executed
or authorized proxy, provided that no proxy shall be voted at any meeting unless it shall have been placed on file with the Secretary,
or with such other officer or agent of the Trust as the Secretary may direct, for verification prior to the time at which such vote shall
be taken. Pursuant to a resolution of a majority of the Trustees, proxies may be solicited in the name of one or more Trustees or one
or more of the officers or employees of the

21

Trust. No proxy shall be valid after the expiration of 11 months from the date thereof, unless
otherwise provided in the proxy. Only Shareholders of record shall be entitled to vote. Each full Share shall be entitled to one vote
and fractional Shares shall be entitled to a vote of such fraction. When any Share is held jointly by several persons, any one of them
may vote at any meeting in person or by proxy in respect of such Share, but if more than one of them shall be present at such meeting
in person or by proxy, and such joint owners or their proxies so present disagree as to any vote to be cast, such vote shall not be received
in respect of such Share. A proxy purporting to be executed or authorized by or on behalf of a Shareholder shall be deemed valid unless
challenged at or prior to its exercise and the burden of proving invalidity shall rest on the challenger. If the holder of any such Share
is a minor or a person of unsound mind, and subject to guardianship or to the legal control of any other person as regards the charge
or management of such Share, he may vote by his guardian or such other person appointed or having such control, and such vote may be
given in person or by proxy.

Section
10.6 Reports. The Trustees shall cause to be prepared at least annually and more frequently to the extent and in the form required
by law, regulation or any exchange on which Trust Shares are listed a report of operations containing a balance sheet and statement of
income and undistributed income of the Trust prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and an opinion of an
independent public accountant on such financial statements. Copies of such reports shall be mailed to all Shareholders of record within
the time required by the 1940 Act, and in any event within a reasonable period preceding the meeting of Shareholders. The Trustees shall,
in addition, furnish to the Shareholders at least semi-annually to the extent required by law, interim reports containing an unaudited
balance sheet of the Trust as of the end of such period and an unaudited statement of income and surplus for the period from the beginning
of the current fiscal year to the end of such period.

Section
10.7 Inspection of Records. The records of the Trust shall be open to inspection by Shareholders to the extent permitted by
Section 3819 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute but subject to such reasonable regulation as the Trustees may determine.

Section
10.8 Delivery by Electronic Transmission or Otherwise. Notwithstanding any provision in this Declaration to the contrary, any
notice, proxy, vote, consent, report, instrument or writing of any kind or any signature referenced in, or contemplated by, this Declaration
or the Bylaws may, in the sole discretion of the Trustees, be given, granted or otherwise delivered by electronic transmission (within
the meaning of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute), including via the internet, or in any other manner permitted by applicable law.

Section
10.9 Shareholder Action by Written Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Shareholders
may be taken without a meeting, without a prior notice and without a vote if the consent, setting forth the action to be taken is given
in writing or by electronic transmission by the Shareholders having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary
to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all Shareholders entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.

22

Article
XI

Wind Down Amendment Mergers, Etc.

Section
11.1 Wind Down.

(a) The
Trustees (subject to market conditions and any necessary Shareholder approvals and applicable requirements of the 1940 Act) may upon
a written instrument determine to use their commercially reasonable efforts to wind down, sell and/or liquidate and dissolve the Trust
in an orderly manner and all of the powers of the Trustees under this Declaration shall continue until the affairs of the Trust shall
have been wound up as contemplated by Section 3808(e) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute. The Trustees may, to the extent they deem
appropriate, adopt a plan of liquidation at any time preceding the anticipated dissolution date, which plan of liquidation may set forth
the terms and conditions for implementing the dissolution and liquidation of the Trust under this Article XI. Shareholders of the Trust
shall not be entitled to vote on the adoption of any such plan or the dissolution and liquidation of the Trust under this Article XII
except to the extent required by the 1940 Act.

(b) After
the winding up and liquidation of the Trust, including the distribution of any assets of the Trust, such distribution to be made in accordance
with Article IX hereof, a majority of the Trustees shall execute and lodge among the records of the Trust an instrument in writing setting
forth the fact of such termination and shall execute and file a certificate of cancellation with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware. Upon termination of the Trust, the Trustees shall thereupon be discharged from all further liabilities and duties hereunder,
and the rights and interests of all Shareholders shall thereupon cease.

Section
11.2 Amendment Procedure.

(a) Except
as provided in subsection (c) of this Section 11.2, the Trustees may, without Shareholder vote, amend or otherwise supplement this Declaration.
Shareholders shall have the right to vote: (i) on any amendment which would eliminate their right to vote granted in this Declaration,
(ii) on any amendment to this Section 11.2(a), (iii) on any amendment that would adversely affect the powers, preferences or special
rights of the Shares as determined by the Trustees in good faith and (iv) on any amendment submitted to them by the Trustees.

(b) An
amendment duly adopted by the requisite vote of the Board of Trustees and, if required, the Shareholders as aforesaid, shall become effective
at the time of such adoption or at such other time as may be designated by the Board of Trustees or Shareholders, as the case may be.
A certification in recordable form signed by a majority of the Trustees setting forth an amendment and reciting that it was duly adopted
by the Trustees and, if required, the Shareholders as aforesaid, or a copy of the Declaration, as amended, in recordable form, and executed
by a majority of the Trustees, shall be conclusive evidence of such amendment when lodged among the records of the Trust or at such other
time designated by the Board.

23

(c) Any
amendment to this Declaration that adversely affects the Delaware Trustee shall require its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld.

Section
11.3 Subsidiaries. Without approval or vote by Shareholders, the Trustees may cause to be organized or assist in organizing
one or more corporations, trusts, partnerships, associations or other organizations to take over all of the Trust Property or to carry
on any business in which the Trust shall directly or indirectly have any interest and to sell, convey, and transfer all or a portion
of the Trust Property to any such corporation, trust, limited liability company, association or organization in exchange for the shares
or securities thereof, or otherwise, and to lend money to, subscribe for the shares or securities of and enter into any contracts with
any such corporation, trust, limited liability company, partnership, association or organization, or any corporation, partnership, trust,
limited liability company, association or organization in which the Trust holds or is about to acquire shares or any other interests.

Section
11.4 Certain Transactions.

(a) Except
as otherwise provided in paragraph (b) of this Section the affirmative vote or consent of at least a majority of the Trustees of the
Trust and at least a majority of the Shares outstanding and entitled to vote thereon shall be necessary to authorize any of the following
actions:

(i) the
merger, conversion, consolidation or share exchange of the Trust or any series or class of Shares with or into any other person or company
(including, without limitation, a partnership, corporation, joint venture, statutory or business trust, common law trust or any other
business organization) or of any such person or company with or into the Trust or any series or class of Shares.

(ii) a
strategic sale of the Trust or all or substantially all of its assets to another entity, or another type of corporate control event (which
may include a transaction with an affiliated entity, including a 1940 Act fund) for consideration in cash or publicly listed securities
of such entity or a combination of cash and such publicly listed securities.

(iii) Any
Shareholder proposal as to specific investment decisions made or to be made with respect to the assets of the Trust or a series or class
of Shares.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in paragraph (a) of this Section 11.4, so long as each action is approved by both a majority of the entire Board
of Trustees and seventy-five percent (75%) of the Continuing Trustees, and so long as all other conditions and requirements, if any,
provided for in the Bylaws and applicable law have been satisfied, then no Shareholder vote or consent shall be necessary or required
to approve any of the actions listed in paragraphs (a)(i), (a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (a)(iv) of this Section 11.4, except to the extent such
Shareholder vote or consent is required by the 1940 Act or other federal law.

24

Article
XII

The Delaware Trustee

The
trustee, pursuant to Section 3807 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, of the Trust in the State of Delaware shall be CSC Delaware
Trust Company (including any successor trustee appointed in accordance with Section 12.6 of this Declaration, the Delaware
Trustee). The street address of the principal office of Delaware Trust Company is 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware
19808. Any reference to Trustee or Board of Trustees in this Declaration and the Bylaws of the Trust shall
not be deemed to include or refer to the Delaware Trustee.

Section
12.1 Purpose of Appointment. The Delaware Trustee is appointed to serve as the trustee of the Trust in the State of Delaware
for the sole purpose of satisfying the requirements of Section 3807(a) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute that the Trust have at
least one trustee with a principal place of business in the State of Delaware. It is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that
the Delaware Trustee shall have none of the duties, obligations or liabilities of any other Person, including, without limitation, the
Board of Trustees. The Delaware Trustee shall satisfy the requirements of Section 3807(a) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute.

Section
12.2 Duties. The duties of the Delaware Trustee shall be limited to (i) accepting legal process served on the Trust in the
State of Delaware and (ii) the execution of any certificates required to be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State which the Delaware
Trustee is required to execute under Section 3811 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute. Except for the purpose of the foregoing sentence,
the Delaware Trustee shall not be deemed a trustee, shall not be a member of the board of trustees and shall have no management responsibilities
or owe any fiduciary duties to the Trust or the shareholders. To the extent that, at law or in equity, the Delaware Trustee has duties
(including fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Trust or the shareholders, it is hereby understood and agreed by
the other parties hereto that such duties and liabilities are replaced by the duties and liabilities of the Delaware Trustee expressly
set forth in this Declaration. The Delaware Trustee shall have no liability for the acts or omissions of any other Person, including,
without limitation, the board of trustees and the Adviser.

Section
12.3 Removal. The Delaware Trustee may be removed by the board of trustees upon 30 days prior written notice to the
Delaware Trustee. The Delaware Trustee may resign upon 30 days prior written notice to the board of trustees. No resignation or
removal of the Delaware Trustee shall be effective except upon the appointment of a successor Delaware Trustee appointed by the board
of trustees or a court of competent jurisdiction. If no successor Delaware Trustee has been appointed within such 30 day period, the
Delaware Trustee may, at the expense of the Trust, petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a successor Delaware Trustee.

Section
12.4 Merger. Any Person into which the Delaware Trustee may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting
from any merger or consolidation to which the Delaware Trustee shall be a party, or any Person which succeeds to all or substantially
all of the corporate trust business of the Delaware Trustee, shall be the successor Delaware Trustee under this Declaration without the
execution, delivery or filing of any paper or instrument or further act to be done on the part of the parties hereto, except as may be
required by applicable law.

25

Section
12.5 Liability.

(a) The
Delaware Trustee shall be entitled to all of the same rights, protections, indemnities and immunities under this Declaration and with
respect to the Trust and the shareholders as the board of trustees. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Declaration which
adversely affects the Delaware Trustee shall be effective against it without its prior written consent.

(b) The
Delaware Trustee shall not be liable for supervising or monitoring the performance and the duties and obligations of any other Person,
including, without limitation, the board of trustees or the Adviser or the Trust under this Declaration or any related document. The
Delaware Trustee shall not be personally liable under any circumstances, except for its own willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence.
In particular, but not by way of limitation:

(i) the
Delaware Trustee shall not be personally liable for any error of judgment made in good faith

(ii) no
provision of this Declaration shall require the Delaware Trustee to expend or risk its personal funds or otherwise incur any financial
liability in the performance of its rights or powers hereunder, if the Delaware Trustee shall have reasonable grounds for believing that
the payment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured or provided to it

(iii) under
no circumstances shall the Delaware Trustee be personally liable for any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or indebtedness
of the Trust

(iv) the
Delaware Trustee shall not be personally responsible for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Declaration or for the
due execution hereof by any other party hereto

(v) the
Delaware Trustee shall incur no liability to anyone in acting upon any signature, instrument, notice, resolution, request, consent, order,
certificate, report, opinion, bond or other document or paper reasonably believed by it to be genuine and reasonably believed by it to
be signed by the proper party or parties. The Delaware Trustee may accept a certified copy of a resolution of the board of directors
or other governing body of any corporate party as conclusive evidence that such resolution has been duly adopted by such body and that
the same is in full force and effect. As to any fact or matter the manner of ascertainment of which is not specifically prescribed herein,
the Delaware Trustee may for all purposes hereof rely on a certificate or resolution, signed by the board of trustees or an officer of
the Trust as to such fact or matter, and such certificate shall constitute full protection to the Delaware Trustee for any action taken
or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in reliance thereon

(vi) in
the exercise or administration of the Trust hereunder, the Delaware Trustee (A) may act directly or through agents or attorneys pursuant
to

26

agreements entered into with any of them, and the Delaware Trustee shall not be liable for the default or misconduct of such agents
or attorneys if such agents or attorneys shall have been selected by the Delaware Trustee in good faith and (B) may consult with counsel,
accountants and other skilled persons to be selected by it in good faith and employed by it, and it shall not be liable for anything
done, suffered or omitted in good faith by it in accordance with the advice or opinion of any such counsel, accountants or other skilled
persons

(vii) in
accepting and performing its express duties hereunder the Delaware Trustee acts solely as Delaware Trustee hereunder and not in its individual
capacity, and all persons having any claim against the Delaware Trustee by reason of the transactions contemplated by this Declaration
shall look only to the Trust for payment or satisfaction thereof and

(viii) the
Delaware Trustee shall incur no liability if, by reason of any provision of any present or future law or regulation thereunder, or by
any force majeure event, including but not limited to natural disaster, act of war or terrorism, or other circumstances beyond its reasonable
control, the Delaware Trustee shall be prevented or forbidden from doing or performing any act or thing which the terms of this Declaration
provide shall or may be done or performed, or by reason of any exercise of, or failure to exercise, any discretion provided for in this
Declaration.

Section
12.6 Successors. In the event of the appointment of a successor Delaware Trustee, such successor shall cause an amendment to
the certificate of trust of the Trust to be filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware in accordance with Section 3810 of the Delaware
Statutory Trust Statute, indicating the change of the Delaware Trustees identity.

Section
12.7 Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses. The Trust hereby agrees to (i) compensate the Delaware Trustee in accordance
with a separate fee agreement with the Delaware Trustee, (ii) reimburse the Delaware Trustee for all reasonable expenses (including reasonable
fees and expenses of counsel and other experts) and (iii) indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Delaware Trustee and any of the officers,
directors, employees and agents of the Delaware Trustee (the Indemnified Persons) from and against any and all losses,
damages, liabilities, claims, actions, suits, costs, expenses, disbursements (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel),
taxes and penalties of any kind and nature whatsoever (collectively, Expenses), to the extent that such Expenses
arise out of or are imposed upon or asserted at any time against such Indemnified Persons with respect to the performance of any duties
contemplated by this Declaration, the creation, operation or termination of the Trust or the transactions contemplated hereby provided,
however, that the Trust shall not be required to indemnify any Indemnified Person for any Expenses which are a result of the willful
misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence of such Indemnified Person. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Expenses to be incurred
by an Indemnified Person shall, from time to time, be advanced by, or on behalf of, the Trust prior to the final disposition of any matter
upon receipt by the Trust of an undertaking by, or on behalf of, such Indemnified Person to repay such amount if it shall be determined
that the Indemnified Person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Declaration.

27

Article
XIII

Miscellaneous

Section
13.1 Filing.

(a) This
Declaration and any amendment or supplement hereto shall be filed in such places as may be required or as the Trustees deem appropriate.
Each amendment or supplement shall be accompanied by a certificate signed and acknowledged by a Trustee stating that such action was
duly taken in a manner provided herein, and shall, upon insertion in the Trusts minute book, be conclusive evidence of all amendments
contained therein. A restated Declaration, containing the original Declaration and all amendments and supplements theretofore made, may
be executed from time to time by a majority of the Trustees and shall, upon insertion in the Trusts minute book, be conclusive
evidence of all amendments and supplements contained therein and may thereafter be referred to in lieu of the original Declaration and
the various amendments and supplements thereto.

(b) The
Trustees hereby ratify the previous filing of the Certificate of Trust with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
in accordance with the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute.

Section
13.2 Governing Law. The trust set forth in this instrument is made in the State of Delaware, and the Trust and this Declaration,
and the rights and obligations of the Trustees and Shareholders hereunder, are to be governed by and construed and administered according
to the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute and the laws of said State provided, however, that there shall not be applicable to the
Trust, the Trustees or this Declaration (a) the provisions of Sections 3540 and 3561 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code or (b) any provisions
of the laws (statutory or common) of the State of Delaware (other than the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute) pertaining to trusts which
relate to or regulate: (i) the filing with any court or governmental body or agency of trustee accounts or schedules of trustee fees
and charges, (ii) affirmative requirements to post bonds for trustees, officers, agents or employees of a trust, (iii) the necessity
for obtaining court or other governmental approval concerning the acquisition, holding or disposition of real or personal property, (iv)
fees or other sums payable to trustees, officers, agents or employees of a trust, (v) the allocation of receipts and expenditures to
income or principal, (vi) restrictions or limitations on the permissible nature, amount or concentration of trust investments or requirements
relating to the titling, storage or other manner of holding of trust assets, or (vii) the establishment of fiduciary or other standards
or responsibilities or limitations on the acts or powers of trustees, which are inconsistent with the limitations or liabilities or authorities
and powers of the Trustees set forth or referenced in this Declaration. The Trust shall be of the type commonly called a statutory
trust, and without limiting the provisions hereof, the Trust may exercise all powers which are ordinarily exercised by such a
trust under Delaware law. The Trust specifically reserves the right to exercise any of the powers or privileges afforded to trusts or
actions that may be engaged in by trusts under the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, and the absence of a specific reference herein to
any such power, privilege or action shall not imply that the Trust may not exercise such power or privilege or take such actions.

28

Section
13.3 Exclusive Delaware Jurisdiction. Each Trustee, each officer and each Person legally or beneficially owning a Share or
an interest in a Share of the Trust (whether through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation or an agent of any
of the foregoing or otherwise), to the fullest extent permitted by law, including Section 3804(e) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute,
(i) irrevocably agrees that any claims, suits, actions or proceedings asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs (or similar)
doctrine or arising out of or relating in any way to the Trust, the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, this Declaration or the Bylaws
(including, without limitation, any claims, suits, actions or proceedings to interpret, apply or enforce (A) the provisions of this Declaration
or the Bylaws, or (B) the duties (including fiduciary duties), obligations or liabilities of the Trust to the Shareholders or the Trustees,
or of officers or the Trustees to the Trust, to the Shareholders or each other, or (C) the rights or powers of, or restrictions on, the
Trust, the officers, the Trustees or the Shareholders, or (D) any provision of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute or other laws of
the State of Delaware pertaining to trusts made applicable to the Trust pursuant to Section 3809 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute,
or (E) any other instrument, document, agreement or certificate contemplated by any provision of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute,
the Declaration or the Bylaws relating in any way to the Trust (regardless, in each case, of whether such claims, suits, actions or proceedings
(x) sound in contract, tort, fraud or otherwise, (y) are based on common law, statutory, equitable, legal or other grounds, or (z) are
derivative or direct claims)), shall be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does
not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, any other court in the State of Delaware with subject matter jurisdiction, (ii) irrevocably
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in connection with any such claim, suit, action or proceeding, (iii) irrevocably
agrees not to, and waives any right to, assert in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding that (A) it is not personally subject to
the jurisdiction of such courts or any other court to which proceedings in such courts may be appealed, (B) such claim, suit, action
or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, or (C) the venue of such claim, suit, action or proceeding is improper, (iv) consents
to process being served in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding by mailing, certified mail, return receipt requested, a copy thereof
to such party at the address in effect for notices hereunder, and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof provided, nothing in clause (iv) hereof shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other
manner permitted by law, and (v) irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding.
This Section 13.3 shall not apply to any claims brought under federal securities law, or the rules and regulations thereunder.

Section
13.4 Counterparts. This Declaration may be simultaneously executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to
be an original, and such counterparts, together, shall constitute one and the same instrument, which shall be sufficiently evidenced
by any such original counterpart.

Section
13.5 Reliance by Third Parties. Any certificate executed by an individual who, according to the records of the Trust, or of
any recording office in which this Declaration may be recorded, appears to be a Trustee hereunder, certifying to: (a) the number or identity
of Trustees

29

or Shareholders, (b) the name of the Trust, (c) the due authorization of the execution of any instrument or writing, (d)
the form of any vote passed at a meeting of Trustees or Shareholders, (e) the fact that the number of Trustees or Shareholders present
at any meeting or executing any written instrument satisfies the requirements of this Declaration, (f) the form of any Bylaws adopted
by or the identity of any officers elected by the Trustees, or (g) the existence of any fact or facts which in any manner relate to the
affairs of the Trust, shall be conclusive evidence as to the matters so certified in favor of any person dealing with the Trustees and
their successors.

Section
13.6 Provisions in Conflict with Law or Regulation. (a) The provisions of this Declaration are severable, and if the Trustees
shall determine, with the advice of counsel, that any of such provisions is in conflict with the 1940 Act, the regulated investment company
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code or with other applicable laws and regulations, the conflicting provision shall be deemed never
to have constituted a part of this Declaration provided, however, that such determination shall not affect any of the remaining
provisions of this Declaration or render invalid or improper any action taken or omitted prior to such determination.

(b) If
any provision of this Declaration shall be held invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall
attach only to such provision in such jurisdiction and shall not in any manner affect such provision in any other jurisdiction or any
other provision of this Declaration in any jurisdiction.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Declaration, nothing herein modifying, restricting or eliminating the duties or liabilities of the Trustees,
Officers, and the Delaware Trustee shall apply to, or in any way limit, the duties (including state law fiduciary duties of loyalty and
care) or liabilities of such persons with respect to matters arising under the federal securities laws.

Section
13.7 Amendment and Restatement. This Declaration is intended to amend and restate in its entirety the Amended Declaration.
This Declaration shall not constitute a novation of the obligations and liabilities existing under the Amended Declaration or evidence
fulfillment or termination of any such obligations and liabilities.

Article
XIV

Tax Matters

Section
14.1 Partnership Classification.

(a) The
Trust is intended to be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal tax purposes provided, however, that the Trustees may cause
the Trust to file with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service an election to be classified as an association taxable as a corporation if they
deem such classification to be in the best interest of the Shareholders. Until any such election is made, the Trustees shall not permit
transfers or redemptions of Shares if the Trustees believe that such transfer or redemption could cause the Trust to be treated as a
publicly traded partnership under Section 7704 of the Code that is taxed as a corporation.

30

(b) The
Trust will use best efforts to provide each Shareholder and the Adviser with a Schedule K-1 (and Schedules K-2 and K-3 as applicable)
indicating their distributive share of the Trusts income, gains, losses, deductions and credits by March 31 of each year. The
Shareholders and Adviser acknowledge delivery of Schedules K-1 (and Schedules K-2 and K-3 as applicable) may be delayed, and Shareholders
or the Adviser may need to obtain extensions for the filing of their own tax returns.

Section
14.2 Capital Accounts. There shall be established on the books and records of the Trust, a capital account (a Capital
Account) for each Shareholder and for the Adviser with respect to the Incentive Allocation. In the event of any transfer of Shares
in accordance with the terms of this Declaration of Trust, the transferee shall succeed to the Capital Account of the transferor to the
extent it relates to the transferred Shares. The Capital Accounts of each Shareholder and the Adviser will be (i) increased by the amount
of any capital contributed to the Trust (net of any associated liabilities) by a Shareholder or the Adviser (ii) increased or decreased
by income, gain, loss or deduction allocated to a Shareholder or the Adviser pursuant to Sections 14.2, 14.3 or 14.4 of this Declaration
of Trust and (iii) decreased by the amount of any distributions from the Trust to such Shareholder or the Adviser pursuant to this
Declaration of Trust. The foregoing provisions and the other provisions of this Declaration of Trust relating to the maintenance of Capital
Accounts are intended to comply with Treasury Regulations Sections 1.7041(b) and 1.704-2 and will be interpreted and applied in a manner
consistent therewith.

Section
14.3 Allocations of Profits and Losses.

(a) If
at the end of any calendar year there is a Cumulative Realized Gain Amount, 20% of such Cumulative Realized Gain Amount, less the aggregate
amount of any previously allocated Incentive Allocation, shall be allocated to the Advisers Capital Account and shall constitute
the Incentive Allocation provided the Adviser and the Trust shall be permitted to adjust the calculation of the Incentive
Allocation to the extent necessary to accurately reflect any fee payable to the Adviser with respect to the period beginning prior to
January 1, 2025.

(b) After
making any allocations required under Section 14.2 or 14.3(a) hereof, profits and losses as determined for purposes of maintaining capital
accounts under Treasury Regulations section 1.704(b)-1 shall be allocated to the Capital Accounts of the Shareholders in proportion to
their Shares. For the avoidance of doubt 100% of any costs or expenses of the Trust associated with paying fees to the Adviser shall
be specially allocated to the Capital Accounts of the Shareholders that bore such costs or expenses.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, any allocation to the Adviser attributable, or otherwise related, to any capital contributed to the
Trust and its status as a Shareholder (including, for this purpose, reinvested API Gain as defined in Treasury Regulations
Section 1.1061-1(a)) by the Adviser are intended to qualify as Capital Interest Allocations within the meaning of Treasury
Regulations Section 1.1061-3(c)(3), and the provisions of this Declaration of Trust relating to distributions and allocations shall be
interpreted consistent with that intention. In accordance with the foregoing, (i) all such allocations to the Adviser (including, for
this purpose, reinvested API Gain, as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1061-1(a)), shall be determined

31

and calculated
in a similar manner (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1061-3(c)(3)(ii)), (ii) all such allocations shall be determined
and calculated separate and apart, within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1061-3(c)(3)(ii)(B), from allocations with respect
to any Incentive Allocation to the Adviser, or allocations otherwise not attributable to or relating to capital contributed to the Trust
or the Advisers status as a Shareholder, and (iii) the Trust shall consistently reflect the separately identified allocations
described in clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 14.3(c) in its books and records. Nothing in this paragraph is intended to affect distributions
under this Declaration of Trust.

(d) Notwithstanding
any other provision in this Declaration of Trust, the Trust shall comply with the regulatory allocations provided in Section 704 of the
Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, including the minimum gain and the qualified income offset
provisions. If any special allocations are made under this Section 14.3(d) (the Tax Regulatory Allocations), the
Trustees may take such Tax Regulatory Allocations into account in making subsequent allocations of income, gain, loss or deduction to
the Shareholders and the Adviser, and may make such further special allocations as may be necessary or appropriate to prevent the Tax
Regulatory Allocations from distorting the manner in which the distributions in respect will be divided among the Shareholders or the
Adviser pursuant to this Declaration of Trust.

(e) If
any property is distributed in kind by the Trust to Shareholders or the Adviser, immediately before such distribution, such property
shall be deemed to be sold for its fair market value as determined by the Adviser, and any resulting deemed gain or loss shall be allocated
amongst the Shareholders or the Adviser, as applicable pursuant to Section 14.3(a) and Section 14.3(b).

(f) Notwithstanding
any provision of this Declaration of Trust, each item of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit as determined for U.S. federal income
tax purposes shall be allocated in the same manner as the related items are allocated under Sections 14.3(a) - (e) provided that
the Trustees may adjust such allocations as may be necessary or desirable to ensure that such allocations are in accordance with the
interests of the Shareholders and the Advisor, as applicable, or otherwise comply with the applicable provisions of the Code and Treasury
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Section 704(c) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder).
To the extent any property of the Trust is credited to the Capital Account of a Shareholder or the Adviser at a value other than its
tax basis (whether as a result of a contribution of such property or a revaluation of such property), then allocations of taxable income,
gain, loss and deductions with respect to such property shall be made in a manner which will comply with Code Sections 704(b) and 704(c)
and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. For purposes of determining profits and losses or any other items allocable to any period (including
upon a transfer of Shares), such items shall be determined on a daily, monthly or other basis, as determined by the Trustees using any
permissible method under Section 706 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder, which selection will be set forth in a dated,
written statement maintained with the Trusts books and records. The Shareholders and the Advisor hereby agree that any such selection
by the Trustees is made by agreement of the partners within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.706-4(f). In
the case of a transfer of Shares, the transferor and transferee shall, in the Trustees

32

sole discretion, be required to reimburse
the Trustees for any reasonable expenses incurred in making such allocation.

Section
14.4 Incentive Allocation. Entitlement to the Incentive Allocation is intended to constitute a profits interest
as that term is used in Revenue Procedure 93-27 and 2001-43, and the Trustees shall have full authority to interpret any provision of
this Declaration in their discretion to give effect to this intent. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Trustees may adjust the manner
in which items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit are allocated to the Adviser and each Shareholder and their respective Capital
Accounts, and adjust the timing or amount of distributions that would otherwise be made to the Adviser and each Shareholder and their
respective Capital Accounts, or amend this Declaration as deemed necessary or appropriate to cause the right to receive the Incentive
Allocation as of the date issued to be respected as a profits interest. The Trust, the Adviser and the Shareholders will (i) treat entitlement
to the Incentive Allocation as outstanding for tax purposes, (ii) treat the Adviser as a partner in the Trust for U.S. federal, and applicable
state and local, income tax purposes with respect to entitlements to the Incentive Allocation (but for the avoidance of doubt the Investment
Adviser shall not be considered a Shareholder with respect to the Incentive Allocation for any other purpose), and (iii) file all tax
returns and reports consistently with the foregoing (except for non-U.S. federal returns or reports for which a different tax treatment
is required by applicable law).

Section
14.5 Partnership Representative. The Adviser (or such other eligible person as designated by the Trustee) is designated to
act as the Partnership Representative (as that term is defined in Section 6223(a) of the Code) and the Trustee shall appoint
any required designated individual. In such capacity, the Partnership Representative (and any designated individual) shall have sole
discretion to make or refrain from making any election or otherwise act on behalf of the Trust in any audit proceeding involving the
Trust. Each Shareholder expressly consents to such designation and agrees that, upon the reasonable request of the Trustee, it will execute,
acknowledge, deliver, file and record at the appropriate public offices such documents as may be necessary or appropriate to effect such
consent. Each Shareholder agrees not to treat, without the prior consent of the Trustee (which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld),
on its U.S. federal income tax return or in any claim for a refund, any income, gain, loss, deduction or credit in a manner inconsistent
with the treatment of such item by the Trust as reflected in any information furnished to such Shareholder. The Partnership Representative
shall have all of the powers and authority of a partnership representative under the Code and analogous U.S. state and
local laws or non-U.S. laws. The Partnership Representative (and any designated individual) shall represent the Trust (at the Trusts
expense) in connection with all administrative and/or judicial proceedings by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or any U.S. taxing authority
involving any U.S. tax return of the Trust and may expend the Trusts funds for professional services and costs associated therewith.
Each Shareholder (or former Shareholder) agrees to indemnify the Trust for any taxes (and related interest, penalties or other charges
or expenses) payable by the Trust and attributable to such Shareholders (or former Shareholders) interest in the Trust,
as reasonably determined by the Partnership Representative. The foregoing obligation shall survive the withdrawal of any Shareholder
and/or the dissolution and liquidation of the Trust. Any taxes (and related interest, penalties or other charges or expenses) that are
payable by the Trust shall, to the extent attributable to a Shareholders (or former Shareholders) interest in the Trust,
be treated as distributed to such Shareholder. To the maximum extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Partnership Representative
(and any designated individual) shall be entitled to indemnification from the Trust

33

for any act performed by it within the scope of its
duties as such except to the extent such act constitutes gross negligence or willful misconduct.

Section
14.6 Tax Elections. The Trustee shall be entitled to make or revoke or refrain from making any tax election available to the
Trust, including the election provided under Section 754 of the Code. Each Shareholder agrees to furnish to the Trustee such information
as may be reasonably required for the Trust to comply with any tax accounting, withholding and reporting obligations.

(SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS)

34

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Declaration to be executed as of the day and year first above written.

By: /s/ Mark A. Buffington

Name: Mark A. Buffington

Title: Chairman of the Board

CSC Delaware Trust Company,

as Delaware Trustee

By: /s/ Gregory Daniels

Name: Gregory Daniels

Title: Vice President

(Signature
Page to BIP Ventures Evergreen BDC Second Amended and Restated

Agreement and Declaration of Trust)

35
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 1, 2025.
<TEXT>
SECOND
AMENDED AND RESTATED INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT

This Second Amended and
Restated Investment Advisory Agreement (this Agreement), dated and effective as of January 1, 2025, is made by and
between BIP Ventures Evergreen BDC, a Delaware statutory trust (herein referred to as the Fund) and BIP Capital,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (herein referred to as the Adviser). Capitalized terms not defined herein
shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Funds second amended and restated agreement and declaration of trust dated
as of January 1, 2025 (the Declaration of Trust).

WHEREAS, the Fund and the
Adviser entered into that certain Investment Advisory Agreement dated as of July 12, 2023 (the Original Investment Advisory
Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Fund and the
Adviser subsequently entered into that certain Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement dated as of August 7, 2024 (the First
Amended Investment Advisory Agreement), which amended and restated the Original Investment Advisory Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Fund and the
Adviser desire to amend and restate the First Amended Investment Advisory Agreement in its entirety as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the covenants hereinafter contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Fund and the Adviser hereby agree as follows:

1.Appointment of Adviser.

(a)The Adviser hereby undertakes and agrees, upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, to provide overall investment advisory
services for the Fund and in connection therewith to, in accordance with the Funds investment objectives, policies and restrictions
as in effect from time to time:

(1)determining the composition of the Funds portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to the Funds portfolio and
the manner of implementing such changes in accordance with the Funds investment objective, policies and restrictions;

(2)identifying investment opportunities and making investment decisions for the Fund, including negotiating the terms of investments
in, and dispositions of, portfolio securities and other instruments on the Funds behalf;

(3)monitoring the Funds investments;

(4)performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies;

(5)exercising voting rights in respect of portfolio securities and other investments for the Fund;

(6)serving on, and exercising observer rights for, boards of directors and similar committees

1

of the Funds portfolio
companies;

(7)negotiating, obtaining and managing financing facilities and other forms of leverage; and

(8)providing the Fund with such other investment advisory and related services as the Fund may, from time to time, reasonably require
for the investment of capital, which may include, without limitation:

(A)making, in consultation with the Funds board of trustees (the Board of Trustees), investment strategy
decisions for the Fund;

(B)reasonably assisting the Board of Trustees and the Funds other service providers with the valuation of the Funds
assets;

(C)directing investment professionals or non-investment professionals of the Adviser to provide managerial assistance to portfolio
companies of the Fund as requested by the Fund, from time to time; and

(D)exercising voting rights in respect of the Funds portfolio securities and other investments.

(b)Subject to the supervision of the Board of Trustees, the Adviser shall have the power and authority on behalf of the Fund to effectuate
its investment decisions for the Fund, including the execution and delivery of all documents relating to the Funds investments,
the placing of orders for other purchase or sale transactions on behalf of the Fund and causing the Fund to pay investment-related expenses.
In the event that the Fund determines to acquire debt financing, the Adviser will arrange for such financing on the Funds behalf.
If it is necessary or appropriate for the Adviser to make investments on behalf of the Fund through a special purpose vehicle, the Adviser
shall have authority to create or arrange for the creation of such special purpose vehicle and to make such investments through such special
purpose vehicle (in accordance with the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act)).

2.Expenses.

(a)In connection herewith, the Adviser agrees to maintain a staff within its organization to furnish the above services to the Fund.
The Adviser shall bear all expenses arising out of its duties hereunder, except as provided in this Section 2.

(b)Except as specifically provided below and above in Section 1 hereof, the Fund anticipates that all investment professionals and
staff of the Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory services to the Fund, and the base compensation,
bonus and benefits, and the routine overhead expenses, of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by
the Adviser. The Fund will reimburse the Adviser for all reasonable and direct expenses incurred in connection with (i) the organization
of the Fund, the Adviser, and related entities and (ii) the preparation of all materials in connection with the private offering of the
Shares (collectively, Organization and Offering Expenses); provided, that such Organizational and Offering Expenses
payable by the Fund to the Investment Adviser shall not

2

exceed $500,000. Organization and Offering
Expenses shall include, but are not limited to, legal, tax, compliance, accounting, printing, mailing, travel, meals, due diligence costs,
and other costs and expenses associated with organizing and marketing the Fund. All Shares will be responsible for the pro rata portion
of Organization and Offering Expenses attributable to such Shares.

(c)The Fund will bear all other costs and expenses of the Funds operations, administration and transactions, including:

(1)all costs and expenses attributable to acquiring or originating, holding, and disposing of investments;

(2)the actual costs incurred by the Adviser or third party engaged by the Adviser in connection with management and servicing of the
Funds investments, as applicable, provided that the Funds responsibility for such costs shall be limited to an amount that
is usual and customary for the provision of such services in the geographic area of the investment, as applicable;

(3)legal, accounting, auditing, banking, consulting, and other fees and expenses, including reimbursement to the Adviser for the cost
of specific services provided by the Adviser or its affiliates, which would otherwise be provided by third party experts such as tax and
legal services;

(4)all reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by the Fund, the Adviser, or their respective affiliates, partners, agents,
officers, and employees relating to the investigation of investment, syndication, and investment repayment opportunities for the Fund,
whether or not consummated, and the fees and expenses of due diligence associated therewith;

(5)the fees payable to the Adviser, or any of their respective affiliates for services provided, including the base management fee;

(6)any taxes, fees, and other governmental charges levied against the Fund; and

(7)all other expenses incurred by the Adviser or any of its affiliates in connection with administering the Funds business,
including expenses incurred by the Adviser, or any of its affiliates in performing administrative services for the Fund, the allocable
portion of the compensation and overhead of administrative personnel of the Adviser or any of its affiliates or paid by the Adviser or
any of its affiliates, and the cost of any third-party service providers, engaged to assist the Adviser or any of its affiliates with
the provision of administrative services for the Fund or on the Funds behalf.

(d)From time to time, the Adviser or its affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or services. The Fund will reimburse the
Adviser or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on the Funds behalf. From time to time, the Adviser may defer or waive
fees and/or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. All of the foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by the Funds shareholders.

3

(e) Costs and expenses of the Adviser that are eligible for reimbursement by the Fund will be reasonably allocated to the Fund on
the basis of time spent, assets under management, usage rates, proportionate holdings, a combination thereof or other reasonable methods
determined by the Adviser.

3.Transactions with Affiliates. The Adviser is authorized on behalf of the Fund, from time to time when deemed to be in the
best interests of the Fund and to the extent permitted by applicable law, to purchase and/or sell securities in which the Adviser or any
of its affiliates underwrites, deals in and/or makes a market and/or may perform or seek to perform investment banking services for issuers
of such securities. The Adviser is further authorized, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to select brokers (including any brokers
affiliated with the Adviser) for the execution of trades for the Fund.

4.Best Execution; Research Services.

(a)The Adviser is authorized, for the purchase and sale of the Funds portfolio securities, to employ such dealers and brokers
as may, in the judgment of the Adviser, implement the policy of the Fund to obtain the best results, taking into account such factors
as price, including dealer spread, the size, type and difficulty of the transaction involved, the firms general execution and operational
facilities and the firms risk in positioning the securities involved. Consistent with this policy, the Adviser is authorized to
direct the execution of the Funds portfolio transactions to dealers and brokers furnishing statistical information or research
deemed by the Adviser to be useful or valuable to the performance of its investment advisory functions for the Fund. It is understood
that in these circumstances, as contemplated by Section 28(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the commissions paid
may be higher than those which the Fund might otherwise have paid to another broker if those services had not been provided. Information
so received will be in addition to and not in lieu of the services required to be performed by the Adviser. It is understood that the
expenses of the Adviser will not necessarily be reduced as a result of the receipt of such information or research. Research services
furnished to the Adviser by brokers who effect securities transactions for the Fund may be used by the Adviser in servicing other investment
companies, entities or funds and accounts which it manages. Similarly, research services furnished to the Adviser by brokers who effect
securities transactions for other investment companies, entities or funds and accounts which the Adviser manages may be used by the Adviser
in servicing the Fund. It is understood that not all of these research services are used by the Adviser in managing any particular account,
including the Fund.

(b)The Adviser and its affiliates may aggregate purchase or sale orders for the assets with purchase or sale orders for the same security
for other clients accounts of the Adviser or of its affiliates, the Advisers own accounts and hold proprietary positions
in accordance with its current aggregation and allocation policy (collectively, the Advisory Clients), but only if
(x) in the Advisers reasonable judgment such aggregation results in an overall economic or other benefit to the assets taking into
consideration the advantageous selling or purchase price, brokerage commission and other expenses and factors and (y) the Advisers
actions with respect to aggregating orders for multiple Advisory Clients, as well as the Fund, are consistent with applicable law. However,
the Adviser is under no obligation to aggregate any such orders under any circumstances.

4

5.Remuneration.

(a)The Fund agrees to pay, and the Adviser agrees to accept, as compensation for the services provided by the Adviser hereunder, a
base management fee (the Management Fee), an initial incentive fee (the Incentive Fee) and a
subsequent incentive allocation (the Incentive Allocation) as hereinafter set forth. The Fund shall make any payments
due hereunder to the Adviser or to the Advisers designee as the Adviser may otherwise direct.

(b)Management Fee. The Management Fee shall be payable quarterly in arrears, at an annual rate of: (i) 1.75% of the Funds
average net assets if the Funds total net asset balance is less than $500,000,000; and (ii) 1.50% of the Funds average net
assets if the Funds total net asset balance is equal to or greater than $500,000,000. The average net asset balance will be the
average of the Funds total net assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters.

(c)Initial Incentive Fee and Incentive Allocation.

(1)Initial Incentive Fee: the Adviser shall be entitled to payment of an Incentive Fee with respect to periods prior to January
1, 2025.

(A)The Incentive Fee shall be payable at the end of each calendar year, in arrears, in an amount equal to 20% of cumulative aggregate
realized capital gains plus interest received on portfolio assets, from the date of the Funds election to be regulated as a BDC
to the end of each calendar year (with the final calendar year with respect to calculating the Incentive Fee deemed to end on December
31, 2024), less cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, less the aggregate amount
of any previously paid Incentive Fee. The Fund shall accrue, but will not pay, the Incentive Fee with respect to net unrealized appreciation
with the final accrual period ending on December 31, 2024. Any accrued and outstanding Incentive Fee (based on net unrealized appreciation
as of December 31, 2024) shall remain outstanding and shall be paid from any subsequent cumulative aggregate realized capital gains net
of aggregate realized capital losses and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation prior to any payments with respect to the Incentive
Allocation (for the avoidance of doubt the Incentive Fee is intended to apply solely based on performance of the Fund, including with
respect to any net unrealized appreciation, as of December 31, 2024 and the calculations of the Incentive Fee and Incentive Allocation
shall be without duplication). Any accrued and outstanding Incentive Fee as of December 31, 2024 shall be payable to the Adviser only
to the extent there are sufficient subsequent realized capital gains including interest received on portfolio assets net of realized capital
losses and unrealized capital depreciation.

(B)The Incentive Fee will only be paid on assets that have been partially or fully sold. In determining the Incentive Fee payable
to the Adviser, the Fund shall calculate the cumulative aggregate realized capital gains and cumulative aggregate realized capital losses
since the Funds inception, and the aggregate unrealized capital depreciation as of the date of the calculation, as applicable,
with respect to each of the investments in the Funds portfolio. For this purpose,

5

cumulative aggregate realized capital
gains, if any, shall mean the sum of the differences between the net sales price of each investment, when sold, and the original
cost of such investment since the Funds inception. Cumulative aggregate realized capital losses shall mean the sum
of the amounts by which the net sales price of each investment, when sold, is less than the original cost of such investment since the
Funds inception. The net sales price shall include all cash received related to the portfolio asset, including amounts
recorded as interest income on convertible notes or debt investments throughout the assets life. The original cost
shall include all cash that was deployed into the portfolio asset, which would not include converted interest on convertible notes or
PIK on debt investments. Cumulative aggregate realized capital gains and cumulative aggregate realized capital losses will only include
cash flows associated with assets that have been sold. Aggregate unrealized capital depreciation shall mean the sum of the
difference, if negative, between the valuation of each investment as of the applicable calculation date and the original cost of such
investment. At the end of the applicable year, the amount of capital gains that serves as the basis for the Funds calculation of
the Incentive Fee shall be equal to the cumulative aggregate realized capital gains less cumulative aggregate realized capital losses,
less aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, with respect to the Funds portfolio of investments.

(2)Incentive Allocation: As of January 1, 2025, the Fund shall cease accruing the Incentive Fee and the Adviser shall be entitled
to the Incentive Allocation, which shall be equal to 20% of the Funds Cumulative Realized Gain Amount (as defined below), less
the aggregate amount of any previously allocated Incentive Allocation, and shall be allocated to the Advisers Capital Account.
The Incentive Allocation amount, or the calculations pertaining thereto, as appropriate, shall account for any period less than a full
calendar year. The Incentive Allocation will only be allocated to the Adviser with respect to investments that have been sold or otherwise
disposed of, including partially sold or disposed of. Any Incentive Allocation apportioned to the Advisers Capital Account during
a calendar year may be distributed to the Adviser whether or not any amounts are distributed to the Funds shareholders.

As used for purposes
of calculating the Funds Cumulative Realized Gain Amount and the Incentive Allocation, the following terms shall have the following
meanings:

Aggregate Unrealized
Capital Depreciation means the sum of the difference, if negative, between the valuation of each investment as of an applicable
calculation date as reasonably determined by the Adviser as valuation designee and the Original Cost of such investment.

Capital Account
means an account established on the books and records of the Fund for each of the Funds shareholders and for the Adviser with respect
to the Incentive Allocation.

Cumulative
Aggregate Realized Capital Gains means the sum of the amounts by which the Net Sales Price of each investment that has been
sold or otherwise

6

disposed of by the Fund, when so sold or
disposed of, exceeds the Original Cost of such investment since the Funds inception; provided, however, that such calculation shall
ignore any appreciation in the value of an investment prior to January 1, 2025.

Cumulative
Aggregate Realized Capital Losses means the sum of the amounts by which the Net Sales Price of each investment that has been
sold or otherwise disposed of by the Fund, when so sold or disposed of, is less than the Original Cost of such investment since the Funds
inception; provided, however, that such calculation shall ignore any reduction or depreciation in the value of an investment prior to
January 1, 2025.

Cumulative
Realized Gain Amount means the Funds Cumulative Aggregate Realized Capital Gains, less Cumulative Aggregate Realized
Capital Losses and Aggregate Unrealized Capital Depreciation. The Cumulative Realized Gain Amount and the calculations pertaining thereto,
as appropriate, will account for any period less than a full calendar year.

Net Sales Price
means all cash received by the Fund related to an investment, including amounts recorded as interest income on convertible notes or debt
investments since January 1, 2025.

Original Cost
means all cash that was deployed into an investment by the Fund, excluding any converted interest on convertible notes or PIK on debt
investments.

(3)The Adviser shall file, on a timely basis within 30 days of the grant of the Incentive Allocation on January 1, 2025, an election
with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code (in the form attached hereto as Schedule A), and, promptly
upon such filing, the Adviser shall provide a copy of such election to the Fund along with evidence of such filing.

6.Representations and Warranties. The Adviser represents and warrants that it is duly registered and authorized as an investment
adviser under the Advisers Act and the Adviser agrees to maintain effective all material requisite registrations, authorizations and licenses,
as the case may be, until the termination of this Agreement.

7.Services Not Deemed Exclusive. The Fund and the Board of Trustees acknowledge and agree that:

(a)the services provided hereunder by the Adviser are not to be deemed exclusive, and the Adviser and any of its affiliates or related
persons are free to render similar services to others and to use the research developed in connection with this Agreement for other Advisory
Clients or affiliates. The Fund agrees that the Adviser may give advice and take action with respect to any of its other Advisory Clients
which may differ from advice given or the timing or nature of action taken with respect to any client or account so long as it is the
Advisers policy, to the extent practicable, to allocate investment opportunities to the client or account on a fair and equitable
basis relative to its other Advisory Clients. It is understood that the Adviser shall not have any obligation to recommend for purchase
or sale any loans which its principals, affiliates or

7

employees may purchase or sell for its or their
own accounts or for any other client or account if, in the opinion of the Adviser, such transaction or investment appears unsuitable,
impractical or undesirable for the Fund. Nothing herein shall be construed as constituting the Adviser an agent of the Fund; and

(b)the Adviser and its affiliates may face conflicts of interest as described in the Funds private placement memorandum and/or
the Funds periodic filings with the SEC (as such disclosures may be updated from time to time) and such disclosures have been provided,
and any updates will be provided, to the Board of Trustees in connection with its consideration of this Agreement and any future renewal
of this Agreement.

8.Limitation of Liability.

(a)The Adviser and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity
affiliated with it (the Indemnified Parties) shall not be liable for any error of judgment or mistake of law or for
any act or omission or any loss suffered by the Fund in connection with the matters to which this Agreement relates, provided that the
Adviser shall not be protected against any liability to the Fund or its shareholders to which the Adviser would otherwise be subject by
reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence on its part in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless
disregard of its duties and obligations (disabling conduct). An Indemnified Party may consult with counsel and accountants
in respect of the Funds affairs and shall be fully protected and justified in any action or inaction which is taken in accordance
with the advice or opinion of such counsel and accountants; provided, that such counsel or accountants were selected with reasonable care.
Absent disabling conduct, the Fund will indemnify the Indemnified Parties against, and hold them harmless from, any damages, liabilities,
costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of
the Advisers services under this Agreement or otherwise as adviser for the Fund. The Indemnified Parties shall not be liable under
this Agreement or otherwise for any loss due to the mistake, action, inaction, negligence, dishonesty, fraud or bad faith of any broker
or other agent; provided, that such broker or other agent shall have been selected, engaged or retained and monitored by the Adviser in
good faith, unless such action or inaction was made by reason of disabling conduct, or in the case of a criminal action or proceeding,
where the Adviser had reasonable cause to believe its conduct was unlawful.

(b)Indemnification shall be made only following: (i) a final decision on the merits by a court or other body before which the proceeding
was brought that the Indemnified Party was not liable by reason of disabling conduct or (ii) in the absence of such a decision, a reasonable
determination, based upon a review of the facts, that the Indemnified Party was not liable by reason of disabling conduct by (a) the vote
of a majority of a quorum of trustees of the Fund who are neither interested persons of the Fund nor parties to the proceeding
(disinterested non-party trustees) or (b) an independent legal counsel in a written opinion.

(c)An Indemnified Party shall be entitled to advances from the Fund for payment of the reasonable expenses (including reasonable counsel
fees and expenses) incurred by it in connection with the matter as to which it is seeking indemnification in the manner and to the fullest
extent permissible under law. Prior to any such advance, the Indemnified Party shall provide to

8

the Fund a written affirmation of its good
faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Fund has been met and a written undertaking to repay any
such advance if it should ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not been met. In addition, at least one of the following
additional conditions shall be met: (a) the Indemnified Party shall provide a security in form and amount acceptable to the Fund for its
undertaking; (b) the Fund is insured against losses arising by reason of the advance; or (c) a majority of a quorum of disinterested non-party
trustees or independent legal counsel, in a written opinion, shall have determined, based on a review of facts readily available to the
Fund at the time the advance is proposed to be made, that there is reason to believe that the Indemnified Party will ultimately be found
to be entitled to indemnification.

9.Duration and Termination.

(a)This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written above. This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without
the payment of any penalty, (i) by the Fund upon 60 days prior written notice to the Adviser: (A) upon the vote of a majority
of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) or (B) by the vote of the Independent
Directors; or (ii) by the Adviser upon not less than 60 days prior written notice to the Fund. The provisions of Section 8 of this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the Adviser shall remain entitled to the benefits thereof, notwithstanding any termination
of this Agreement. Further, notwithstanding the termination or expiration of this Agreement as aforesaid, the Adviser shall be entitled
to any amounts owed under Sections 2 or 5 through the date of termination or expiration, and Section 8 shall continue in force and effect
and apply to the Adviser and its representatives as and to the extent applicable.

(b)Once effective, this Agreement shall remain in effect for two years, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive
one-year periods; provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by: (i) the vote of the Board, or by the vote
of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (ii) the vote of a majority of the Independent Directors, in accordance
with the requirements of the 1940 Act.

(c)This Agreement shall automatically terminate in the event of its assignment (as such term is defined for purposes
of Section 15(a)(4) of the 1940 Act).

10.Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware,
provided, however, that nothing herein shall be construed as being inconsistent with the 1940 Act.

11.Notices. Any notice hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, by electronic mail, by overnight courier
or by registered mail, return receipt requested, and sent to the appropriate address set forth below or to such other address as either
party may give written notice of to the other. Unless specifically provided elsewhere, notice given as provided above shall be deemed
to have been given, if by personal delivery, on the day of such delivery, or if by electronic mail, overnight courier or registered mail,
on the date on which such communication is sent.

If to the Fund:

9

BIP Ventures Evergreen BDC

c/o BIP Capital, LLC

3575 Piedmont Road NE

Building 15, Suite 730,

Atlanta, Georgia 30305

Attn: Mark Buffington

If to the Adviser:

BIP Capital, LLC

3575 Piedmont Road NE

Building 15, Suite 730,

Atlanta, Georgia 30305

Attn: Mark Buffington

12.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original,
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

(Signature Page Follows.)

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties have executed this Agreement by their representatives thereunto duly authorized, as of the day and year first above written.

Fund:

BIP VENTURES EVERGREEN BDC

By: /s/ Mark Buffington 

Name: Mark Buffington

Title: CEO and Chairman of the Board of Trustees

Adviser:

BIP CAPITAL, LLC

By: /s/ Mark Buffington 

Name: Mark Buffington

Title: Managing Partner

11

Schedule A

Election
to Include in Gross Income in Year

of Transfer Pursuant to Section 83(b)

of the Internal Revenue Code

The undersigned hereby
makes an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to the property described below and supplies the
following information in accordance with the regulations promulgated thereunder:

1.Name and address: 

BIP Capital, LLC

[ADDRESS]

[EIN]:
___________________

2.Description of the property to which the election is being made:

Entitlement to an incentive allocation
in BIP Ventures Evergreen BDC, a Delaware statutory trust (the Company).

3.The date on which the property was transferred is January 1, 2025. The taxable year to which this
election relates is calendar year 2025.

4.Nature of the restrictions to which the property is subject:

The incentive allocation is subject to
transfer restrictions.

5.The fair market value of the incentive allocation at the time of transfer (determined without regard
to any restriction other than restrictions which by their terms will never lapse) was zero dollars ($0).

6.Taxpayers consideration paid for said property was zero dollars ($0).

7.The amount to include in gross income of taxpayer is zero dollars ($0).

8.A copy of this statement has been furnished to the Company and each other person to whom a copy is
required to be furnished pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.83-2(d).

The undersigned taxpayer (or their beneficial
owner or a member thereof) is the person performing the services in connection with which the property that was transferred.

Dated: ___________, 202_ 

BIP CAPITAL, LLC

BY: 

TITLE: 

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bipventures-20250101.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bipventures-20250101_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bipventures-20250101_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 01, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 000-56550

Entity Registrant Name BIP Ventures Evergreen BDC

Entity Central Index Key 0001950572

Entity Tax Identification Number 93-6632897

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3575 Piedmont Rd NE

Entity Address, Address Line Two Building 15

Entity Address, Address Line Three Suite 730

Entity Address, City or Town Atlanta

Entity Address, State or Province GA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 30305

City Area Code (404)

Local Phone Number 410-6476

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://bipventures/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bipventures-20250101.xsd 
bipventures-20250101_lab.xml 
bipventures-20250101_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001580642-25-000020-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001950572 

2025-01-01 
2025-01-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001950572 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-01 
BIP Ventures Evergreen BDC 
DE 
000-56550 
93-6632897 
3575 Piedmont Rd NE 
Building 15 
Suite 730 
Atlanta 
GA 
30305 
(404) 
410-6476 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>