<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001477932-25-000965.txt : 20250214
<SEC-HEADER>0001477932-25-000965.hdr.sgml : 20250214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250214060059
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-25-000965
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		27
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250212
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Maywood Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002028355
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42518
		FILM NUMBER:		25622782

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		GENESIS BUILDING, 5TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		GENESIS CLOSE PO BOX 446
		CITY:			CAYMAN ISLANDS
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(702) 781-1120

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		GENESIS BUILDING, 5TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		GENESIS CLOSE PO BOX 446
		CITY:			CAYMAN ISLANDS
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1106
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>mayau_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?mayau_8k.htm

0002028355false00020283552025-02-122025-02-120002028355mayau:ClassAordinaryshareUnitsMember2025-02-122025-02-120002028355mayau:ClassAOrdinarySharesMember2025-02-122025-02-120002028355mayau:ClassAordinaryshareRightsMember2025-02-122025-02-12iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 12, 2025

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Cayman Islands 

001-42518 

N/A

(State or Other Jurisdiction 

(Commission 

(IRS Employer

of Incorporation) 

File Number) 

Identification No.)

418 Broadway, #6441

Albany, NY12207

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(718) 974-6945

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e 4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right 

MAYAU 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

MAYA 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights, each entitling the holder to one-fifth of one Class A ordinary share upon the completion of the Companys initial business combination 

MAYAR 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 12, 2025, the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-284082) (the Registration Statement) relating to the initial public offering of units of Maywood Acquisition Corp. (the Company) was declared effective.

On February 12, 2025, the Company entered into various agreements filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement. The Company also adopted an amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The material terms of such agreements and the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are fully described in the Companys final prospectus, dated February 12, 2025, as filed with the SEC on February 13, 2025. This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed solely to file such executed agreements and amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which are affixed as exhibits hereto.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statement and Exhibits.

(d) 

Exhibits:

Exhibit 

Description

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement between the Company, Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, and Seaport Global Securities LLC, as representatives of the underwriters.

3.1 

Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.

4.1 

Rights Agreement between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.

10.2 

Investment Management Trust Agreement between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.

10.3 

Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and certain security holders.

10.4 

Administrative Services Agreement.

10.5 

Form of Indemnification Agreement.

10.6 

Insider Letter.

10.7 

Sponsor Note

10.8 

Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement with Sponsor

10.9 

Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement with Underwriters

99.1 

Press Release.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. 

Dated: February 14, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Zikang Wu 

Name: 

Zikang Wu 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>mayau_ex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
mayau_ex11.htm

EXHIBIT 1.1

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP.

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

February 12, 2025

Cohen & Company Capital Markets,

a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC

3 Columbus Circle, 24th Floor

New York, NY 10019

Seaport Global Securities LLC

360 Madison Avenue

22nd Floor

New York, NY 10017

As Representatives of the Underwriters

named on Schedule Ahereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Maywood Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement with Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (CCM) and Seaport Global Securities LLC (Seaport and collectively with CCM, Representatives and each, a Representative) and with the other underwriters named on Schedule A hereto (if any), for which the Representatives are acting as representatives (the Representatives and such other underwriters being collectively referred to herein as the Underwriters or, each underwriter individually, an Underwriter, provided that, if only the Representatives are listed on such Schedule A, any references to Underwriters shall refer exclusively to the Representatives) as follows:

1. Purchase and Sale of Securities.

1.1 Firm Securities.

1.1.1 Purchase of Firm Units. On the basis of the representations and warranties contained herein, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, and the Underwriters agree to purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 7,500,000 units (the Firm Units) of the Company, as set forth opposite the respective names of the Underwriters on Schedule A hereto, at a purchase price (net of discounts and commissions (including the Deferred Underwriting Commission described in Section 1.3 below)) of $9.35 per Firm Unit. The Firm Units are to be offered initially to the public (the Offering) at the offering price of $10.00 per Firm Unit. Each Firm Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share (Ordinary Shares), $0.0001 par value, of the Company (Public Shares) and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one Ordinary Share (the Rights) upon the consummation by the Company of a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination) pursuant to the Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.23). The Ordinary Shares and the Rights included in the Firm Units will trade separately on the fifty-second (52nd) day following the date hereof (or if such date is not a Business Day (as defined in Section 1.1.2), the following Business Day) unless the Representatives determine to allow earlier separate trading. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, in no event will the Ordinary Shares and the Rights included in the Firm Units trade separately until (i) the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a Current Report on Form 8-K that includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the Companys receipt of the gross proceeds of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement (as defined in Section 1.4.2) and updated financial information with respect to any proceeds the Company receives from the exercise of the Over-allotment Option (as defined in Section 1.2.1) if such option is exercised prior to the filing of the Current Report on Form 8-K, and (ii) the Company has issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin.

1

1.1.2 Payment and Delivery. Delivery and payment for the Firm Units shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st) Business Day (as defined below) following the commencement of trading of the Units (as defined in Section 1.2.1), or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company, at the offices of Loeb & Loeb LLP, counsel to the Underwriters (Loeb), or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Units are called the Closing Date. Payment for the Firm Units shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows: $75,000,000 of the proceeds received by the Company for the Firm Units and the sale of the Placement Units (as defined in Section 1.4.2) shall be deposited in the trust account (the Trust Account) established by the Company for the benefit of the Public Shareholders (as defined below), as described in the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1) pursuant to the terms of an Investment Management Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement) between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (CST). The funds deposited in the Trust Account shall include an aggregate of $3,000,000 ($0.40 per Firm Unit), payable to the Representatives as Deferred Underwriting Commission in accordance with Section 1.3 hereof. The remaining proceeds (less commissions and actual expense payments or other fees payable pursuant to this Agreement), if any, shall be paid to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Representatives of certificates (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives) representing the Firm Units (or through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Units shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representatives may request in writing at least two (2) full Business Days prior to the Closing Date. If delivery is not made through the facilities of DTC, the Company will permit the Representatives to examine and package the Firm Units for delivery, at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver any of the Firm Units except upon tender of payment by the Representatives for all the Firm Units. As used herein, the term Public Shareholders means the holders of Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units (as defined in Section 1.2.1) in the Offering or acquired in the aftermarket, including the Sponsor (as defined in Section 1.4.1) and any officer or director of the Company, to the extent, he, she or it acquires such Ordinary Shares in the aftermarket (and solely with respect to such Ordinary Shares). Business Day shall mean any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the City of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

2

1.2 Over-Allotment Option.

1.2.1 Option Units. The Representatives are hereby granted an option (the Over-allotment Option) to purchase up to an additional 1,125,000 units (the Option Units) for the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall be identical in all respects to the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall be purchased for each account of the several Underwriters in the same proportion as the number of Firm Units, set forth opposite such Underwriters name on Schedule A hereto, bears to the total number of Firm Units (subject to adjustment by the Representatives to eliminate fractions). The Firm Units and the Option Units are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Units, and the Units, the Ordinary Shares and the Rights included in the Units, and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Rights are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Public Securities. No Option Units shall be sold or delivered unless the Firm Units previously have been, or simultaneously are, sold and delivered. The right to purchase the Option Units, or any portion thereof, may be exercised from time to time and to the extent not previously exercised may be surrendered and terminated at any time upon notice by the Representatives to the Company. The purchase price to be paid for each Option Unit will be the same price per Firm Unit set forth in Section 1.1.1 hereof.

1.2.2 Exercise of Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representatives as to all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Units within forty-five (45) days after the effective date (Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof). The Underwriters will not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Units prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice to the Company by the Representatives, which must be confirmed in accordance with Section 9.1 herein setting forth the number of Option Units to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Units (the Option Closing Date), which will not be later than five (5) full Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time and in such other manner as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representatives, at the offices of Loeb or at such other place (including remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representatives. If such delivery and payment for the Option Units does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Underwriters, and, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option Units specified in such notice.

3

1.2.3 Payment and Delivery. Payment for the Option Units shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows: $9.75 per Option Unit shall be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement upon delivery to the Representatives of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives) representing the Option Units (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Representatives. The amount to be deposited in the Trust Account will include $0.40 per Option Unit (up to $450,000), payable to the Representatives, as Deferred Underwriting Commission, in accordance with Section 1.3 hereof. The certificates representing the Option Units to be delivered will be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Representatives request in writing not less than two (2) full Business Days prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and will be made available to the Representatives for inspection, checking and packaging at the aforesaid office of the Companys transfer agent or correspondent not less than one (1) full Business Day prior to such Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Units except upon tender of payment by the Representatives for applicable Option Units.

1.3 Deferred Underwriting Commission. The Representatives agree that 4.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Firm Units ($3,000,000) and the Option Units (up to $450,000), if any (collectively, the Deferred Underwriting Commission), will be deposited and held in the Trust Account and payable directly from the Trust Account, without accrued interest, to the Representatives for their own account and the account of the Underwriters upon the consummation of a Business Combination; provided that such Deferred Underwriting Commission shall be due solely from amounts remaining in the Trust Account following all properly submitted shareholder redemptions in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination and less any funds required to be repaid by the combined company to non-redeeming shareholders following consummation of the Business Combination. The Trust Agreement shall provide that the trustee is required to obtain a written instruction signed by the Company and acknowledged by the Representatives with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account, including the payment of the Deferred Underwriting Commission from the Trust Account, prior to commencing any liquidation of the assets of the Trust Account in connection with the consummation of any Business Combination, and such provision of the Trust Agreement shall not be permitted to be amended without the prior written consent of the Representatives. In the event that the Company is unable to consummate a Business Combination and CST, as the trustee of the Trust Account (in this context, the Trustee), commences liquidation of the Trust Account as provided in the Trust Agreement, each Representative, on behalf of itself and the Underwriters, agrees that (i) it shall forfeit any rights or claims to the Deferred Underwriting Commission, including any accrued interest thereon; and (ii) the Deferred Underwriting Commission, together with all other amounts on deposit in the Trust Account, shall be distributed on a pro rata basis among the Public Shareholders. The Representatives shall have the right to agree to any further modifications to the Deferred Underwriting Commission on behalf of the Underwriters and any decisions relating to such modifications shall be made exclusively by the Representatives on behalf of the Underwriters. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligations of each Underwriter under this Agreement shall be fully satisfied upon the payment of the purchase price for the Public Securities purchased by such Underwriter on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date without any further conditions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each Underwriter may at any time prior to the consummation of a Business Combination and in its sole and absolute discretion, by written notice to the Company, elect to forfeit any right or claim to its Deferred Underwriting Commission, in which case the Company agrees to instruct the Trustee not to pay such Underwriter its Deferred Underwriting Commission upon the consummation of a Business Combination. For the avoidance of doubt, any such election by an Underwriter shall be without prejudice to any right or claim of any other Underwriter to its respective portion of the Deferred Underwriting Commission or to any other right such Underwriter may have under this Agreement.

4

1.4 Private Placements.

1.4.1 Founder Shares. On June 1, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of 8,050,000 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares) in a private placement exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), for a total subscription price of $25,000 to Maywood Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Sponsor). On December 19, 2024, the Sponsor forfeited an aggregate of 5,031,250 Founder Shares for no consideration, resulting in there being an aggregate of 3,018,750 Founder Shares outstanding. No underwriting discounts, commissions or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the purchase of Founder Shares. Except as described in the Registration Statement, none of the Founder Shares may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor until the earlier of (A) one (1) year following the completion of the Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to the completion of the Business Combination, the closing price of the Companys Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any twenty (20) trading days within any thirty (30)-trading day period commencing at least one hundred and fifty (150) days after the completion of the Business Combination and (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange its Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property. The holders of Founder Shares shall have no right to any liquidating distributions with respect to any portion of the Founder Shares in the event the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the period of time as provided in its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The holders of the Founder Shares shall not have redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares nor shall they have the right to sell such Founder Shares to the Company in any tender offer in connection with a proposed Business Combination. In the event that the Over-allotment Option is not exercised in full, the Sponsor will be required to forfeit such number of Founder Shares (up to 393,750 Founder Shares) such that the Founder Shares then outstanding will comprise approximately 26.0% of the issued and outstanding Public Shares after giving effect to the Offering and exercise, if any, of the Over-allotment Option (excluding the Placement Shares (as defined below) and any shares purchased in the Offering by the holders of the Founder Shares).

5

1.4.2 Unit Private Placement. Simultaneously with the Closing Date, the Sponsor and the Underwriters will purchase from the Company, pursuant to the Purchase Agreements (as defined in Section 2.21.3 hereof), an aggregate of 237,500 units (125,000 by the Sponsor and 112,500 by the Underwriters) (collectively, the BasePlacement Units), which units are substantially identical to the Firm Units, subject to certain exceptions, at a purchase price of $10.00 per unit, in a private placement intended to be exempt from registration under the Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. Simultaneously with the Option Closing Date (if any), the Underwriters will purchase from the Company, pursuant to the Underwriters Purchase Agreement, up to an additional 28,125 units (collectively, the Option Placement Units and, together with the Base Placement Units, the Placement Units). The purchase price for the Placement Units to be paid by the Sponsor has been delivered to the Trustee or counsel to the Company or the Representative to hold in a separate account at least 24 hours prior to the date hereof so that such funds are readily available to be delivered to the Trust Account on the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be. The Underwriters agree to purchase Placement Units consistent with their pro rata allocation of the Offering. The private placement of the Placement Units to the Sponsor and the Underwriters is referred to herein as the Unit Private Placement. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units shall be deposited into the Trust Account. None of the Placement Units (or underlying securities) may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor, the Underwriters or their permitted transferees until thirty (30) days after consummation of a Business Combination. The Underwriters acknowledge and agree that the Placement Units and the underlying securities acquired by the Underwriters pursuant to the Underwriters Purchase Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.3) will be deemed compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and will therefore be subject to lock-up, in addition to the restrictions on transfer set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, for a period of one hundred and eighty (180) days immediately following the commencement of sales of the Offering, subject to certain limited exceptions, pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). Accordingly, the Placement Units and the underlying securities acquired by the Underwriters pursuant to the Underwriters Purchase Agreement may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated nor may they be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for one hundred and eighty (180) days immediately following the commencement of sales of the Offering, except to any FINRA member participating in the Offering and the officers, partners, registered persons or affiliates thereof, if all securities so transferred remain subject to the lock-up restriction for the remainder of the time period.

1.4.3 The Placement Units, the Ordinary Shares (the Placement Shares) and the Rights (the Placement Rights) underlying the Placement Units, and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Placement Rights are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Placement Securities. No underwriting discounts, commissions, or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the Placement Securities sold in the Unit Private Placement. The Placement Units are identical to the Firm Units except that (i) none of the Placement Units will be transferable, assignable or salable until thirty (30) days after the consummation of a Business Combination except to permitted transferees and (ii) will be entitled to registration rights. The Public Securities, the Placement Securities, and the Founder Shares are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Securities.

1.5 Working Capital. Upon consummation of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement, it is intended that approximately $305,000 of the proceeds from the Offering and the Unit Private Placement will be released to the Company and held outside of the Trust Account to fund the working capital requirements of the Company.

6

1.6 Interest Income. Prior to the Companys consummation of a Business Combination or the Companys liquidation, in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, (i) all amounts necessary to pay any taxes payable by the Company may be released to the Company and (ii) up to $100,000 may be released to the Company for liquidation and dissolution expenses, all as more fully described in the Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.1.1).

2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as follows:

2.1 Filing of Registration Statement.

2.1.1 Pursuant to the Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284082), including any related preliminary prospectus (Preliminary Prospectus), including any prospectus that is included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, for the registration of the offer and sale of the Public Securities under the Act, which registration statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared by the Company in conformity with the requirements of the Act, and the rules and regulations (the Regulations) of the Commission under the Act. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the Commission on the Effective Date (including the prospectus, financial statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430A of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Registration Statement, and the form of the final prospectus dated the Effective Date included in the Registration Statement (or, if applicable, the form of final prospectus containing information permitted to be omitted at the time of effectiveness by Rule 430A of the Regulations, filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Prospectus. For purposes of this Agreement, Time of Sale, as used in the Act, means 4:35 p.m. New York City time, on the date of this Agreement. Prior to the Time of Sale, the Company prepared a Preliminary Prospectus, which was included in the Registration Statement filed on January 23, 2025, for distribution by the Underwriters (such Preliminary Prospectus used most recently prior to the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus). Unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to the term Registration Statement shall be deemed to include any Registration Statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Act registering additional securities (a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement). Other than a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement and the Form 8-A registration statement referred to below in Section 2.1.2, which, if filed, becomes effective upon filing, no other document with respect to the Registration Statement has been filed with the Commission. The offer and sale of all Public Securities have been registered under the Act pursuant to the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof. If, subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the Company or the Representatives determine that at the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits a statement of material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and the Company and the Representatives agree to provide an opportunity to purchasers of the Units to terminate their old purchase contracts and enter into new purchase contracts, then the Sale Preliminary Prospectus will be deemed to include any additional information available to purchasers at the time of entry into the first such new purchase contract.

7

2.1.2 Pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File Number 001-42518) providing for the registration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Units, the Public Shares and the Rights. The registration of the Units, Public Shares and Rights under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof and the Units, the Public Shares and the Rights have been registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

2.1.3 No Stop Orders, Etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any federal, state or other regulatory authority has issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus or any part thereof, or has instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

2.2 Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.2.1 10b-5 Representation. At the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the time of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement) and at all times subsequent thereto up to the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus contained and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations, and did or will, in all material respects, conform to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations. The Registration Statement, as of the Effective Date, did not, and on the Closing Date, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its date and the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, did not and will not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective dates, will not, include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Sale Preliminary Prospectus, as of the Time of Sale (or such subsequent Time of Sale pursuant to Section 2.1.1), did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. When any Preliminary Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary Prospectus was first filed with the Commission (whether filed as part of the Registration Statement for the registration of the Public Securities or any amendment thereto or pursuant to Rule 424(a) of the Regulations) and when any amendment thereof or supplement thereto was first filed with the Commission, such Preliminary Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and any amendments thereof and supplements thereto complied or will have been corrected in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus to comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Act and the Regulations and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The representation and warranty made in this Section 2.2.1 does not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Underwriters expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of the Underwriters consists solely of the following: the names of the Underwriters, the information with respect to dealers concessions and reallowances contained in the section entitled Underwriting, the information with respect to short positions and stabilizing transactions contained in the section entitled Underwriting, the information with respect to market making activities contained in the section entitled Underwriting, the information on selling restrictions in foreign jurisdictions contained in the section entitled Underwriting and the identity of counsel to the Underwriters contained in the section entitled Legal Matters (such information, collectively, the Underwriters Information).

8

2.2.2 Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus conform to the descriptions thereof contained therein in all material respects and there are no agreements or other documents required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which its property or business is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or attached as an exhibit thereto, or (ii) that is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in all material respects in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought, and no such agreement or instrument has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any other party is in breach or default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a breach or default thereunder. To the Companys knowledge, the performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

9

2.2.3 Prior Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company since the date of the Companys formation, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.2.4 Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, foreign, state and local regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

2.3 Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.3.1 No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein, (i) there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or business prospects of the Company, (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) no member of the Companys board of directors (the Board of Directors) or management has resigned from any position with the Company and (iv) no event or occurrence has taken place which materially impairs, or would likely materially impair, with the passage of time, the ability of the members of the Board of Directors or management to act in their capacities with the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.3.2 Recent Securities Transactions. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or therein, the Company has not (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its share capital.

2.4 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. To the Companys knowledge, Bush & Associates CPA LLC (Bush & Associates), whose report is filed with the Commission as part of, and is included in, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Act, the Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB), including the rules and regulations promulgated by such entity. To the Companys knowledge, Bush & Associates is currently registered with the PCAOB. Bush & Associates has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

10

2.5 Financial Statements; Statistical Data.

2.5.1 Financial Statements. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules (if any) included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly present the financial position, the results of operations and the cash flows of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved; and the supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly the information required to be stated therein in conformity with the Regulations. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus. The Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus disclose all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. There are no pro forma or as adjusted financial statements that are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus in accordance with Regulation S-X or Form 10 that have not been included as required.

2.5.2 Statistical Data. The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and/or the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate, and such data materially agree with the sources from which they are derived.

2.6 Authorized Capital; Options. The Company had at the date or dates indicated in each of the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus, as the case may be, duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date or on the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the adjusted share capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date and on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there will be no options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares or any security convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Ordinary Shares or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

11

2.7 Valid Issuance of Securities.

2.7.1 Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable (meaning that the holder thereof shall not, solely by virtue of its status as a shareholder, be liable for additional assessments or calls on such shares by the Company or its creditors (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstance in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil)); the holders thereof have no rights of rescission with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized and outstanding securities of the Company conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. All offers and sales and any transfers of the outstanding securities of the Company were at all relevant times either registered under the Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such securities, exempt from such registration requirements.

2.7.2 Securities Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Public Securities have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be validly issued, and the Ordinary Shares will be fully paid and non-assessable (meaning that the holder thereof shall not, solely by virtue of its status as a shareholder, be liable for additional assessments or calls on such shares by the Company or its creditors (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstance in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil)); the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Public Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Public Securities conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be. When paid for and issued, the Rights will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and type of securities of the Company called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof and such Rights are enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. The Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Rights have been reserved for issuance upon the conversion of the Rights and upon payment of the consideration therefor, and when issued and delivered in accordance with the terms thereof and such Ordinary Shares will be duly and validly authorized, validly issued and upon payment therefor, fully paid and non-assessable (meaning that the holder thereof shall not, solely by virtue of its status as a shareholder, be liable for additional assessments or calls on such shares by the Company or its creditors (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstance in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil)), and the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders.

12

2.7.3 Placement Securities. The Placement Securities have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in accordance with the Purchase Agreements, will be validly issued; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Placement Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Placement Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Placement Units constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and type of securities of the Company called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof, and are, or will be, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. The Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Placement Rights have been reserved for issuance and, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Placement Rights, will be duly and validly authorized, validly issued and upon payment therefor, fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders.

2.7.4 No Integration. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities which are required to be or may be integrated pursuant to the Act or the Regulations with the offer and sale of the Public Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or the Placement Securities in the Unit Private Placement.

2.8 Registration Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Act or to include any such securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.9 Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement, the Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.23), the Trust Agreement, the Services Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.4), the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.5) and the Purchase Agreements (collectively with this Agreement, the Transaction Documents), have been duly and validly authorized by the Company and, when executed and delivered, will constitute the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) with respect to this Agreement only, as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

13

2.10 No Conflicts, Etc. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, (i) result in a breach or violation of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is subject except pursuant to the Trust Agreement; (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as may be amended from time to time, of the Company (the Charter Documents); or (iii) violate any existing applicable statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties, assets or business constituted as of the date hereof.

2.11 No Defaults; Violations. No default or violation exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not in violation of any term or provision of its Charter Documents or in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties or businesses.

2.12 Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.12.1 Conduct of Business. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign, federal, state and local regulation on the Offering and the Companys business purpose as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Since its formation, the Company has conducted no business and has incurred no liabilities other than in connection with its formation or in furtherance of the Offering.

14

2.12.2 Transactions Contemplated Herein. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into the Transaction Documents and to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof and thereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection herewith and therewith have been obtained. No consent, authorization, or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body, foreign or domestic, is required for the valid issuance, sale and delivery, of the Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by the Transaction Documents and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable foreign, federal and state securities laws, the rules of The Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq) and the rules and regulations promulgated by FINRA.

2.12.3 Jurisdiction and Designation. The Company has the power to submit, and pursuant to Section 9.7 of this Agreement has, to the extent permitted by law, legal, validly, effectively and irrevocably submitted, to the jurisdiction of any New York State or United States Federal court sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan.

2.13 D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, all information contained in the questionnaires (Questionnaires) completed by each of the Companys officers, directors and the Sponsor (together with the Sponsor, the Insiders) and provided to the Representatives and their counsel and the biographies of the Insiders and other persons contained in the Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus (to the extent a biography is contained) is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires completed by each Insider to become inaccurate, incorrect or incomplete.

2.14 Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding pending, or to the Companys knowledge, threatened against or involving the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider or any shareholder or member of an Insider that has not been disclosed, that is required to be disclosed, in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Questionnaires.

2.15 Good Standing. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would not have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, assets, prospects, business, operations or properties of the Company, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Effect).

2.16 No Contemplation of a Business Combination. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has not selected any Business Combination target (each a Target Business) and it has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly with any Target Business regarding a Business Combination with the Company.

15

2.17 Transactions Requiring Disclosure to FINRA.

2.17.1 Finders Fees. There are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a brokerage commission or finders, consulting or origination fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider that may affect the Underwriters compensation, as determined by FINRA.

2.17.2 Payments Within 180 Days. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) to the Companys knowledge, any participating member, as defined in FINRA Rule 5110, with respect to the offering (Participating Member) within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing of the Registration Statement, other than the prior payments to the Representatives in connection with the Offering. The Company has not issued any warrants or other securities, or granted any options, directly or indirectly, to any Participating Member within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement. No person to whom securities of the Company have been privately issued within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement has any relationship or affiliation or association with any Participating Member. Except with respect to the Representatives in connection with the Offering, the Company has not entered into any agreement or arrangement (including, without limitation, any consulting agreement or any other type of agreement) during the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement with the Commission, which arrangement or agreement provides for the receipt of any underwriting compensation as defined in Rule 5110 of the FINRA Manual.

2.17.3 FINRA Affiliation. Except as disclosed in the FINRA Questionnaires provided to the Representatives, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities (whether debt or equity, registered or unregistered, regardless of the time acquired or the source from which derived) has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating Member (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA). The Company will advise the Representatives and Loeb if it learns that any officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a Participating Member.

2.17.4 Share Ownership. Except as disclosed in the FINRA Questionnaires provided to the Representatives, to the Companys knowledge, no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities is an owner of shares or other securities of any Participating Member (other than securities purchased on the open market).

2.17.5 Loans. To the Companys knowledge, no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities has made a subordinated loan to any Participating Member in the Offering.

16

2.17.6 Proceeds of the Offering. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, no proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities (excluding underwriting compensation) or the Placement Units, will be paid to any Participating Member, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.17.7 Conflicts of Interest. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no Participating Member in the Offering has a conflict of interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest exists when a member of FINRA and/or its associated persons, parent or affiliates in the aggregate beneficially own 10% or more of the Companys outstanding common equity or 10% or more of the Companys preferred equity.

2.18 Taxes.

2.18.1 There are no transfer taxes or other similar fees or charges under U.S. federal law or the laws of any U.S. state or any political subdivision of the United States, or under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, required to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance or sale by the Company of the Public Securities.

2.18.2 The Company has filed all U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S., tax returns required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the date hereof in a timely manner or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. The Company has paid all taxes shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on it and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, to the extent that any of the foregoing is due and payable, except in each case where the failure to file or pay, as applicable, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made appropriate provisions in the applicable financial statements referred to in Section 2.5.1 above in respect of all federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise taxes for all current or prior periods as to which the tax liability of the Company has not been finally determined.

2.19 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; Anti-Money Laundering; Patriot Act.

2.19.1 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of the Insiders or any other person acting on behalf of the Company has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding; (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Effect; or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business or operations of the Company. The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

17

2.19.2 Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with (i) the requirements of the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Asset Control and (ii) applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, including the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, as amended, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar money laundering statutes, rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Federal governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened.

2.19.3 Patriot Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider has violated the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended, or the Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001, and/or the rules and regulations promulgated under any such law, or any successor law.

2.20 Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company in connection with the Offering and delivered to the Representatives or to Loeb shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

2.21 Agreements with Insiders.

2.21.1 Insider Letter. The Company has caused to be duly executed a legally binding and enforceable agreement (except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification, contribution or non-compete provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought), a form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Insider Letter), pursuant to which each of the Insiders of the Company agree to certain matters. The Insider Letter shall not be amended, modified or otherwise changed without the prior written consent of the Representatives, which such consent shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld by the Representatives.

2.21.2 Sponsor Purchase Agreement. The Company and the Sponsor have executed and delivered a Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, the form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Sponsor Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor will, among other things, on the Closing Date consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price for the Placement Units to be sold to the Sponsor as provided in the Sponsor Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the Insider Letter, the Sponsor has waived any and all rights and claims it may have to any proceeds, and any interest thereon, held in the Trust Account in respect of the Placement Units. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units will be deposited by the Company in the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement on the Closing Date as provided for in the Sponsor Purchase Agreement.

18

2.21.3 Underwriters Purchase Agreement. The Company and the Underwriters have executed and delivered a Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, the form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Underwriters Purchase Agreement, and together with the Sponsor Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreements), pursuant to which the Underwriters will, among other things, on the Closing Date, consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price for the Placement Units to be sold to the Underwriters as provided in the Underwriters Purchase Agreement. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units will be deposited by the Company in the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement on the Closing Date as provided for in the Underwriters Purchase Agreement.

2.21.4 Administrative Services. The Company and the Sponsor have entered into an administrative services agreement (Services Agreement) substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement pursuant to which the Sponsor will make available to the Company office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support for $1,667 per month and the Company will reimburse the Sponsor for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing a Business Combination. Upon completion of the Business Combination, the Company will cease paying such monthly fees.

2.21.5 Registration Rights Agreement. The Company, the Sponsor and the Underwriters have entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (Registration Rights Agreement) substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, whereby such parties will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the securities they hold or may hold, as set forth in such Registration Rights Agreement and described more fully in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.21.6 Loans. The Sponsor has agreed to make loans to the Company in the aggregate amount of up to $300,000 (the Insider Loans) pursuant to a promissory note substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The Insider Loans do not bear any interest, are unsecured and are repayable by the Company on the consummation of the Offering.

2.22 Investment Management Trust Agreement. The Company has entered into the Trust Agreement with respect to certain proceeds of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.

19

2.23 Rights Agreement. The Company has entered into a rights agreement with CST with respect to the Rights included in the Units and the Placement Rights substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (Rights Agreement).

2.24 No Existing Non-Competition Agreements. No Insider is subject to any non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or prior employer which could materially affect his ability to be an employee, officer and/or director of the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.25 Investments. No more than 45% of the value (as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act)) of the Companys total assets (exclusive of cash items and Government Securities, as defined in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act) consist of, and no more than 45% of the Companys net income after taxes is derived from, securities other than Government Securities.

2.26 Investment Company Act. The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus will not be required, to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

2.27 Subsidiaries. The Company does not own an interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other business entity.

2.28 Related Party Transactions. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one hand, and any Insider, on the other hand, which is required by the Act, the Exchange Act or the Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus which is not so described as required. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business), or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension of credit, or renewed an extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director or officer of the Company.

2.29 No Influence. The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, the Firm Units to any person or entity with the intention of unlawfully influencing (a) a customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers or suppliers level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate or (b) a journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information about the Company or any such affiliate.

2.30 Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company is, and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (Sarbanes-Oxley), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules or regulations promulgated by any governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency, that are applicable to it as of the date hereof.

20

2.31 Distribution of Offering Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date and the completion of the distribution of the Units, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Units other than the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, in each case as supplemented and amended.

2.32 The Nasdaq Global Market. The Public Securities have been authorized for listing, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution, on the Nasdaq Global Market and the Company knows of no reason or set of facts that is likely to adversely affect such authorization prior to the Closing Date.

2.33 Board of Directors. As of the Effective Date, the Board of Directors of the Company will be comprised of the persons set forth as Directors or Director nominees under the heading of the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus captioned Management. As of the Effective Date, the qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board will comply with Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of Nasdaq that are, in each case, applicable to the Company. As of the Effective Date, the Company will have an Audit Committee that satisfies the applicable requirements under Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of Nasdaq, subject to the permitted phase-in requirements under the rules of Nasdaq.

2.34 Emerging Growth Company. From its formation through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

2.35 No Disqualification Events. Neither the Company, nor any of its predecessors or any affiliated issuer, nor any director, executive officer, or other officer of the Company participating in the Offering, nor any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, a Company Covered Person and, together, Company Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Underwriters a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

2.36 Free-Writing Prospectus and Testing-the-Waters. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405 under the Act. The Company: (a) has not engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent of the Representatives with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Act and (b) has not authorized anyone to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications other than its officers and the Representatives and individuals engaged by the Representatives. The Company has not distributed any written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule B hereto. Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Act.

21

2.37 No Fee Arrangements. As of the date hereof, the Company has not entered into any agreement, written or oral, pursuant to which the Company will be obligated to pay any Insider or an affiliate of any Insider a consulting, finder or success fees for assisting the Company in consummating a Business Combination.

2.38 Dividends and Distributions. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, under current laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands and any political subdivision thereof, all dividends and other distributions declared and payable on the Securities may be paid by the Company to the holder thereof in United States dollars. No taxes, fees or charges (other than stamp duty) are payable (either by director assessment or withholding to the government or other taxing authority in the Cayman Islands under the laws of the Cayman Islands in respect of payments made to the holders of Securities.

3. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1 Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company will deliver to the Representatives, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and the Company shall not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Representatives reasonably objects in writing.

3.2 Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1 Compliance. During the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Act, the Regulations, and the Exchange Act, and by the regulations under the Exchange Act, as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Securities in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating to the Securities is required to be delivered under the Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with the Act, the Company will notify the Representatives promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3.1 hereof, an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Act.

22

3.2.2 Filing of Final Prospectus. The Company will file the Prospectus (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters) with the Commission pursuant to the requirements of Rule 424 of the Regulations.

3.2.3 Exchange Act Registration. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the registration of the Public Securities under the provisions of the Exchange Act (except in connection with a going-private transaction) for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date, or until the Company is required to be liquidated or is acquired, if earlier. The Company will not deregister the Ordinary Shares (or Rights prior to consummation of a Business Combination) under the Exchange Act (except in connection with a going private transaction after the completion of a Business Combination) without the prior written consent of the Representatives.

3.2.4 Exchange Act Filings. From the Effective Date until the earlier of the Companys initial Business Combination, or its liquidation and dissolution, the Company shall timely file with the Commission via the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR) such statements and reports as are required to be filed by a company registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

3.2.5 Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance. As soon as it is legally required to do so, the Company shall take all actions necessary to obtain and thereafter maintain material compliance with each applicable provision of Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules and regulations promulgated by any other governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency with jurisdiction over the Company.

3.3 Free-Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that it will not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405 under the Act, without the prior consent of the Underwriters.

3.4 Delivery to Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge and from time to time during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act or the Exchange Act, such number of copies of each of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request and, as soon as the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto becomes effective, deliver to the Underwriters, upon their request, two manually executed Registration Statements, including exhibits, and all post-effective amendments thereto and copies of all exhibits filed therewith or incorporated therein by reference and all manually executed consents of certified experts.

3.5 Effectiveness and Events Requiring Notice to the Representatives. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement to remain effective and will notify the Representatives immediately and confirm the notice in writing (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any foreign or state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event that, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, and in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any foreign or state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

23

3.6 Affiliated Transactions.

3.6.1 Business Combinations. The Company will not consummate a Business Combination with any entity that is affiliated with any Insider unless (i) the Company, or a committee of its independent and disinterested directors, obtains an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or from an independent accounting firm that commonly renders valuation opinions that the Business Combination is fair to the Companys shareholders from a financial point of view and (ii) a majority of the Companys disinterested and independent directors (if there are any) approve such transaction.

3.6.2 Compensation to Insiders. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, the Company shall not pay any of the Insiders or any of their affiliates any fees or compensation from the Company, for services rendered to the Company prior to, or in connection with, the consummation of a Business Combination.

3.7 [Reserved.]

3.8 Reports to the Representatives. For a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated or is no longer required to file reports under the Exchange Act, the Company will furnish to the Representatives and their counsel copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally to holders of any class of its securities, and promptly furnish to the Underwriters (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company shall be required to file with the Commission, (ii) a copy of every press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs that was released by the Company, (iii) a copy of each Current Report on Form 8-K or Schedules 13D, 13G, 14D-1 or 13E-4 received or prepared by the Company, (iv) two (2) copies of each registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission under the Act, and (v) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representatives may from time to time reasonably request; provided the Representatives shall sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Representatives and their counsel in connection with the Representatives receipt of such information. Documents filed or furnished with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representatives pursuant to this Section.

24

3.9 Transfer Agent. For a period of five (5) years following the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain a transfer agent and rights agent reasonably acceptable to the Representatives. CST is acceptable to the Underwriters.

3.10 Payment of Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all Company expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including but not limited to (i) the Companys legal and accounting fees and disbursements; (ii) the preparation, printing, filing, mailing and delivery (including the payment of postage with respect to such mailing) of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, including any pre- or post-effective amendments or supplements thereto, and the printing and mailing of this Agreement and related documents, including the cost of all copies thereof and any amendments thereof or supplements thereto supplied to the Underwriters in quantities as may be required by the Underwriters; (iii) fees incurred in connection with conducting background checks of the Companys management team, up to a maximum of $3,000 per person; (iv) the preparation, printing, engraving, issuance and delivery of the Units, the Ordinary Shares and the Rights included in the Units, including any transfer or other taxes payable thereon; (v) filing fees incurred in registering the Offering with FINRA and the reasonable fees of counsel of the Underwriters (such legal fees not to exceed $15,000) in connection therewith and including, without limitation, fees associated with qualifying the Offering under the Blue Sky laws of any states specified by the Representatives; (vi) fees, costs and expenses incurred in listing the Securities on the Nasdaq Global Market or such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Underwriters together determine; (vii) all fees and disbursements of the transfer and rights agent; (viii) all of the Companys expenses associated with due diligence and road show meetings arranged by the Representatives and any presentations made available by way of a net roadshow, including without limitation, trips for the Companys management to meet with prospective investors, all travel, food and lodging expenses associated with such trips incurred by the Company or such management; and (ix) all other costs and expenses customarily borne by an issuer incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder which are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section 3.10, provided that the expenses reimbursed to the Underwriters shall not exceed $10,000 in the aggregate. If the Offering is consummated, the Representatives may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date the expenses set forth above (which shall be mutually agreed upon between the Company and the Representatives prior to the Closing Date) to be paid by the Company to the Representatives and others. In addition, the Company hereby also agrees to pay, promptly upon the request of the Representatives, up to $125,000 of the reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by any of the Underwriters which are associated with any Business Combination marketing activities or capital markets advisory activities undertaken by any of the Underwriters at the request of the Company (such activities, Business Combination Services and such Underwriters, Business Combination Advisors). If the Offering is not consummated for any reason (other than a breach by the Representatives of any of its obligations hereunder), then the Company shall reimburse the Representatives in full for their reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters related to FINRA matters.

25

3.11 Application of Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering and the Unit Private Placement received by it in a manner consistent in all material respects with the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

3.12 Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable an earnings statement (which need not be certified by an independent registered public accounting firm unless required by the Act or the Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive months beginning after the Effective Date.

3.13 Notice to FINRA.

3.13.1 Notice to the Representatives. For a period of sixty (60) days after the date of the Prospectus, in the event any person or entity (regardless of any FINRA affiliation or association) is engaged, in writing, to assist the Company in its search for a Target Business or to provide any other services in connection therewith, the Company will provide the following to the Representatives prior to the consummation of the Business Combination: (i) complete details of all services and copies of agreements governing such services, and (ii) justification as to why the person or entity providing the merger and acquisition services should not be considered a Participating Member with respect to the Offering, as such term is defined in Rule 5110 of the FINRA Manual. The Company also agrees that, if required by law, proper disclosure of such arrangement or potential arrangement will be made in the tender offer documents or proxy statement which the Company will file with the Commission in connection with the Business Combination.

3.13.2 FINRA. The Company shall advise the Representatives if it is aware that any 10% or greater shareholder of the Company becomes an affiliate or associated person of a Participating Member.

3.13.3 Broker/Dealer. In the event the Company intends to register as a broker/dealer, merge with or acquire a registered broker/dealer, or otherwise become a member of FINRA, it shall promptly notify FINRA.

3.14 Stabilization. Neither the Company, nor to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without the consent of the Representatives) has taken and the Company will not take, and has directed its employees, directors or shareholders to not take, directly or indirectly, any action without the consent of the Representatives that is designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Units.

26

3.15 Existing Lock-Up Agreement. The Company will use its best efforts to enforce all existing agreements between the Company and any of its security holders that prohibit the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or hypothecation of any of the Securities in connection with the Offering. In addition, the Company will direct the Companys transfer agent to place stop transfer restrictions upon any such Securities of the Company that are bound by such existing lock-up agreements for the duration of the periods contemplated in such agreements.

3.16 Payment of Deferred Underwriting Commission on Business Combination. Upon the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company agrees that it will cause the Trustee to pay the Deferred Underwriting Commission directly from the Trust Account to the Underwriters, in accordance with Section 1.3.

3.17 Internal Controls. The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

3.18 Accounting Firm. Until the earlier of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain Bush & Associates or another independent registered public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Representatives.

3.19 Form 8-K. The Company shall, on or prior to the date hereof, retain its independent registered public accounting firm to audit the balance sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (Audited Financial Statements) reflecting the receipt by the Company of the proceeds of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement. Within four (4) Business Days after the Closing Date, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which Report shall contain the Companys Audited Financial Statements. Promptly after the Option Closing Date, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised after the Closing Date, the Company shall file with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K or an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of such option.

3.20 Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters necessary to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been done to the reasonable satisfaction to the Representatives and Loeb.

27

3.21 Investment Company. The Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering to be held in the Trust Account to be invested only as provided for in the Trust Agreement and disclosed in the Prospectus. The Company will conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become subject to the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, once the Company consummates a Business Combination, it shall be engaged in a business other than that of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading securities.

3.22 Amendments to Charter Documents. The Company covenants and agrees, that prior to its initial Business Combination it will not seek to amend or modify its Charter Documents, except in accordance with the procedures set forth therein.

3.23 Press Releases. The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld), for a period of twenty-five (25) days after the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be prohibited from issuing any press releases or engaging in any other publicity required by law, except that including the name of any Underwriter therein shall require the prior written consent of such Underwriter.

3.24 Insurance. Until the earlier of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated, the Company will maintain directors and officers insurance (including, without limitation, insurance covering the Company, its directors and officers for liabilities or losses arising in connection with the Offering, including, without limitation, liabilities or losses arising under the Act, the Exchange Act, the Regulations and any applicable foreign securities laws).

3.25 Electronic Prospectus. The Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Underwriters, at the Companys expense, promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days from the effective date of this Agreement, an Electronic Prospectus to be used by the Underwriters in connection with the Offering. As used herein, the term Electronic Prospectus means a form of prospectus, and any amendment or supplement thereto, that meets each of the following conditions: (i) it shall be encoded in an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representatives, that may be transmitted electronically by the Underwriters to offerees and purchasers of the Units for at least the period during which a prospectus relating to the Units is required to be delivered under the Act; (ii) it shall disclose the same information as the paper prospectus and prospectus filed pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent that graphic and image material cannot be disseminated electronically, in which case such graphic and image material shall be replaced in the electronic prospectus with a fair and accurate narrative description or tabular representation of such material, as appropriate; and (iii) it shall be in or convertible into a paper format or an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representatives, that will allow recipients thereof to store and have continuously ready access to the prospectus at any future time, without charge to such recipients (other than any fee charged for subscription to the Internet as a whole and for on-line time).

3.26 Unit Private Placement Proceeds. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have caused the applicable proceeds from the Unit Private Placement to be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreements.

28

3.27 Future Financings. The Company agrees that neither it, nor any successor or subsidiary of the Company, will consummate any public or private equity or debt financing prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, unless all investors in such financing expressly waive, in writing, any rights in or claims against the Trust Account.

3.28 Amendments to Certain Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify or otherwise change the Insider Letter and the Trust Agreement without the prior written consent of the Representatives, which such consent shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld by the Representatives. The Trust Agreement shall provide that the trustee is required to obtain a joint written instruction signed by both the Company and the Representatives with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account from the Trust Account, prior to commencing any liquidation of the assets of the Trust Account in connection with the consummation of any Business Combination, and such provision of the Trust Agreement shall not be permitted to be amended without the prior written consent of the Representatives.

3.29 Maintenance of Listing on Nasdaq. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of the Public Securities on Nasdaq or a national securities exchange acceptable to the Representatives.

3.30 Reservation of Shares. The Company will reserve and keep available that maximum number of its authorized but unissued securities which are issuable (i) upon conversion of the Rights and Placement Rights outstanding from time to time and (ii) upon conversion of the Founder Shares.

3.31 Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Underwriters in writing, prior to the Closing Date, of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person.

3.32 Intentionally Omitted.

29

3.33 Business Combination Securities Disclosure Documents. If a Business Combination Advisor may be deemed, in its sole judgment, to be an underwriter of any securities issued pursuant to any registration statement or tender offer document filed with the Commission in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination by the Company, a Target Business or any direct or indirect parent or subsidiary of any of them (any such issuer or co-issuer, a Registrant, and any such securities, the Business Combination Securities), the Company shall provide or cause to be provided to such Business Combination Advisor information and access to all persons, properties and documents to the extent necessary for such Business Combination Advisor to complete a due diligence investigation sufficient (in the view of such Business Combination Advisor in its sole discretion) to provide such Business Combination Advisor with a reasonable due diligence defense in respect of any claims that could be brought against an underwriter of the applicable Business Combination Securities under federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, Section 11 of the Act. As used herein, the term reasonable due diligence means a reasonable investigation that provides the investigating person a reasonable ground to believe that at the time of the applicable offer, issuance or distribution of any Business Combination Securities, no registration statement, preliminary or final prospectus, proxy statement, tender offer document or offering memorandum, including, without limitation, any document incorporated by reference into any of the foregoing, or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing, or any other marketing document used by any Registrant, filed with or furnished by the Company to the Commission in connection with the Business Combination but excluding any filing under Rule 425 of the Act or Rule 14a-12 of the Exchange Act (each, a Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document), in each case relating to such offer, issuance or distribution, contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company agrees that it will provide to such Business Combination Advisor notice of each filing under Rule 425 of the Act or Rule 14a-12 of the Exchange Act and each other form of public communication about the Business Combination reasonably in advance of such filing or public communication. The Company further covenants that it will use its best efforts to ensure that any projections provided to such Business Combination Advisor by any Registrant or prepared by any Registrant or any representative of such Registrant (a Registrant Representative) and contained in any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document, in each case, at the time they were prepared, will have been prepared in good faith and will be based upon assumptions which, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, are reasonable.

3.34 Obligations in Connection with Business Combination. If requested in writing by a Business Combination Advisor, if it may be deemed, in its sole judgment, to be an underwriter of any Business Combination Securities, the following shall apply:

3.34.1 Prior to entering into any definitive agreement with respect to the Business Combination (or amendment thereto) and until such time as such Business Combination is consummated:

(a) The Company agrees to notify such Business Combination Advisor with respect to, and to permit such Business Combination Advisor, at its request, to participate in, all diligence sessions with any Registrant or any Registrant Representative and all drafting sessions in respect of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document.

(b) The Company shall provide drafts of all Business Combination Securities Disclosure Documents to such Business Combination Advisor and its legal counsel reasonably in advance of the filing by the Company (or, if such filing is to be made by a Registrant other than the Company, any filing which is required to be approved by the Company) of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document with the Commission or the circulation by any Registrant of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document to any prospective investor, sufficient to allow such Business Combination Advisor and its legal counsel to request changes determined by them to be reasonably necessary to such Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document before its filing or circulation. The Company shall not permit the filing with or furnishing to the Commission of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document without the consent of such Business Combination Advisor, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, delayed or conditioned.

30

3.34.2 Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, the Company agrees that such Business Combination Advisor shall have the right, in connection with its reasonable due diligence under Section 3.33, (i) to retain counsel and other consultants and experts as it may deem necessary or desirable in connection with its reasonable due diligence under Section 3.34.1 (it being understood that the retention of any such consultant or expert or other advisor, other than outside legal counsel, will be made with the prior written approval of the Company, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); (ii) to use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that each counsel to the Company and to any other Registrant provides customary legal opinions and negative assurance letters to such Business Combination Advisor dated as of (x) the date of effectiveness of the Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document, and (y) the date of the shareholder vote to approve the Business Combination, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Business Combination Advisor, (iii) to use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that each accounting firm or firms that were retained by the Company or by any other Registrant and that have audited any financial statements set forth in any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document provide customary comfort letters to such Business Combination Advisor dated as of (x) the date of effectiveness of the Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document, and (y) the date of the shareholder vote to approve the Business Combination; and (iv) to take and shall use its reasonable best efforts to take any other actions reasonably requested by such Business Combination Advisor.

3.34.3 In connection with the Business Combination, to the extent the Company retains an unaffiliated party (the Fairness Opinion Provider) to prepare a report and provide an opinion (the Fairness Opinion) concerning the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Business Combination to the Company and its unaffiliated shareholders, the Company shall, pursuant to, and in accordance with, applicable law, disclose in reasonable detail in a Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document the results of that report and, as necessary or appropriate, a copy of that report. Each Registrant shall provide the Fairness Opinion Provider with all information and access to persons and documents that the Fairness Opinion Provider deems reasonably necessary and appropriate in connection with the preparation of its Fairness Opinion.

3.34.4 Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company shall include in the definitive agreement for the Business Combination (i) a covenant for the assignment and assumption, by the public entity resulting from the initial Business Combination, of all of the Companys obligations hereunder and (ii) that such Business Combination Advisor may rely on the representations and warranties contained therein as if it were a party thereto. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that each Target Business in the Business Combination agrees to deliver to such Business Combination Advisor a certificate of an officer of such Target Business stating that to such officers knowledge the representations and warranties made by the Target Business in the definitive agreement for the Business Combination are true and correct as of the date of such certificate, subject to (i) a customary materiality standard, (ii) any applicable carve-out with reference to disclosure included in the Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document and (iii) required adjustments for such representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date. In addition, in connection with the Business Combination, the Company will, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause each Registrant to, comply in all material respects with (i) the obligations and covenants of the Company which relate to the period following the Business Combination Closing set forth in Sections 3 and 5 of this Agreement and (ii) all laws, rules and regulations applicable either to the Registrant and its business activities or to the Business Combination, as such laws, rules and regulations may be in effect at the time of the consummation of the Business Combination.

31

3.34.5 Nothing herein shall be deemed to require the Underwriters to limit their rights to compensation or to reimbursement of expenses without their express agreement or otherwise to assume any liability other than as may be expressly required under the Act.

3.34.6 The Company acknowledges and agrees that nothing in this Section 3.34 shall be interpreted to obligate the Underwriters to take any action, or to refrain from taking any action, in connection with the Business Combination and any such actions will be undertaken by each Underwriter, in respect of itself, in its sole discretion.

4. Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Units, as provided herein, shall be subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof and to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following conditions:

4.1 Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1 Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective not later than 4:00 p.m., New York time, on the date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representatives, and, at each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for the purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or contemplated by the Commission and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representatives and Loeb.

4.1.2 FINRA Clearance. By the Effective Date, the Underwriters shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3 No Blue Sky Stop Orders. No order suspending the sale of the Units in any jurisdiction designated by the Underwriters pursuant to Section 3.5 hereof shall have been issued on each of the Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, shall be contemplated.

4.1.4 No Commission Stop Order. At the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Commission has not issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any part thereof, and has not instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

32

4.1.5 Approval of Listing on Nasdaq. The Securities shall have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution, satisfactory evidence of which shall have been provided to the Representatives.

4.2 Company Counsel Matters.

4.2.1 Closing Date and Option Closing Date Opinions of Counsels. On the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinions and negative assurance statements of Graubard Miller and Nelsons, dated the Closing Date or each Option Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representatives as representatives for the several Underwriters and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives and Loeb. On the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion and negative assurance statement of Loeb, dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Representatives as representatives for the several Underwriters.

4.2.2 Reliance. In rendering such opinions, such counsels may rely as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions having custody of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements or certificates shall be delivered to the Representatives counsel if requested.

4.3 Comfort Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed, and at the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any, the Representatives shall have received a letter, addressed to the Representatives as representatives for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects (including the non-material nature of the changes or decreases, if any, referred to in Section 4.3.3 below) to the Representatives, from Bush & Associates dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any:

4.3.1 Confirming that they are an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Act and the applicable Regulations and that they have not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act;

4.3.2 Stating that in their opinion the financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the published Regulations thereunder;

33

4.3.3 Stating that, on the basis of their review, which included a reading of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements of the Company (with an indication of the date of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements), a reading of the latest available minutes of the shareholders and Board of Directors and the various committees of the Board of Directors, consultations with officers and other employees of the Company responsible for financial and accounting matters and other specified procedures and inquiries, nothing has come to their attention that would lead them to believe that (a) the unaudited financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus do not comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the Regulations or are not fairly presented in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis substantially consistent with that of the audited financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus; or (b) at a date not later than five (5) days prior to the Effective Date, Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there was any change in the share capital or long-term debt of the Company, or any decrease in the shareholders equity of the Company as compared with amounts shown in the most recent balance sheet included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, other than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus or, if there was any decrease, setting forth the amount of such decrease; and (c) during the period from the most recent balance sheet included in the Registration Statement to a specified date not later than five (5) days prior to the Effective Date, Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there was any decrease in revenues, net earnings or net earnings per Ordinary Share, in each case as compared with the corresponding period in the preceding year and as compared with the corresponding period in the preceding quarter, other than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, or, if there was any such decrease, setting forth the amount of such decrease;

4.3.4 Setting forth, at a date not later than five (5) days prior to the Effective Date, the amount of liabilities of the Company (including a break-down of commercial papers and notes payable to banks);

4.3.5 Stating that they have compared specific dollar amounts, numbers of shares, percentages of revenues and earnings, statements and other financial information pertaining to the Company set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus in each case to the extent that such amounts, numbers, percentages, statements and information may be derived from the general accounting records, including work sheets, of the Company and excluding any questions requiring an interpretation by legal counsel, with the results obtained from the application of specified readings, inquiries and other appropriate procedures (which procedures do not constitute an examination in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards) set forth in the letter and found them to be in agreement;

4.3.6 Stating that they have not, since the Companys incorporation, brought to the attention of the Companys management any reportable condition related to internal structure, design or operation as defined in the Statement on Auditing Standards No. 60 Communication of Internal Control Structure Related Matters Noted in an Audit, in the Companys internal controls; and

34

4.3.7 Statements as to such other matters incident to the transaction contemplated hereby as the Representatives or Loeb may reasonably request, including (i) that Bush & Associates is registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; (ii) that Bush & Associates has sufficient assets and insurance to pay for any liability incurred by it relating to providing the letter; and (iii) that Bush & Associates is not insolvent.

4.4 Officers Certificates.

4.4.1 Officers Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representatives shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer and the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company, or any similar or equivalent officer of the Company (in their capacities as such), dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively, to the effect that the Company has performed all covenants and complied with all conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Company prior to and as of the Closing Date, or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and that the conditions set forth in Section 4 hereof have been satisfied as of such date and that, as of Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof are true and correct. In addition, the Representatives will have received such other and further certificates of officers of the Company (in their capacities as such) as the Representatives may reasonably request.

4.4.2 Secretarys Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representatives shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company, or any similar or equivalent officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively, certifying (i) that the Charter Documents are true and complete, have not been modified and are in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the public offering contemplated by this Agreement are in full force and effect and have not been modified; (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Commission; (iv) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and Nasdaq; and (v) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

4.5 No Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, (i) there shall have been no material adverse change or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; (ii) no action suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before or by any court or federal, foreign or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, or financial condition or income of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened by the Commission; and (iv) the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

35

4.6 Delivery of Agreements. On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representatives executed copies of the Transaction Documents and all of the Insider Letters.

4.7 Unit Private Placement. On the Closing Date, the Unit Private Placement shall have been completed in accordance with Section 3.26.

4.8 Good Standing. The Representatives shall have received on and as of (i) the Effective Date, and (ii) the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, satisfactory evidence of the good standing of the Company in its jurisdiction of organization and its good standing in such other jurisdictions as the Representatives may reasonably request, in each case in writing or any standard form of telecommunication from the appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdictions.

5. Indemnification and Contribution.

5.1 Indemnification.

5.1.1 Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and their respective partners, members, directors, officers, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls each Underwriter or any affiliate within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person) as follows:

a. against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as reasonably incurred, joint or several, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, Sale Preliminary Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus or, in the event a Business Combination Advisor, in its sole judgment, may be deemed to be an underwriter of any Business Combination Securities, any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

36

b. against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as reasonably incurred, joint or several, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 5.1.4) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be delayed, conditioned or withheld;

c. against any and all claims, actions, suits, proceedings, damages, liabilities and expenses reasonably incurred by any of them (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), as incurred, that are related to or arise out of any business combination marketing or capital markets advisory activities by any Underwriter on the Companys behalf in connection with a Business Combination, provided that the Company will not, however, be responsible to an Indemnified Person for any portion of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding, damage, liability or expense that is finally judicially determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) to have resulted primarily and directly from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnified Person seeking such indemnification;

d. against any and all expense whatsoever (including the fees and disbursements of counsel), as reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission (whether or not a party), to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (a), (b) or (c) above; and

e. against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as reasonably incurred, joint or several, arising out of the Companys failure to provide any of the information and access to persons, properties and documents required to be provided under Section 3.33 hereof;

provided, however, that the foregoing agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made solely in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information (and, in connection with any Business Combination, similar information provided by or on behalf of the Business Combination Advisors expressly for use in any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document).

37

5.1.2 Indemnification of the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, and its directors, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in Section 5.1.1, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information.

5.1.3 Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 5.1 will, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party or parties under this Section 5.1, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from (i) any liability that it might have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 5.1 and (ii) any liability that it may have to any indemnified party under the foregoing provision of this Section 5.1 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results in the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent that it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the action from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of, the action, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any other legal expenses except as provided below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense. The indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (A) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party has been authorized in writing by the indemnifying party, (B) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party, (C) a conflict or potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party), or (D) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense of such action or counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, in each case, within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action; in each of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel will be at the expense of the indemnifying party or parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one separate firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction (plus local counsel) at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All such fees, disbursements and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly as they are incurred. An indemnifying party will not, in any event, be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 5 (whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (x) includes an express and unconditional release of each indemnified party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party, from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (y) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

38

5.1.4 Settlement Without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 5.1.1(b) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than forty-five (45) days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least thirty (30) days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

5.2 Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in the foregoing paragraphs of Section 5.1 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable or insufficient from the Company or the Underwriters, the Company and the Underwriters will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted) to which any indemnified party may be subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total compensation received by the Underwriters (before deducting expenses) from the sale of Units on behalf of the Company. If, but only if, the allocation provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution shall be made in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, with respect to the statements or omission that resulted in such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations with respect to such offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 5.2 were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.2 shall be deemed to include, for the purpose of this Section 5.2, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim to the extent consistent with Section 5.1.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 5.1 and this Section 5.2, each Underwriter shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the commissions actually received by it under this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 5.2, any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Act, any affiliates of the respective Underwriters and any officers, directors, partners, employees or agents of the Underwriters or their respective affiliates, will have the same rights to contribution as that party, and each director of the Company and each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim for contribution may be made under this Section 5.2, will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission to so notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation it or they may have under this Section 5.2 except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced the substantive rights or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the last sentence of Section 5.1.3, no party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled without its written consent if such consent is required pursuant to Section 5.1.3.

39

6. Default by an Underwriter.

6.1 Default Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase the Firm Units and if the number of the Firm Units with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm Units that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Units to which the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2 Default Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 above relates to more than 10% of the Firm Units, the Representatives may, in its discretion, arrange for it or for another party or parties satisfactory to the Company to purchase such Firm Units to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If within one (1) Business Day after such default relating to more than 10% of the Firm Units the Representatives do not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Units, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to the Representatives to purchase said Firm Units on such terms. In the event that neither the Representatives nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Units to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives or the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.10, 5, and 9.3 hereof) or the several Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other several Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

40

6.3 Postponement of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Units to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representatives or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, or in any other documents and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to, or to supplement, the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, that in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Underwriters may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party to this Agreement with respect to such securities.

7. Additional Covenants.

7.1 Additional Shares or Options. The Company hereby agrees that, until the consummation of a Business Combination, it shall not issue any Ordinary Shares or any options or other securities convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any preferred shares or other securities of the Company that participate in any manner in the Trust Account or that vote as a class with the Ordinary Shares on a Business Combination.

7.2 Trust Account Waiver Acknowledgments. The Company hereby agrees that it will use its reasonable best efforts prior to commencing its due diligence investigation of any prospective Target Business or obtaining the services of any vendor to have such Target Business and/or vendor acknowledge in writing whether through a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding or other similar document (and subsequently acknowledges the same in any definitive document replacing any of the foregoing), that (a) it has read the Prospectus and understands that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of $75,000,000 (without giving effect to any exercise of the Over-allotment Option) for the benefit of the Public Shareholders and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem Public Shares in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Charter Documents, or (iii) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination and (b) for and in consideration of the Company (i) agreeing to evaluate such Target Business for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with it or (ii) agreeing to engage the services of the vendor, as the case may be, such Target Business or vendor agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (Claim) and waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. The foregoing letters shall substantially be in the form attached hereto as Exhibits A and B, respectively. The Company may forego obtaining such waivers only if the Company shall have received the approval of its Chief Executive Officer and the approving vote of at least a majority of its Board of Directors.

41

7.3 Insider Letter. The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action which would cause a breach of the Insider Letter and will not allow any amendments to, or waivers of, such Insider Letter without the prior written consent of the Representatives, which consent shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld by the Representatives.

7.4 Rule 419. The Company agrees that it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the Company from becoming subject to Rule 419 under the Act prior to the consummation of any Business Combination, including but not limited to using its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent any of the Companys outstanding securities from being deemed to be a penny stock as defined in Rule 3a-51-1 under the Exchange Act during such period.

7.5 Emerging Growth Company. The Company shall promptly notify the Representatives if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any time prior to the completion of the distribution of the Securities within the meaning of the Act.

7.6 Target Net Assets. The Company agrees that the Target Business that it acquires must have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of signing the definitive agreement for the Business Combination with such Target Business (excluding taxes payable and the Deferred Underwriting Commission). The fair market value of such business must be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company based upon standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and book value. If the Board of Directors of the Company is not able to independently determine that the target business meets such fair market value requirement, the Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. The Company is not required to obtain an opinion as to the fair market value if the Companys Board of Directors independently determines that the Target Business does have sufficient fair market value, provided that the Target Business is not affiliated with an Insider.

7.7 Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery. Except as the context otherwise requires, all representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to be representations, warranties and agreements as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, and such representations, warranties and agreements of the Underwriters and the Company, including the indemnity agreements contained in Section 5 hereof, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Underwriters, the Company or any controlling person, and shall survive termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery of the Public Securities to the Underwriters until the earlier of the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations and the seventh (7th) anniversary of the later of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, at which time the representations, warranties and agreements shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.

42

7.8 Charter Documents. The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action that would cause the Company to be in breach or violation in any material respect of any of its Charter Documents.

8. Effective Date of This Agreement and Termination Thereof.

8.1 Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date at the time the Registration Statement is declared effective by the Commission.

8.2 Termination. The Representatives shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the Closing Date by notice given to the Company, (i) if any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives opinion will in the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), the NYSE American, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, or The Nasdaq Capital Market or quoted on the OTCBB shall have been suspended, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction; or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in existing major hostilities; or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State or Federal authority; or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities market; or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity (including, without limitation, a calamity relating to a public health matter or natural disaster) or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in the Representatives opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Units; or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder; or (viii) if the Representatives shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change in the conditions of the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions, including without limitation, as a result of terrorist activities or any other calamity (including, without limitation, a calamity relating to a public health matter or natural disaster) or crisis either within or outside the United States after the date hereof, or an increase in any of the foregoing, as in the Representatives judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Units or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities.

8.3 Expenses. In the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason other than solely because of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 6 hereof, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, (i) the obligations of the Company to pay the out of pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein shall be governed by Section 3.10 hereof and (ii) the Company shall reimburse the Representatives for any costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcing any provisions of this Agreement.

43

8.4 Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall not be in any way affected by such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

9. Miscellaneous.

9.1 Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed, delivered by hand or reputable overnight courier or delivered by facsimile or electronic transmission (with printed confirmation of receipt) and confirmed and shall be deemed given when so mailed, delivered or faxed or if mailed, two days after such mailing.

If to the Representatives:

Cohen & Company Capital Markets,

a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC

3 Columbus Circle, 24th Floor

New York, NY 10019

Attn: General Counsel

Email: gc@cohenandcompany.com

Seaport Global Securities LLC

360 Madison Avenue, 22nd Floor

New York, NY 10017

Attn: Jack Mascone

Email: jmascone@seaportglobal.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154

Tel: (212) 407-4000

Attn: Mitchell S. Nussbaum, Esq. and David J. Levine, Esq.

Email: mnussbaum@loeb.com; dlevine@loeb.com

If to the Company:

Maywood Acquisition Corp.

418 Broadway, #6441

Albany, NY 12207

Attention: Zikang Wu

Email: zed@maywoodacq.com

44

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Graubard Miller

405 Lexington Avenue, 44th Floor

New York, NY 10174

Attn: David Alan Miller, Esq. and Jeffrey M. Gallant, Esq.

Email: DMiller@graubard.com and JGallant@graubard.com

9.2 Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.3 Amendment. This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.4 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement) constitute the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.5 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representatives, the Underwriters, the Company and the controlling persons, directors, agents, partners, members, employees and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from the Underwriters.

9.6 Waiver of Immunity. To the extent that the Company may be entitled in any jurisdiction in which judicial proceedings may at any time be commenced hereunder, to claim for itself or its revenues or assets any immunity, including sovereign immunity, from suit, jurisdiction, attachment in aid of execution of a judgment or prior to a judgment, execution of a judgment or any other legal process with respect to its obligations hereunder and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed to the Company such an immunity (whether or not claimed), the Company hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the maximum extent permitted by law.

45

9.7 Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Representatives irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or United States Federal court sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus or the offering of the Securities. Each of the Company and the Representatives irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company or the Representatives may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company or the Representatives in any action, proceeding or claim. Each of the Company and the Representatives waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any other requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction with respect thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action based on this Agreement may be instituted by the Underwriters in any competent court. The Company agrees that the Underwriters shall be entitled to recover all of their reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to any action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor if any of them are the prevailing party in such action or proceeding. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

9.8 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.

9.9 Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

9.10 Waiver. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

46

9.11 No Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purchase and sale of the Units pursuant to this Agreement is an arms-length commercial transaction pursuant to a contractual relationship between the Company and the Underwriters; (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction, each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the agent or fiduciary of the Company; (iii) the Underwriters have not assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Underwriters have advised or are currently advising the Company on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement; (iv) in no event do the parties intend that the Underwriters act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the Company, its management, shareholders, creditors or any other person in connection with any activity that the Underwriters may undertake or have undertaken in furtherance of the Offering, either before or after the date hereof; and (v) the Company has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. The Underwriters hereby expressly disclaim any fiduciary or similar obligations to the Company, either in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions, and the Company hereby confirms its understanding and agreement to that effect. The Company agrees that it will not claim that the Underwriters have rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. The Company and the Underwriters agree that they are each responsible for making their own independent judgment with respect to any such transactions, and that any opinions or views expressed by the Underwriters to the Company regarding such transactions, including but not limited to any opinions or views with respect to the price or market for the Companys securities, do not constitute advice or recommendations to the Company. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary or similar duty to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

47

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Representatives and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours,

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 

/s/ Zikang Wu 

Name: 

Zikang Wu 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

Accepted on the date first above written.

COHEN & COMPANY CAPITAL MARKETS,

A DIVISION OF J.V.B. FINANCIAL GROUP, LLC, as a

Representative of the several Underwriters

By: /s/ Jerry Serowik

Name: Jerry Serowik

Title: Senior Managing Director

SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC, as a

Representative of the several Underwriters

By: /s/ Jack Mascone

Name: Jack Mascone

Title: Head of Capital Markets

[Signature page to Underwriting Agreement]

48

SCHEDULE A

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. 

7,500,000 Units

Underwriters 

Number of Firm Units to be Purchased 

Cohen & Company Capital Markets 

6,000,000 

Seaport Global Securities LLC 

1,500,000 

Total 

7,500,000 

49

SCHEDULE B

None.

50

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF TARGET BUSINESS LETTER

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final Prospectus of Maywood Acquisition Corp. (the Company), dated as of February 12, 2025 (the Prospectus). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Prospectus.

We have read the Prospectus and understand that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of at least $75,000,000, for the benefit of the Public Shareholders and the Underwriters of the Companys initial public offering (the Underwriters) and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem their public shares in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the required time period set forth in its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association as the same may be amended from time to time, or (iii) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of the Company agreeing to evaluate the undersigned for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with it, the undersigned hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (each, a Claim) and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

_____________________________________

Print Name of Target Business

_____________________________________

Authorized Signature of Target Business

51

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF VENDOR LETTER

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final Prospectus of Maywood Acquisition Corp. (the Company), dated as of February 12, 2025 (the Prospectus). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Prospectus.

We have read the Prospectus and understand that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of at least $75,000,000 for the benefit of the Public Shareholders and the Underwriters of the Companys initial public offering (the Underwriters) and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem their public shares in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the required time period set forth in its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association as the same may be amended from time to time, or (iii) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of the Company agreeing to engage the services of the undersigned, the undersigned hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (each, a Claim) and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

_____________________________________

Print Name of Vendor 

_____________________________________

Authorized Signature of Vendor

52
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>mayau_ex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
<TEXT>
mayau_ex31.htm

EXHIBIT 3.1

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP.

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION ON 11 FEBRUARY 2025)

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION

OF

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP.

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION ON 11 FEBRUARY 2025)

1. 

The name of the Company is Maywood Acquisition Corp.

2. 

The Registered Office of the Company shall be at the offices of McGrath Tonner Corporate Services Limited, Genesis Building, 5th Floor, Genesis Close, PO Box 446, Cayman Islands, KY1-1106, or at such other place within the Cayman Islands as the Directors may decide.

3. 

The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman Islands.

4. 

The liability of each Member is limited to the amount unpaid on such Members shares.

5. 

The share capital of the Company is US$55,500 divided into 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each and 5,000,000 preference shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each.

6. 

The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands.

7. 

Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Memorandum of Association bear the respective meanings given to them in the Articles of Association of the Company.

2

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP.

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION ON 11 FEBRUARY 2025) 

1. 

Interpretation

1.1 

Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply to these Articles and, unless inconsistent with the subject or context:

Affiliatein respect of a person, means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such persons spouse, parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption or anyone residing in such persons home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural person or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such entity.

Applicable Law means, with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person.

Articles means these articles of association of the Company.

Audit Committee means the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles and applicable law or the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange, or any successor committee.

Auditor means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any).

Business Combination means a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or entities (the target business), which Business Combination: (a) must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 per cent of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into such Business Combination; and (b) must not be effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations.

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City.

Clearing House means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction.

3

Class A Share means a Class A ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Class B Share means a Class B ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Company means the above named company.

Companys Website means the website of the Company and/or its web-address or domain name (if any).

Compensation Committee means the compensation committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles and applicable law or the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange, or any successor committee.

Designated Stock Exchange means any United States national securities exchange on which the securities of the Company are listed for trading, including the Nasdaq Stock Market.

Directors means the directors for the time being of the Company.

Dividend means any dividend (whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles.

Electronic Communication means a communication sent by electronic means, including electronic posting to the Companys Website, transmission to any number, address or internet website (including the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided and approved by the Directors.

Electronic Record has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act.

Electronic Transactions Act means the Electronic Transactions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Equity-linked Securities means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt.

Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, as each shall be in effect at the time.

Founders means all Members immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO.

Independent Director has the same meaning as in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as the case may be.

IPO means the Companys initial public offering of securities.

Member has the same meaning as in the Statute.

Memorandum means the memorandum of association of the Company as amended and restated from time to time.

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee means the nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles and applicable law or the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange, or any successor committee.

Officer means a person appointed to hold an office in the Company.

4

Ordinary Resolution means a resolution passed by a simple majority of the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person (including virtually) or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting, and includes a unanimous written resolution. In computing the majority when a poll is demanded regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled by the Articles.

Over-Allotment Option means the option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 15 per cent of the firm units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO at a price equal to US$10 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

Preference Share means a preference share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Public Share means a Class A Share issued as part of the units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO.

Redemption Notice means a notice in a form approved by the Company by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares, subject to any conditions contained therein.

Register of Members means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register of Members.

Registered Office means the registered office for the time being of the Company.

Seal means the common seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal.

Securities and Exchange Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Share means a Class A Share, a Class B Share or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company.

Special Resolution has the same meaning as in the Statute, and includes a unanimous written resolution.

Statute means the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Treasury Share means a Share held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute.

Trust Account means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of the proceeds of a private placement of warrants simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited.

Underwriter(s) means an underwriter(s) of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter.

1.2 

In the Articles:

(a) 

words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa;

(b) 

words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender;

(c) 

words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person;

(d) 

written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(e) 

shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(f) 

references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

5

(g) 

any phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

(h) 

the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

(i) 

headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing the Articles;

(j) 

any requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery in the form of an Electronic Record;

(k) 

any requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles including the execution of the Articles themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act;

(l) 

sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply;

(m) 

the term clear days in relation to the period of a notice means that period excluding the day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect; and

(n) 

the term holder in relation to a Share means a person whose name is entered in the Register of Members as the holder of such Share.

2. 

Commencement of Business

2.1 

The business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation of the Company as the Directors shall see fit.

2.2 

The Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all expenses incurred in or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration.

3. 

Issue of Shares and other Securities

3.1 

Subject to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction that may be given by the Company in general meeting) and without prejudice to any rights attached to any existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) with or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions, whether in regard to Dividend or other distribution, voting, return of capital or otherwise and to such persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think proper, and may also (subject to the Statute and the Articles) vary such rights, save that the Directors shall not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) to the extent that it may affect the ability of the Company to carry out a Class B Share Conversion set out in the Articles.

3.2 

The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company on such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine.

3.3 

The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of whole or fractional Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine.

3.4 

The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer.

6

4. 

Register of Members

4.1 

The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with the Statute.

4.2 

The Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members in accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members shall constitute the principal register and which shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from time to time.

5. 

Closing Register of Members or Fixing Record Date

5.1 

For the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of Members or any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose, the Directors may provide that the Register of Members shall be closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not in any case exceed forty days.

5.2 

In lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance or arrears a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of the Members or any adjournment thereof, or for the purpose of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose.

5.3 

If the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled to receive payment of a Dividend or other distribution, the date on which notice of the meeting is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors resolving to pay such Dividend or other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of Members. When a determination of Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof.

6. 

Certificates for Shares

6.1 

A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share certificates shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the Directors may determine. Share certificates shall be signed by one or more Directors or other person authorised by the Directors. The Directors may authorise certificates to be issued with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified and shall specify the Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled and subject to the Articles no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares shall have been surrendered and cancelled.

6.2 

The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by more than one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them.

6.3 

If a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms (if any) as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating evidence, as the Directors may prescribe, and (in the case of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the old certificate.

6.4 

Every share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be sent at the risk of the Member or other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any share certificate lost or delayed in the course of delivery.

6.5 

Share certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Statute, if applicable, or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever is shorter, after the allotment or, except in the case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled to refuse to register and does not register, after lodgement of a Share transfer with the Company.

7

7. 

Transfer of Shares

7.1 

Subject to the terms of these Articles, any Member may transfer all or any of his Shares by an instrument of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options, warrants or units issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that one cannot be transferred without the other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer of such right, option, warrant or unit.

7.2 

The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the usual or common form or in a form prescribed by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the Directors and shall be executed by or on behalf of the transferor (and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the transferee) and may be under hand or, if the transferor or transferee is a Clearing House or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution as the Directors may approve from time to time. The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members.

8. 

Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares

8.1 

Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may issue Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Member or the Company. The redemption of such Shares, except Public Shares, shall be effected in such manner and upon such other terms as the Company may, by Special Resolution, determine before the issue of such Shares. With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares:

(a) 

Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances described in the Business Combination Article hereof;

(b) 

Class B Shares held by the Sponsor shall be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that the Founders will own approximately 26 per cent of the Companys issued Shares after the IPO (exclusive of any securities purchased in a private placement simultaneously with the IPO or in the IPO itself); and

(c) 

Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in the Business Combination Article hereof.

8.2 

Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and on such other terms as the Directors may agree with the relevant Member. For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases and surrenders of Shares in the circumstances described in the Article above shall not require further approval of the Members.

8.3 

The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner permitted by the Statute, including out of capital.

8.4 

The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any fully paid Share.

8

9. 

Treasury Shares

9.1 

The Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of any Share, determine that such Share shall be held as a Treasury Share.

9.2 

The Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a Treasury Share on such terms as they think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration).

10. 

Variation of Rights of Shares

10.1 

If at any time the share capital of the Company is divided into different classes of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class) may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied without the consent of the holders of the issued Shares of that class where such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect upon such rights; otherwise, any such variation shall be made only with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the issued Shares of that class (other than with respect to a waiver of the provisions of the Class B Ordinary Share Conversion Article hereof, which as stated therein shall only require the consent in writing of the holders of a majority of the issued Shares of that class), or with the approval of a resolution passed by a majority of not less than two-thirds of the votes cast at a separate meeting of the holders of the Shares of that class. For the avoidance of doubt, the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding that any such variation may not have a material adverse effect, to obtain consent from the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting all the provisions of the Articles relating to general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis, except that the necessary quorum shall be one person holding or representing by proxy at least one-third of the issued Shares of the class and that any holder of Shares of the class present in person (including virtually) or by proxy may demand a poll.

10.2 

For the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat two or more or all the classes of Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class of Shares would be affected in the same way by the proposals under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares.

10.3 

The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued with preferred or other rights shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class, be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu therewith.

11. 

Commission on Sale of Shares

The Company may, in so far as the Statute permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe (whether absolutely or conditionally) or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may also on any issue of Shares pay such brokerage as may be lawful.

12. 

Non-Recognition of Trusts

The Company shall not be bound by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share other than an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the holder.

13. 

Lien on Shares

13.1 

The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether fully paid-up or not) registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts, liabilities or engagements to or with the Company (whether presently payable or not) by such Member or his estate, either alone or jointly with any other person, whether a Member or not, but the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this Article. The registration of a transfer of any such Share shall operate as a waiver of the Companys lien thereon. The Companys lien on a Share shall also extend to any amount payable in respect of that Share.

9

13.2 

The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any Shares on which the Company has a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not paid within fourteen clear days after notice has been received or deemed to have been received by the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled to it in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with the Shares may be sold.

13.3 

To give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The purchaser or his nominee shall be registered as the holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer, and he shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the sale or the exercise of the Companys power of sale under the Articles.

13.4 

The net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall be applied in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the Shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares at the date of the sale.

14. 

Call on Shares

14.1 

Subject to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the Directors may make calls upon the Members in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value or premium), and each Member shall (subject to receiving at least fourteen clear days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so specified the amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or in part, as the Directors may determine. A call may be required to be paid by instalments. A person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable for calls made upon him notwithstanding the subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made.

14.2 

A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising such call was passed.

14.3 

The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect thereof.

14.4 

If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the person from whom it is due shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid at such rate as the Directors may determine (and in addition all expenses that have been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment), but the Directors may waive payment of the interest or expenses wholly or in part.

14.5 

An amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at any fixed date, whether on account of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a call and if it is not paid all the provisions of the Articles shall apply as if that amount had become due and payable by virtue of a call.

14.6 

The Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount and times of payment of calls, or the interest to be paid.

14.7 

The Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Member willing to advance all or any part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by him, and may (until the amount would otherwise become payable) pay interest at such rate as may be agreed upon between the Directors and the Member paying such amount in advance.

14.8 

No such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member paying such amount to any portion of a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such amount would, but for such payment, become payable.

10

15. 

Forfeiture of Shares

15.1 

If a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the Directors may give to the person from whom it is due not less than fourteen clear days notice requiring payment of the amount unpaid together with any interest which may have accrued and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment. The notice shall specify where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in respect of which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited.

15.2 

If the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of which it was given may, before the payment required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors. Such forfeiture shall include all Dividends, other distributions or other monies payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture.

15.3 

A forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit. Where for the purposes of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred to any person the Directors may authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that person.

15.4 

A person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of them and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited and shall remain liable to pay to the Company all monies which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares together with interest at such rate as the Directors may determine, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company shall have received payment in full of all monies due and payable by him in respect of those Shares.

15.5 

A certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or officer of the Company that a Share has been forfeited on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the Share. The certificate shall (subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to the Share and the person to whom the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, if any, nor shall his title to the Share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of the Share.

15.6 

The provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non payment of any sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the par value of the Share or by way of premium as if it had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.

16. 

Transmission of Shares

16.1 

If a Member dies the survivor or survivors (where he was a joint holder) or his legal personal representatives (where he was a sole holder), shall be the only persons recognised by the Company as having any title to his Shares. The estate of a deceased Member is not thereby released from any liability in respect of any Share, for which he was a joint or sole holder.

16.2 

Any person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence being produced as may be required by the Directors, elect, by a notice in writing sent by him to the Company, either to become the holder of such Share or to have some person nominated by him registered as the holder of such Share. If he elects to have another person registered as the holder of such Share he shall sign an instrument of transfer of that Share to that person. The Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution.

11

16.3 

A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the same Dividends, other distributions and other advantages to which he would be entitled if he were the holder of such Share. However, he shall not, before becoming a Member in respect of a Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to general meetings of the Company and the Directors may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to have some person nominated by him be registered as the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the notice is not complied with within ninety days of being received or deemed to be received (as determined pursuant to the Articles) the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of all Dividends, other distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.

17. 

Class B Ordinary Share Conversion

17.1 

The rights attaching to the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall rank pari passu in all respects, and the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together as a single class on all matters (subject to the Variation of Rights of Shares Article, the Appointment and Removal of Directors Article and the Transfer by Way of Continuation Article) with the exception that the holder of a Class B Share shall have the conversion rights referred to in this Article.

17.2 

Class B Shares shall automatically convert into Class A Shares on a one-for-one basis (the Initial Conversion Ratio): (a) at any time and from time to time at the option of the holders thereof; and (b) automatically on the day of the closing of a Business Combination.

17.3 

Notwithstanding the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional Class A Shares or any other Equity-linked Securities, are issued or deemed issued, by the Company in excess of the amounts offered in the IPO and related to the closing of a Business Combination, all Class B Shares in issue shall automatically convert into Class A Shares at the time of the closing of a Business Combination and the ratio for which the Class B Shares shall convert into Class A Shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the Class B Shares in issue agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, in the aggregate, approximately 26 per cent of the sum of all Class A Shares and Class B Shares in issue upon completion of the IPO plus all Class A Shares and Equity-linked Securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, excluding any Shares or Equity-linked Securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any private placement securities issued to the Sponsor or its Affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans made to the Company.

17.4 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional Class A Shares or Equity-linked Securities by the written consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the Class B Shares then in issue consenting or agreeing separately as a separate class in the manner provided in the Variation of Rights of Shares Article hereof.

17.5 

The foregoing conversion ratio shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision (by share split, subdivision, exchange, capitalisation, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or combination (by share consolidation, exchange, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class A Shares in issue into a greater or lesser number of shares without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class B Shares in issue.

17.6 

Each Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class A Shares pursuant to this Article. The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each Class B Share shall convert into such number of Class A Shares as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the total number of Class A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant to this Article and the denominator of which shall be the total number of Class B Shares in issue at the time of conversion.

12

17.7 

References in this Article to converted, conversion or exchange shall mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and, on behalf of such Members, automatic application of such redemption proceeds in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at a price per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued as part of the conversion or exchange will be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered in the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may direct.

17.8 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, in no event may any Class B Share convert into Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one.

18. 

Amendments of Memorandum and Articles of Association and Alteration of Capital

18.1 

The Company may by Ordinary Resolution:

(a) 

increase its share capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution shall prescribe and with such rights, priorities and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting may determine;

(b) 

consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing Shares;

(c) 

convert all or any of its paid-up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into paid-up Shares of any denomination;

(d) 

by subdivision of its existing Shares or any of them divide the whole or any part of its share capital into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without par value; and

(e) 

cancel any Shares that at the date of the passing of the Ordinary Resolution have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled.

18.2 

All new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Article shall be subject to the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer, transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as the Shares in the original share capital.

18.3 

Subject to the provisions of the Statute and the provisions of the Articles as regards the matters to be dealt with by Ordinary Resolution, the Company may by Special Resolution:

(a) 

change its name;

(b) 

alter or add to the Articles;

(c) 

alter or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein; and

(d) 

reduce its share capital or any capital redemption reserve fund.

19. 

Offices and Places of Business

Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company may, in addition to its Registered Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine.

13

20. 

General Meetings

20.1 

All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general meetings.

20.2 

The Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute or applicable law) be obliged to, in each year, hold a general meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it. Any annual general meeting shall be held at such time and place as the Directors shall appoint and if no other time and place is prescribed by them, it shall be held at the Registered Office on the second Wednesday in December of each year at ten oclock in the morning. At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall be presented.

20.3 

The Directors, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board of Directors may call general meetings, and, for the avoidance of doubt, Members shall not have the ability to call general meetings.

20.4 

Members seeking to bring business before the annual general meeting or to nominate candidates for appointment as Directors at the annual general meeting must deliver notice to the principal executive offices of the Company not less than 120 calendar days before the date of the Companys proxy statement released to Members in connection with the previous years annual general meeting or, if the Company did not hold an annual general meeting the previous year, or if the date of the current years annual general meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date of the previous years annual general meeting, then the deadline shall be set by the board of Directors with such deadline being a reasonable time before the Company begins to print and send its related proxy materials.

21. 

Notice of General Meetings

21.1 

At least five clear days notice shall be given of any general meeting. Every notice shall specify the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business to be conducted at the general meeting and shall be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company, provided that a general meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been given and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed:

(a) 

in the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and

(b) 

in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having a right to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than ninety-five percent in par value of the Shares giving that right.

21.2 

The accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or the non-receipt of notice of a general meeting by, any person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate the proceedings of that general meeting.

22. 

Proceedings at General Meetings

22.1 

No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present. A quorum for such meeting will be present if the holders of at least one third of issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are represented in person (including virtually) or by proxy.

22.2 

A person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other. Participation by a person in a general meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person (including virtually) at that meeting.

22.3 

A resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by or on behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at general meetings (or, being corporations or other non-natural persons, signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the resolution had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held.

14

22.4 

If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or place or to such other day, time and/or place as the Directors may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall be a quorum.

22.5 

The Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the meeting to commence, appoint any person to act as chairman of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do not make any such appointment, the chairman, if any, of the board of Directors shall preside as chairman at such general meeting. If there is no such chairman, or if he shall not be present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, or is unwilling to act, the Directors present shall elect one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

22.6 

If no Director is willing to act as chairman or if no Director is present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

22.7 

The chairman may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place.

22.8 

When a general meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise, it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of an adjourned meeting.

22.9 

If, prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general meeting and the Directors, in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for any reason to hold that general meeting at the place, the day and the hour specified in the notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone the general meeting to another place, day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged general meeting is promptly given to all Members. No business shall be transacted at any postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice of the original meeting.

22.10 

A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll.

22.11 

A poll shall be taken as the chairman directs, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded.

22.12 

A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith. A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place as the chairman of the general meeting directs, and any business other than that upon which a poll has been demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed pending the taking of the poll.

22.13 

In the case of an equality of votes, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, the chairman shall be entitled to a second or casting vote.

23. 

Votes of Members

23.1 

Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares, including as set out at Article 29.4, every Member present in any such manner shall have one vote for every Share of which he is the holder

15

23.2 

In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person (including virtually) or by proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative or proxy), shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names of the holders stand in the Register of Members.

23.3 

A Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court, having jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, by his committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other person on such Members behalf appointed by that court, and any such committee, receiver, curator bonis or other person may vote by proxy.

23.4 

No person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless he is registered as a Member on the record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by him in respect of Shares have been paid.

23.5 

No objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except at the general meeting or adjourned general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every vote not disallowed at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection made in due time in accordance with this Article shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be final and conclusive.

23.6 

Votes may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more than one proxy or the same proxy under one or more instruments to attend and vote at a meeting. Where a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument of proxy shall state which proxy is entitled to vote on a show of hands and shall specify the number of Shares in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes.

23.7 

On a poll, a Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect of his Shares in the same way on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing him, a proxy appointed under one or more instruments may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed.

24. 

Proxies

24.1 

The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be executed under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation or other non natural person, under the hand of its duly authorised representative. A proxy need not be a Member.

24.2 

The Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting, or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited and the place and the time (being not later than the time appointed for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which the proxy relates) at which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction from the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the meeting or adjourned meeting to commence at which the person named in the instrument proposes to vote.

24.3 

The chairman may in any event at his discretion declare that an instrument of proxy shall be deemed to have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner permitted, or which has not been declared to have been duly deposited by the chairman, shall be invalid.

24.4 

The instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form (or such other form as the Directors may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment thereof or generally until revoked. An instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include the power to demand or join or concur in demanding a poll.

16

24.5 

Votes given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under which the proxy was executed, or the transfer of the Share in respect of which the proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer was received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general meeting, or adjourned meeting at which it is sought to use the proxy.

25. 

Corporate Members

25.1 

Any corporation or other non-natural person which is a Member may in accordance with its constitutional documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its directors or other governing body, authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or of any class of Members, and the person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents as the corporation could exercise if it were an individual Member.

25.2 

If a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise such persons as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised. Each person so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without further evidence of the facts and be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was the registered holder of such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)).

26. 

Shares that May Not be Voted

Shares in the Company that are beneficially owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding Shares at any given time.

27. 

Directors

27.1 

There shall be a board of Directors consisting of not less than one person provided however that the Company may by Ordinary Resolution increase or reduce the limits in the number of Directors.

27.2 

The Directors shall be divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III. The number of Directors in each class shall be as nearly equal as possible. Upon the adoption of the Articles, the existing Directors shall by resolution classify themselves as Class I, Class II or Class III Directors. The Class I Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Companys first annual general meeting, the Class II Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Companys second annual general meeting and the Class III Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Companys third annual general meeting. Commencing at the Companys first annual general meeting, and at each annual general meeting thereafter, Directors appointed to succeed those Directors whose terms expire shall be appointed for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual general meeting after their appointment. Except as the Statute or other Applicable Law may otherwise require, in the interim between annual general meetings or extraordinary general meetings called for the appointment of Directors and/or the removal of one or more Directors and the filling of any vacancy in that connection, additional Directors and any vacancies in the board of Directors, including unfilled vacancies resulting from the removal of Directors for cause, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining Directors then in office, although less than a quorum (as defined in the Articles), or by the sole remaining Director. All Directors shall hold office until the expiration of their respective terms of office and until their successors shall have been appointed and qualified. A Director appointed to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a Director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the Director whose death, resignation or removal shall have created such vacancy and until his successor shall have been appointed and qualified.

17

28. 

Powers of Directors

28.1 

Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and the Articles and to any directions given by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who may exercise all the powers of the Company. No alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and no such direction shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened meeting of Directors at which a quorum is present may exercise all powers exercisable by the Directors.

28.2 

All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable or transferable instruments and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed or otherwise executed as the case may be in such manner as the Directors shall determine by resolution.

28.3 

The Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension or allowance on retirement to any Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company or to his widow or dependants and may make contributions to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension or allowance.

28.4 

The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part thereof and to issue debentures, debenture stock, mortgages, bonds and other such securities whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of any third party.

29. 

Appointment and Removal of Directors

29.1 

Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares remove any Director. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the closing of a Business Combination, holders of Class A Shares shall have no right to vote on the appointment or removal of any Director..

29.2 

The Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number fixed by or in accordance with the Articles as the maximum number of Directors.

29.3 

After the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director.

29.4 

Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, Article 29.1 may only be amended by a Special Resolution passed by at least 90% of such Member as, being entitled to do so, vote in person (including virtually) or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a Special Resolution has been given, or by way of unanimous written resolution.

30. 

Vacation of Office of Director

The office of a Director shall be vacated if:

(a) 

the Director gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns the office of Director; or

(b) 

the Director absents himself (for the avoidance of doubt, without being represented by proxy) from three consecutive meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence from the Directors, and the Directors pass a resolution that he has by reason of such absence vacated office; or

(c) 

the Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors generally; or

(d) 

the Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; or

(e) 

all of the other Directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed as a Director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held in accordance with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors.

18

31. 

Proceedings of Directors

31.1 

The quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors, and unless so fixed shall be a majority of the Directors then in office.

31.2 

Subject to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may regulate their proceedings as they think fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case of an equality of votes, the chairman shall have a second or casting vote.

31.3 

A person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any committee of Directors by conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other at the same time. Participation by a person in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. Unless otherwise determined by the Directors the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the chairman is located at the start of the meeting.

31.4 

A resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all the Directors or all the members of a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating to the removal of any Director or the vacation of office by any Director, all of the Directors other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution shall be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the case may be, duly convened and held.

31.5 

A Director may, or other officer of the Company on the direction of a Director shall, call a meeting of the Directors by at least two days notice in writing to every Director which notice shall set forth the general nature of the business to be considered unless notice is waived by all the Directors either at, before or after the meeting is held. To any such notice of a meeting of the Directors all the provisions of the Articles relating to the giving of notices by the Company to the Members shall apply mutatis mutandis.

31.6 

The continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as the case may be) may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number fixed by or pursuant to the Articles as the necessary quorum of Directors the continuing Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of Directors to be equal to such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other purpose.

31.7 

The Directors may elect a chairman of their board and determine the period for which he is to hold office; but if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within five minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

31.8 

All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors shall, notwithstanding that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any and/or that they or any of them were disqualified, and/or had vacated their office and/or were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed and/or not disqualified to be a Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or had been entitled to vote, as the case may be.

31.9 

A Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of Directors by a proxy appointed in writing by him. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the proxy shall for all purposes be deemed to be that of the appointing Director.

32. 

Presumption of Assent

A Director who is present at a meeting of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken unless his dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his written dissent from such action with the person acting as the chairman or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by registered post to such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a Director who voted in favour of such action.

19

33. 

Directors Interests

33.1 

A Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (other than the office of Auditor) in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on such terms as to remuneration and otherwise as the Directors may determine.

33.2 

A Director may act by himself or by, through or on behalf of his firm in a professional capacity for the Company and he or his firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services as if he were not a Director.

33.3 

A Director may be or become a director or other officer of or otherwise interested in any company promoted by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting party or otherwise, and no such Director shall be accountable to the Company for any remuneration or other benefits received by him as a director or officer of, or from his interest in, such other company.

33.4 

No person shall be disqualified from the office of Director or prevented by such office from contracting with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which any Director shall be in any way interested be or be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised by or arising in connection with any such contract or transaction by reason of such Director holding office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. A Director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested provided that the nature of the interest of any Director in any such contract or transaction shall be disclosed by him at or prior to its consideration and any vote thereon.

33.5 

A general notice that a Director is a shareholder, director, officer or employee of any specified firm or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or company shall be sufficient disclosure for the purposes of voting on a resolution in respect of a contract or transaction in which he has an interest, and after such general notice it shall not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction.

34. 

Minutes

The Directors shall cause minutes to be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments of officers made by the Directors, all proceedings at meetings of the Company or the holders of any class of Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors, including the names of the Directors present at each meeting

35. 

Delegation of Directors Powers

35.1 

The Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions, including the power to sub-delegate, to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without limitation, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, if established). Any such delegation may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such delegation may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of a committee of Directors shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying.

35.2 

The Directors may establish any committees, local boards or agencies or appoint any person to be a manager or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any person to be a member of such committees, local boards or agencies. Any such appointment may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose, and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of any such committee, local board or agency shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying.

20

35.3 

The Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees and, if so adopted, shall review and assess the adequacy of such formal written charters on an annual basis. Each of these committees shall be empowered to do all things necessary to exercise the rights of such committee set forth in these Articles and shall have such powers as the Directors may delegate pursuant to these Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. Each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, if established, shall consist of such number of Directors as the Directors shall from time to time determine (or such minimum number as may be required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law). For so long as any class of Shares is listed on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, if established, shall be made up of such number of Independent Directors as is required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law.

35.4 

The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any person to be the agent of the Company on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is not to the exclusion of their own powers and may be revoked by the Directors at any time.

35.5 

The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company, firm, person or body of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or authorised signatory of the Company for such purpose and with such powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under the Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such powers of attorney or other appointment may contain such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys or authorised signatories as the Directors may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in him.

35.6 

The Directors may appoint such officers of the Company (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, any secretary) as they consider necessary on such terms, at such remuneration and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal as the Directors may think fit. Unless otherwise specified in the terms of his appointment an officer of the Company may be removed by resolution of the Directors or Members. An officer of the Company may vacate his office at any time if he gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns his office.

36. 

No Minimum Shareholding

The Company in general meeting may fix a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding qualification is fixed a Director is not required to hold Shares.

37. 

Remuneration of Directors

37.1 

The remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the Directors shall determine. The Directors shall also be entitled to be paid all travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with their attendance at meetings of Directors or committees of Directors, or general meetings of the Company, or separate meetings of the holders of any class of Shares or debentures of the Company, or otherwise in connection with the business of the Company or the discharge of their duties as a Director, or to receive a fixed allowance in respect thereof as may be determined by the Directors, or a combination partly of one such method and partly the other.

21

37.2 

The Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration to any Director for any services which in the opinion of the Directors go beyond his ordinary routine work as a Director. Any fees paid to a Director who is also counsel, attorney or solicitor to the Company, or otherwise serves it in a professional capacity shall be in addition to his remuneration as a Director.

38. 

Seal

38.1 

The Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal. The Seal shall only be used by the authority of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors. Every instrument to which the Seal has been affixed shall be signed by at least one person who shall be either a Director or some officer of the Company or other person appointed by the Directors for the purpose.

38.2 

The Company may have for use in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal or Seals each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the Directors so determine, with the addition on its face of the name of every place where it is to be used.

38.3 

A Director or officer, representative or attorney of the Company may without further authority of the Directors affix the Seal over his signature alone to any document of the Company required to be authenticated by him under seal or to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever.

39. 

Dividends, Distributions and Reserve

39.1 

Subject to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares in issue and authorise payment of the Dividends or other distributions out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend shall be deemed to be an interim Dividend unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay such Dividend specifically state that such Dividend shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution shall be paid except out of the realised or unrealised profits of the Company, out of the share premium account or as otherwise permitted by law.

39.2 

Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, all Dividends and other distributions shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for Dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly.

39.3 

The Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution payable to any Member all sums of money (if any) then payable by him to the Company on account of calls or otherwise.

39.4 

The Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution be paid wholly or partly by the distribution of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution of shares, debentures, or securities of any other company or in any one or more of such ways and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution, the Directors may settle the same as they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix the value for distribution of such specific assets or any part thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the basis of the value so fixed in order to adjust the rights of all Members and may vest any such specific assets in trustees in such manner as may seem expedient to the Directors.

39.5 

Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, Dividends and other distributions may be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any currency conversions that may be required and how any costs involved are to be met.

39.6 

The Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other distribution, set aside such sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Directors, be applicable for any purpose of the Company and pending such application may, at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the Company.

22

39.7 

Any Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of Shares may be paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to the registered address of the holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of the holder who is first named on the Register of Members or to such person and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent. Any one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any Dividends, other distributions, bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them as joint holders.

39.8 

No Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against the Company.

39.9 

Any Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a Member and/or which remains unclaimed after six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable may, in the discretion of the Directors, be paid into a separate account in the Companys name, provided that the Company shall not be constituted as a trustee in respect of that account and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member. Any Dividend or other distribution which remains unclaimed after a period of six years from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company.

40. 

Capitalisation

The Directors may at any time capitalise any sum standing to the credit of any of the Companys reserve accounts or funds (including the share premium account and capital redemption reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise available for distribution; appropriate such sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst such Members had the same been a distribution of profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on their behalf in paying up in full unissued Shares for allotment and distribution credited as fully paid-up to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid. In such event the Directors shall do all acts and things required to give effect to such capitalisation, with full power given to the Directors to make such provisions as they think fit in the case of Shares becoming distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby the benefit of fractional entitlements accrue to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person to enter on behalf of all of the Members interested into an agreement with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters incidental or relating thereto and any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the Company.

41. 

Books of Account

41.1 

The Directors shall cause proper books of account (including, where applicable, material underlying documentation including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money received and expended by the Company and the matters in respect of which the receipt or expenditure takes place, all sales and purchases of goods by the Company and the assets and liabilities of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of five years from the date on which they are prepared. Proper books shall not be deemed to be kept if there are not kept such books of account as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the state of the Companys affairs and to explain its transactions.

41.2 

The Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open to the inspection of Members not being Directors and no Member (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company except as conferred by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting.

41.3 

The Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in general meeting profit and loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts as may be required by law.

42. 

Audit

42.1 

The Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the Directors determine.

23

42.2 

Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of the Directors and shall adopt a formal written Audit Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition and responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The Audit Committee shall meet at least once every financial quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate.

42.3 

If the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest.

42.4 

The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists).

42.5 

If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming incapable of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services are required, the Directors shall fill the vacancy and determine the remuneration of such Auditor.

42.6 

Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts and vouchers of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers such information and explanation as may be necessary for the performance of the duties of the Auditor.

42.7 

Auditors shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during their tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and at any other time during their term of office, upon request of the Directors or any general meeting of the Members.

42.8 

Any payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists) shall require the review and approval of the Directors, with any Director interested in such payment abstaining from such review and approval.

42.9 

The Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms of the IPO and, if any non- compliance is identified, the Audit Committee shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action necessary to rectify such non-compliance or otherwise cause compliance with the terms of the IPO.

42.10 

At least one member of the Audit Committee shall be an audit committee financial expert as determined by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The audit committee financial expert shall have such past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or any other comparable experience or background which results in the individuals financial sophistication.

43. 

Notices

43.1 

Notices shall be in writing and may be given by the Company to any Member either personally or by sending it by courier, post, cable, telex, fax or e-mail to him or to his address as shown in the Register of Members (or where the notice is given by e-mail by sending it to the e-mail address provided by such Member). Notice may also be served by Electronic Communication in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or by placing it on the Companys Website.

24

43.2 

Where a notice is sent by:

(a) 

courier; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by delivery of the notice to a courier company, and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays) following the day on which the notice was delivered to the courier;

(b) 

post; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre paying and posting a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the fifth day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays in the Cayman Islands) following the day on which the notice was posted;

(c) 

cable, telex or fax; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing and sending such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was transmitted;

(d) 

e-mail or other Electronic Communication; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by transmitting the e-mail to the e-mail address provided by the intended recipient and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was sent, and it shall not be necessary for the receipt of the e-mail to be acknowledged by the recipient; and

(e) 

placing it on the Companys Website; service of the notice shall be deemed to have been effected one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Companys Website.

43.1 

A notice may be given by the Company to the person or persons which the Company has been advised are entitled to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in the same manner as other notices which are required to be given under the Articles and shall be addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option of the Company by giving the notice in any manner in which the same might have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred.

43.2 

Notice of every general meeting shall be given in any manner authorised by the Articles to every holder of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such meeting except that in the case of joint holders the notice shall be sufficient if given to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members and every person upon whom the ownership of a Share devolves by reason of his being a legal personal representative or a trustee in bankruptcy of a Member where the Member but for his death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other person shall be entitled to receive notices of general meetings.

44. 

Winding Up

44.1 

If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator shall apply the assets of the Company in satisfaction of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject to the rights attaching to any Shares, in a winding up:

(a) 

if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be insufficient to repay the whole of the Companys issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne by the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them; or

(b) 

if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the Companys issued share capital at the commencement of the winding up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from those Shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company for unpaid calls or otherwise.

25

44.2 

If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the rights attaching to any Shares and with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval required by the Statute, divide amongst the Members in kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist of property of the same kind or not) and may for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes of Members. The liquidator may, with the like approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of the Members as the liquidator, with the like approval, shall think fit, but so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon which there is a liability.

45. 

Indemnity and Insurance

45.1 

Every Director and officer of the Company (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include auditors of the Company), together with every former Director and former officer of the Company (each an Indemnified Person) shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against any liability, action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs, damages or expenses, including legal expenses, whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying out their functions other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud or wilful default. No Indemnified Person shall be liable to the Company for any loss or damage incurred by the Company as a result (whether direct or indirect) of the carrying out of their functions unless that liability arises through the actual fraud or wilful default of such Indemnified Person. No person shall be found to have committed actual fraud or wilful default under this Article unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect.

45.2 

The Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving such Indemnified Person for which indemnity will or could be sought. In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder, the Indemnified Person shall execute an undertaking to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article. If it shall be determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses, then such party shall not be indemnified with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses and any advancement shall be returned to the Company (without interest) by the Indemnified Person.

45.3 

The Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of any Director or other officer of the Company against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law, would otherwise attach to such person in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation to the Company.

46. 

Financial Year

Unless the Directors otherwise prescribe, the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December in each year and, following the year of incorporation, shall begin on 1st January in each year.

47. 

Transfer by Way of Continuation

47.1 

If the Company is exempted as defined in the Statute, it shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute and with the approval of a Special Resolution, have the power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands.

47.2 

Prior to the closing of a Business Combination,

(a) 

only the Class B Shares shall carry the right to vote on any resolution of the shareholders to approve any transfer by way of continuation pursuant to this Article (including any resolution required to amend the Memorandum and Articles or to adopt new constitutional documents of the Company, in each case, as a result of the Company approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands); and

(b) 

this Article may only be amended by a Special Resolution passed by at least 90 per cent of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person (including virtually) or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given, or by way of unanimous written resolution

26

48. 

Mergers and Consolidations

The Company shall have the power to merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such terms as the Directors may determine and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution.

49 

Business Combination

49.1 

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, this Article shall apply during the period commencing upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation of a Business Combination and the full distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In the event of a conflict between this Article and any other Articles, the provisions of this Article shall prevail.

49.2 

Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall either:

(a) 

submit such Business Combination to its Members for approval; or

(b) 

provide Members with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer for a per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two Business Days prior to the consummation of such Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (net of taxes paid or payable, if any), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares. Such obligation to repurchase Shares is subject to the completion of the proposed Business Combination to which it relates.

49.3 

If the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender offer documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to completing such Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about such Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds a general meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination, the Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

49.4 

At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business Combination pursuant to this Article, in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution pursuant to the terms of an agreement governing such Business Combination, the Company shall be authorised to consummate such Business Combination.

49.5 

Any Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director may, at least two bBsiness Days prior to any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares redeemed for cash, in accordance with any applicable requirements provided for in the related proxy materials (the IPO Redemption), provided that no such Member acting together with any Affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate, or other group for the purposes of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Shares may exercise this redemption right with respect to more than 15 per cent of the Public Shares in the aggregate without the prior consent of the Company and provided further that any beneficial holder of Public Shares on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself to the Company in connection with any redemption election in order to validly redeem such Public Shares. If so demanded, the Company shall pay any such redeeming Member, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed Business Combination, a per-Share redemption price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two Business Days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (such interest shall be net of taxes payable) and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then issued Public Shares (such redemption price being referred to herein as the Redemption Price), but only in the event that the applicable proposed Business Combination is approved and consummated.

27

49.6 

A Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted to the Company unless the Directors determine (in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request (which they may do in whole or in part).

49.7 

In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within 15 months from the consummation of the IPO (or up to 18 months if such date is extended as described in the prospectus relating to the IPO), the Company shall:

(a) 

cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up;

(b) 

as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten Business Days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company (less taxes payable and up to US$100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Members rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and

(c) 

as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law,

subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law.

49.8 

In the event that any amendment is made to the Articles:

(a) 

to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or redeem 100 per cent of the Public Shares if the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth above in Article 49.7, as may be amended; or

(b) 

with respect to any other provision relating to Members rights or pre-Business Combination activity,

each holder of Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon the approval or effectiveness of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares.

49.9 

A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account only in the event of an IPO Redemption, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to this Article, or a distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account.

49.10 

After the issue of Public Shares, and prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof to:

(a) 

receive funds from the Trust Account; or

(b) 

vote as a class with Public Shares on a Business Combination or on any other proposal presented to Members prior to or in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination or to approve an amendment to the Memorandum or Articles.

28

49.11 

The uninterested Independent Directors shall approve any transaction or transactions between the Company and any of the following parties:

(a) 

any Member owning an interest in the voting power of the Company that gives such Member a significant influence over the Company; and

(b) 

any Director or Officer and any Affiliate of such Director or Officer.

49.12 

A Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in which such Director has a conflict of interest with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must disclose such interest or conflict to the other Directors.

49.13 

As long as the securities of the Company are listed on a Designated Stock Exchange, the Company must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 per cent of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the Companys signing of a definitive agreement in connection with a Business Combination.

A Business Combination must not be solely effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations.

49.14 

The Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer. In the event the Company seeks to consummate a Business Combination with a target that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer, the Company, or a committee of Independent Directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions that such a Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view.

50 

Certain Tax Filings

Each Tax Filing Authorised Person and any such other person, acting alone, as any Director shall designate from time to time, are authorised to file tax forms SS-4, W-8 BEN, W-8 IMY, W-9, 8832 and 2553 and such other similar tax forms as are customary to file with any US state or federal governmental authorities or foreign governmental authorities in connection with the formation, activities and/or elections of the Company and such other tax forms as may be approved from time to time by any Director or Officer. The Company further ratifies and approves any such filing made by any Tax Filing Authorised Person or such other person prior to the date of the Articles.

51 

Business Opportunities

51.1 

To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no individual serving as a Director or an Officer (Management) shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for Management, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, Director and/or Officer solely by reason of the fact that such party pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself or herself, directs such corporate opportunity to another person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company.

51.2 

Except as provided elsewhere in this Article, the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and Management, about which a Director and/or Officer who is also a member of Management acquires knowledge.

51.3 

To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted in the future and that have been conducted in the past.

29
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mayau_ex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
mayau_ex41.htm

EXHIBIT 4.1

RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of February 12, 2025 between Maywood Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation, as rights agent (the Rights Agent).

WHEREAS, the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284082) (Registration Statement), for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Act), in connection with the Companys initial public offering (the Public Offering), units (Units) of the Company, with each such Unit comprised of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares), and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one Share upon the happening of an Exchange Event (as defined below) (the Rights), the Shares and the Rights;

WHEREAS, the Company has entered into agreements with the Companys sponsor and the underwriters in the Public Offering to purchase up to an aggregate of 237,500 private units (or up to 265,250 private units if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement transaction to occur simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering with each private unit being identical to the Units sold in the Public Offering (subject to certain exceptions);

WHEREAS, the Company desires the Rights Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Rights Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance, registration, transfer and exchange of the Rights;

WHEREAS, the Company desires to provide for the form and provisions of the Rights, the terms upon which they shall be issued, and the respective rights, limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Rights Agent, and the holders of the Rights; and

WHEREAS, all acts and things have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Rights, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by or on behalf of the Rights Agent, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. 

Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Rights, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2. 

Rights.

2.1. 

Form of Right. Each Right shall be issued in registered form only, shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, the provisions of which are incorporated herein and shall be signed by, or bear the facsimile signature of, the Chairperson of the Board or Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company and shall bear a facsimile of the Companys seal. In the event the person whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any Right shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person signed the Right before such Right is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the date of issuance.

2.2. 

Effect of Countersignature. Unless and until countersigned by the Rights Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a Right shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exchanged for Shares.

1

2.3. 

Registration.

2.3.1. 

Right Register. The Rights Agent shall maintain books (Right Register) for the registration of original issuance and the registration of transfer of the Rights. Upon the initial issuance of the Rights, the Rights Agent shall issue and register the Rights in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with instructions delivered to the Rights Agent by the Company.

2.3.2. 

Registered Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Right, the Company and the Rights Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name such Right shall be registered upon the Right Register (registered holder) as the absolute owner of such Right and of each Right represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing on the Right Certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights Agent), for the purpose of the exchange thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

2.4. 

Detachability of Rights. The securities comprising the Units, including the Rights, will not be separately transferable until the 52nd day after the date hereof unless Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC and Seaport Global Securities LLC, the representatives of the underwriters in the Public Offering (the Representatives) inform the Company of their decision to allow earlier separate trading, but in no event will separate trading of the securities comprising the Units begin until (i) the Company files a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the receipt by the Company of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering including the proceeds received by the Company from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if the over- allotment option is exercised on the date hereof, and (ii) the Company issues a press release and files a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing when such separate trading shall begin.

3. 

Terms and Exchange of Rights.

3.1. 

Rights. Each Right shall entitle the holder thereof to receive one-fifth of one Share upon the happening of the Exchange Event (described below). Subject to Section 3.3.1 below with respect to the registered holders of Rights, in the event that the Company is not the surviving entity immediately following the Exchange Event, holders of Rights shall be entitled to automatically receive the kind and amount of securities or properties of the surviving entity as the holders of each one-fifth of one Share is entitled to receive in the Exchange Event. No additional consideration shall be paid by a holder of Rights in order to receive his, her or its Shares upon the Exchange Event as the purchase price for such Shares has been included in the purchase price for the Units. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Rights or issue fractional Shares.

3.2. 

Exchange Event. The Exchange Event shall be the Companys consummation of an initial Business Combination (as defined in the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as the same may be amended from time to time (Amended and Restated Memorandum)).

3.3. 

Exchange of Rights.

3.3.1. 

Issuance of Certificates. As soon as practicable upon the occurrence of the Exchange Event, the Company shall direct registered holders of the Rights to return their Right Certificates to the Rights Agent. Upon receipt of a valid Right Certificate, the Company shall issue to the registered holder of such Right(s) a certificate or certificates for the number of full Shares to which he, she or it is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it. Notwithstanding the foregoing, or any provision contained in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Rights. The Company shall not issue fractional shares upon exchange of Rights. At the time of the Exchange Event, the Company will instruct the Rights Agent to round down to the nearest whole Share or otherwise inform it how fractional shares will be addressed in accordance with Cayman Islands law as the same may be amended from time to time.

2

3.3.2. 

Valid Issuance. All Shares issued upon an Exchange Event in conformity with this Agreement shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

3.3.3. 

Date of Issuance. Each person in whose name any such certificate for Shares is issued shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such shares on the date of the Exchange Event, irrespective of the date of delivery of such certificate.

3.3.4. 

Company Not Surviving Following Exchange Event. If the Exchange Event results in the Company not continuing as a publicly held reporting entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of Rights to receive the same per share consideration as the holders of the Shares will receive in with the Exchange Event, for the number of shares such holder is entitled to pursuant to Section 3.3.1 above.

3.4. 

Duration of Rights. If the Exchange Event does not occur within the time period set forth in the Amended and Restated Memorandum, the Rights shall expire and shall be worthless.

4. 

Transfer and Exchange of Rights.

4.1. 

Registration of Transfer. The Rights Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Right upon the Right Register, upon surrender of such Right for transfer, properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions for transfer. Upon any such transfer, a new Right representing an equal aggregate number of Rights shall be issued and the old Right shall be cancelled by the Rights Agent. The Rights so cancelled shall be delivered by the Rights Agent to the Company from time to time upon request.

4.2. 

Procedure for Surrender of Rights. Rights may be surrendered to the Rights Agent, together with a written request for exchange or transfer, and thereupon the Rights Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Rights as requested by the registered holder of the Rights so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Rights; provided, however, that in the event that a Right surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend, the Rights Agent shall not cancel such Right and issue new Rights in exchange therefor until the Rights Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating whether the new Rights must also bear a restrictive legend.

4.3. 

Fractional Rights. The Rights Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which will result in the issuance of a Right Certificate for a fraction of a Right.

4.4. 

Service Charges. No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Rights.

4.5. 

Adjustments to Conversion Ratios. The number of Shares that the holders of Rights are entitled to receive as a result of the occurrence of an Exchange Event shall be equitably adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like with respect to Shares occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to the Exchange Event.

4.6. 

Right Execution and Countersignature. The Rights Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Rights required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4, and the Company, whenever required by the Rights Agent, will supply the Rights Agent with Rights duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

5. 

Other Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Rights.

5.1. 

No Rights as Shareholder. Until exchange of a Right for Shares as provided for herein, a Right does not entitle the registered holder thereof to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders in respect of the meetings of shareholders or the election of directors of the Company or any other matter.

3

5.2. 

Lost, Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Rights. If any Right is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Rights Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Right, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Right of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Right so lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed. Any such new Right shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Right shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

5.3. 

Reservation of Shares. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued Shares that will be sufficient to permit the exchange of all outstanding Rights issued pursuant to this Agreement.

6. 

Concerning the Rights Agent and Other Matters.

6.1. 

Payment of Taxes. The Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Rights Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of the Shares upon the exchange of Rights, but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Rights or such shares.

6.2. 

Resignation, Consolidation, or Merger of Rights Agent.

6.2.1. 

Appointment of Successor Rights Agent. The Rights Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. If the office of the Rights Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor Rights Agent in place of the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of 30 days after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Rights Agent or by the holder of the Right (who shall, with such notice, submit his, her or its Right for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Right may apply to the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Rights Agent at the Companys cost. Any successor Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York, in good standing and having its principal office in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor Rights Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Rights Agent with like effect as if originally named as Rights Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Rights Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Rights Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor Rights Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Rights Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Rights Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations.

6.2.2. 

Notice of Successor Rights Agent. In the event a successor Rights Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the predecessor Rights Agent and the transfer agent for the Shares not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

6.2.3. 

Merger or Consolidation of Rights Agent. Any corporation into which the Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or any corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Rights Agent under this Agreement without any further act.

4

6.3. 

Fees and Expenses of Rights Agent.

6.3.1. 

Remuneration. The Company agrees to pay the Rights Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Rights Agent hereunder and will reimburse the Rights Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Rights Agent may reasonably incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

6.3.2. 

Further Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4. 

Liability of Rights Agent.

6.4.1. 

Reliance on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer and delivered to the Rights Agent. The Rights Agent may rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4.2. 

Indemnity. The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. Subject to Section 6.6, the Company agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in the execution of this Agreement except as a result of the Rights Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct, or bad faith.

6.4.3. 

Exclusions. The Rights Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or execution of any Right (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Right; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Right or as to whether any Shares will, when issued, be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.

6.5. 

Acceptance of Agency. The Rights Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions herein set forth.

6.6. 

Waiver. The Rights Agent hereby waives any right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) in, or to any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Rights Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. This section shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

7. 

Miscellaneous Provisions.

7.1. 

Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

5

7.2. 

Notices. Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Right to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Company with the Rights Agent), as follows:

Maywood Acquisition Corp

418 Broadway, #6441

Albany, NY 12207

Attn: CEO

Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Right or by the Company to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Rights Agent with the Company), as follows:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Account Administration

with a copy in each case to:

Graubard Miller

The Chrysler Building

405 Lexington Avenue, 44th Floor

New York, New York 10174

Attn: David Alan Miller, Esq.

and

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10154

Attn: Mitchell Nussbaum, Esq.

and

Cohen & Company Capital Markets

a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC

3 Columbus Circle, 24th Floor

New York, New York 10019

Attn: Jerry Serowik

And

Seaport Global Securities LLC

360 Madison Avenue

22nd Floor

New York, NY 10017

Attn:

6

7.3. 

Applicable Law. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Rights shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 7.2 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim.

7.4. 

Persons Having Rights under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement expressed and nothing that may be implied from any of the provisions hereof is intended, or shall be construed, to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties hereto and the registered holders of the Rights and, for the purposes of Sections 3.1, 3.2, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof, the Representative, any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. The Representatives shall be deemed to be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement with respect to Sections 3.1, 3.2, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises, and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto (and the Representatives with respect to Sections 3.1, 3.2, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof) and their successors and assigns and of the registered holders of the Rights.

7.5. 

Examination of this Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Rights Agent in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, for inspection by the registered holder of any Right. The Rights Agent may require any such holder to submit his, her or its Right for inspection by it.

7.6. 

Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

7.7. 

Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation thereof.

7.8. 

Amendments. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any registered holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained herein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the registered holders. All other modifications or amendments shall require the written consent or vote of the registered holders of a majority of the then outstanding Rights. The provisions of this Section 7.8 may not be modified, amended or deleted without the prior written consent of the Representative.

7.9. 

Severability. This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, 

as Rights Agent 

By: 

/s/ Henry Farrell 

Name: 

Henry Farrell 

Title: 

Vice President 

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP 

By: 

/s/ Zikang Wu 

Name: 

Zikang Wu 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Rights Agreement- Maywood Acquisition Corp]

8

EXHIBIT A

Form of Right

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mayau_ex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
mayau_ex102.htm

EXHIBIT 10.2

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This Investment Management Trust Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of February 12, 2025 by and between Maywood Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation (the Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284082) (the Registration Statement) and prospectus (the Prospectus) for the initial public offering (the Offering) of the Companys units (the Units), each of which consists of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares), and one right entitling the holder thereof to receive one-fifth of one Share upon the completion of an initial Business Combination (as defined below), has been declared effective as of the date hereof by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; and

WHEREAS, the Company has entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, and Seaport Global Securities LLC, as representatives (the Representatives) of the several underwriters (the Underwriters) named therein;

WHEREAS, as described in the Prospectus, $75,000,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Units (as defined in the Registration Statement) (or $86,250,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be delivered to the Trustee to be deposited and held in a segregated trust account located at all times in the United States (the Trust Account) for the benefit of the Company, the holders of the Shares included in the Units issued in the Offering and the Underwriters as hereinafter provided (the amount to be delivered to the Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon) is referred to herein as the Property, the shareholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to as the Public Shareholders, and the Public Shareholders, the Company and the Underwriters will be referred to together as the Beneficiaries); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, a portion of the Property equal to $3,000,000, or $3,450,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full, is attributable to deferred underwriting commissions that will be payable by the Company to the Representatives upon and concurrently with the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined below) in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Deferred Fee); and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the Property.

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Agreements and Covenants of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Hold the Property in trust for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust Account established by the Trustee in the United States at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or at another U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more) and at a brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

(b) Manage, supervise and administer the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

1

(c) In a timely manner, upon the written instruction of the Company, (i) invest and reinvest the Property in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act), having a maturity of 185 days or less, and/or in any open ended investment company registered under the Investment Company Act that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraph (d) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations or (ii) hold the Property as uninvested cash or deposit the Property into an interest bearing or non-interest bearing demand deposit account at a U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company; it being understood that unless the Company instructs the Trustee to do either of the foregoing, the Trust Account will earn no interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder; and while funds are uninvested or invested, the Trustee may earn bank credits or other consideration during such periods;

(d) Collect and receive, when due, all principal, interest or other income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property, as such term is used herein;

(e) Promptly notify the Company and the Representatives of all communications received by the Trustee with respect to any Property requiring action by the Company;

(f) Supply any necessary information or documents as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection with the Companys preparation of the tax returns relating to assets held in the Trust Account;

(g) Participate in any plan or proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the Company to do so;

(h) Render to the Company monthly written statements of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements of the Trust Account;

(i) Commence liquidation of the Trust Account promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with the terms of, a letter from the Company (Termination Letter) in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable, signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Executive Vice President, Vice President, Secretary or Chairman of the board of directors of the Company (the Board) or other authorized officer of the Company, and, in the case of Exhibit A, acknowledged and agreed to by the Representatives, and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes paid or payable and, in the case of Exhibit B, up to $100,000 of interest to pay liquidation and dissolution expenses), only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents referred to therein; provided, however, that (i) in the event that a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee within the period of time provided in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, including all available extensions provided therein or as may be approved by the Companys shareholders (such later date being referred to as the Last Date), or (ii) upon the end of a 30-day cure period after the date any additional amount of funds was required to be deposited in the Trust Account as a condition of any extension of the Last Date approved by the Companys shareholders, the Trust Account shall be liquidated by the Trustee in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B or similar hereto (net of taxes payable or owed and less up to $100,000 of interest that may be released to the Company to pay dissolution expenses) and distributed to the Public Shareholders of record as of such date; it is acknowledged and agreed that there should be no reduction in the aggregate of the principal amount per share initially deposited in the Trust Account;

(j) Upon written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C (a Tax Payment / Dissolution Withdrawal Instruction), withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company the amount of interest earned on the Property requested by the Company to cover any tax obligation owed by the Company or up to $100,000 of interest for liquidation and dissolution expenses, which amount shall be delivered directly to the Company by electronic funds transfer or other method of prompt payment; provided, however, that to the extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account for such tax obligation, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account as shall be designated by the Company in writing to make such distribution (it being acknowledged and agreed that any such amount in excess of interest income earned on the Property shall not be payable from the Trust Account). The Tax Payment / Dissolution Withdrawal Instruction of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request;

2

(k) Upon written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit D (a Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction), the Trustee shall distribute to the Public Shareholders on behalf of the Company the amount requested by the Company to be used to redeem Shares from Public Shareholders properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to provide for redemption rights in accordance with the Registration Statement or to redeem 100% of the Shares included in the Units sold in the Offering (the Public Shares) if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within such time as is described in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to distribute said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request; and

(l) Not make any withdrawals or distributions from the Trust Account other than pursuant to Section 1(i), (j) or (k) above.

2. Agreements and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Give all instructions to the Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by the Companys Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer. In addition, except with respect to its duties under Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and shall be protected in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction which it, in good faith and with reasonable care, believes to be given by any one of the persons authorized above to give written instructions, provided that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions in writing;

(b) Subject to Section 4 hereof, hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all documented expenses, including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements, or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken by it hereunder and in connection with any action, suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any claim or demand, which in any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any interest earned on the Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. Promptly after the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which the Trustee intends to seek indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall notify the Company in writing of such claim (hereinafter referred to as the Indemnified Claim). The Trustee shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense against such Indemnified Claim; provided that the Trustee shall obtain the consent of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Trustee may not agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior written consent of the Company, which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company may participate in such action with its own counsel;

(c) Pay the Trustee the fees set forth on Schedule A hereto, including an initial acceptance fee, annual administration fee, and transaction processing fee which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood that the Property shall not be used to pay such fees unless and until it is distributed to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) through 1(k) hereof. The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance fee and the first annual administration fee at the consummation of the Offering. The Company shall not be responsible for any other fees or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section 2(c), Schedule A and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof;

(d) In connection with any vote of the Companys shareholders regarding a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination), provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of elections for the shareholder meeting verifying the vote of such shareholders regarding such Business Combination;

3

(e) Provide the Representatives with a copy of any Termination Letter(s) and/or any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with respect to any proposed withdrawal from the Trust Account promptly after it issues the same;

(f) Unless otherwise agreed between the Company and the Representatives, ensure that any Instruction Letter (as defined in Exhibit A) delivered in connection with a Termination Letter in the form of Exhibit A expressly provides that the Deferred Fee is paid in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement directly to the account or accounts directed by the Representatives prior to or concurrently with any transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account to the Company or any other person; and

(g) Instruct the Trustee to make only those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee to make any distributions that are not permitted under this Agreement.

3. Limitations of Liability. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a) Imply obligations, perform duties, inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement and that which is expressly set forth herein;

(b) Take any action with respect to the Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability to any third party except for liability arising out of the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct;

(c) Institute any proceeding for the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind with respect to, any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to do so and the Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any expenses incident thereto;

(d) Refund any depreciation in principal of any Property;

(e) Assume that the authority of any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise in such designation, or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f) The other parties hereto or to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in good faith and in the Trustees best judgment, except for the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. The Trustee may rely conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel (including counsel chosen by the Trustee, which counsel may be the Companys counsel), statement, instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as to its due execution and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information therein contained) which the Trustee believes, in good faith and with reasonable care, to be genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of this Agreement or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument delivered to the Trustee, signed by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall give its prior written consent thereto;

(g) Verify the accuracy of the information contained in the Registration Statement;

(h) Provide any assurance that any Business Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated by the Registration Statement;

(i) File information returns with respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written statements to the Company documenting the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property;

(j) Prepare, execute and file tax reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities relating to, the Trust Account, regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited to, tax obligations, except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or

4

(k) Verify calculations, qualify or otherwise approve the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j) or 1(k) hereof.

4. Trust Account Waiver. The Trustee has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it may have now or in the future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under Section 2(b) or Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets outside the Trust Account and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account.

5. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a) If the Trustee gives written notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to locate a successor trustee, pending which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the Company notifies the Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Trustee shall transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of copies of the reports and statements relating to the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however, that in the event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety (90) days of receipt of the resignation notice from the Trustee, the Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York or with the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from any liability whatsoever; or

(b) At such time that the Trustee has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(i) hereof and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall terminate except with respect to Section 2(b).

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to funds being transferred to or from the Trust Account to authorized persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained access to such information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee shall rely upon all information supplied to it by the Company, including account names, account numbers, and all other identifying information relating to a beneficiary, beneficiarys bank, or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct, the Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability, or expense resulting from any error in the information supplied to it or funds transferred based on such information.

(b) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for purposes of resolving any disputes hereunder. As to any claim, cross-claim, or counterclaim in any way relating to this Agreement, each party waives the right to trial by jury.

(c) This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except for Section 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof (which sections may not be modified, amended or deleted without the affirmative vote of fifty percent (50%) of the then outstanding Shares; provided that no such amendment will affect any Public Shareholder who has properly elected to redeem his or her Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend this Agreement), this Agreement or any provision hereof may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct a typographical error) by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto; provided, however, that no such change, amendment or modification to Section 1(i) or 2(f) or Exhibit A may be made without the prior written consent of the Representatives.

5

(d) The parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, State of New York, for purposes of resolving any disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

(e) Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or by electronic mail:

if to the Trustee, to:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Email: fwolf@continentalstock.com

cgonzalez@continentalstock.com

if to the Company, to:

Maywood Acquisition Corp.

418 Broadway, #6441

Albany,NY12207

Attn: Zikang Wu, Chief Executive Officer

Email: 

in each case, with copies to:

Graubard Miller

405 Lexington Avenue, 44th Floor

New York, NY 10174

Attn: David A. Miller and Jeffrey M. Gallant

Email: DMiller@Graubard.com and JGallant@Graubard.com

and

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue 

NewYork,NewYork10154

Attn: Mitchell S. Nussbaum, Esq.; David J. Levine, Esq.

Email: mnussbaum@loeb.com; dlevine@loeb.com

and

Nelsons 

The Grand Pavilion 

802 West Bay Road 

Bougainvillea Way 

Grand Cayman

Attn: Jonathan Fitzgibbons

Email: 

6

and

Cohen & Company Capital Markets

a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC

3 Columbus Circle, 24th Floor

New York, New York 10019

Attn: Jerry Serowik

and

Seaport Global Securities LLC

360 Madison Avenue, 22nd Floor

New York, NY 10017

Attn: Jack Mascone

Email: jmascone@seaportglobal.com

(f) Each of the Company and the Trustee hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and to perform its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make any claims or proceed against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account under any circumstance.

(g) This Agreement is the joint product of the Trustee and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(h) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

(i) Each of the Company and the Trustee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Representatives on behalf of the Underwriters are third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement.

(j) Except as specified herein, no party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person or entity without the prior written consent of the other.

[Signature Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee 

By: 

/s/ Francis Wolf 

Name: 

Francis Wolf 

Title: 

Vice President 

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 

/s/ Zikang Wu 

Name: 

Zikang Wu 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Investment Management Trust Agreement]

8

SCHEDULE A

Fee Item 

Time and method of payment 

Amount 

Initial set-up fee. 

Initial closing of Offering by wire transfer. 

Waived 

Trustee administration fee 

Payable annually. First year fee payable, at initial closing of Offering by wire transfer, thereafter by wire transfer or check. 

$ 

7,500.00 

Transaction processing fee for disbursements to Company under Section 1 

Billed to Company following disbursement made to Company under Section 1 

$ 

Waived 

Paying Agent services as required pursuant to Section 1(i) and 1(k) 

Billed to Company upon delivery of service pursuant to Section 1(i) and 1(k) 

By appraisal and agreement 

9

EXHIBIT A

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: 

Trust Account - Termination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Maywood Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (Trustee), dated as of February 12, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an agreement with____________ (the Target Business) to consummate a business combination with Target Business (the Business Combination) on or about [insert date]. The Company shall notify you at least seventy-two (72) hours in advance of the actual date (or such shorter period as you may agree) of the consummation of the Business Combination (the Consummation Date). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account, and to transfer the proceeds to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all of the funds held in the Trust Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the Company and the Representatives, solely with respect to the Deferred Fee, shall direct on the Consummation Date.

On the Consummation Date (i) counsel for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, or will be consummated concurrently with your transfer of funds to the accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification), and (ii) the Company shall deliver to you (a) a certificate of the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer or President, which verifies that the Business Combination has been approved by a vote of the Companys shareholders, if a vote is held and (b) a joint written instruction signed by the Company and the Representatives with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account, including payment of amounts owed to public shareholders who have properly exercised their redemption rights and payment of the Deferred Fee in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement directly to the account or accounts directed by the Representatives from the Trust Account (the Instruction Letter). You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt of the Notification and the Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify the Company in writing of the same and the Company shall direct you as to whether such funds should remain in the Trust Account and be distributed after the Consummation Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.

10

In the event that the Business Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified you on or before the original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, the funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business day immediately following the Consummation Date as set forth in such notice as soon thereafter as possible.

Very truly yours, 

Maywood Acquisition Corp. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Agreed and acknowledged by: 

Cohen & Company Capital Markets 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Seaport Global Securities LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

11

EXHIBIT B

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: 

Trust Account Termination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Maywood Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of February 12, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that the Company has been unable to effect a business combination with a Target Business (the Business Combination) within the time frame specified in the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as described in the Companys Prospectus relating to the Offering. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Account and to transfer the total proceeds into a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries to await distribution to the Public Shareholders less taxes payable and $100,000 to cover liquidation and dissolution expenses of the Company. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such $100,000 promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

The Company has selected _________ as the effective date for the purpose of determining when the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive their share of the liquidation proceeds. You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and, in your separate capacity as Paying Agent, agree to distribute said funds directly to the Companys Public Shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated, except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement.

Very truly yours, 

Maywood Acquisition Corp. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Cohen & Company Capital Markets; Seaport Global Securities LLC 

12

EXHIBIT C

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: 

Trust Account - Tax Payment / Dissolution Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(j) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Maywood Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of February 12, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company $__________ of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds [to pay for the tax obligations as set forth on the attached tax return or tax statement] [dissolution and liquidation expenses, which expenses will not exceed $100,000]. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

Very truly yours, 

Maywood Acquisition Corp, 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Cohen & Company Capital Markets; Seaport Global Securities LLC 

13

EXHIBIT D

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: 

Trust Account - Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(k) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Maywood Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of February 12, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the redeeming Public Shareholders of the Company $____ of the principal and interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries for distribution to the Public Shareholders who have requested redemption of their Shares. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds to pay its Public Shareholders who have properly elected to have their Shares redeemed by the Company in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. As such, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter.

Very truly yours, 

Maywood Acquisition Corp. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Cohen & Company Capital Markets; Seaport Global Securities LLC 

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mayau_ex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
mayau_ex103.htm

EXHIBIT 10.3

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 12, 2025, is made and entered into by and among Maywood Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), Maywood Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, and Seaport Global Securities LLC (the Representatives) and each of the undersigned parties listed on the signature page hereto under Holders (each such party, together with the Sponsor, the Representatives and any person or entity who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Agreement, a Holder and collectively the Holders).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Sponsor holds an aggregate of 3,018,750 Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares), up to 393,750 of which will be surrendered to the Company for no consideration depending on the extent to which the underwriters of the Companys initial public offering exercise their over-allotment option;

WHEREAS, on the date hereof, the Company entered into a Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement with the Sponsor (the Sponsor Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement), and a Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement with the Underwriters (collectively, with the Sponsor Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, the Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreements) pursuant to which the Sponsor and the Underwriters have agreed that they and/or their designees would purchase an aggregate of 237,500 units, or up to 265,625 units if the over-allotment option is exercised in full (the Private Placement Units) in a private placement transaction occurring simultaneously with the closing of the Companys initial public offering;

WHEREAS, in order to finance the Companys transaction costs in connection with its search for and consummation of a Business Combination (as defined below), the Sponsor, its affiliates or any of the Companys officers and directors may but are not obligated to, loan to the Company funds as the Company may require, of which up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units (Working Capital Units) at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender; and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Holders desire to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration rights with respect to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. The terms defined in this Article I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Adverse Disclosure shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive Officer or principal financial officer of the Company, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would be required to be made in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed, and (iii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information public.

1

Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Combination shall mean the initial merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities involving the Company.

Commission shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Demand Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Demanding Holder shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time

Form S-1 shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Form S-3 shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.

Founder Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Founder Shares Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to the Founder Shares, one year after the date of the consummation of the Companys Business Combination, or earlier, if, subsequent to such Business Combination, (i) the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property or (ii) the last reported sale price of the Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after an initial business combination.

Holders shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Insider Letter shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of the Companys officers, directors and director nominees.

Maximum Number of Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Misstatement shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement or Prospectus, or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading.

Permitted Transferees shall mean any person or entity to whom a Holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities prior to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, the Private Placement Lock-up Period or any other lock-up period, as the case may be, under the Insider Letter, the Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreements, this Agreement and any other applicable agreement between such Holder and the Company, and to any transferee thereafter.

Piggyback Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Private Placement Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to Private Placement Units (including the securities underlying the Private Placement Units) that are held by the initial purchasers of such Private Placement Units or their Permitted Transferees, the period ending at 30 days after the completion of the Companys Business Combination.

2

Private Placement Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreements shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Pro Rata shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Prospectus shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

Registrable Security shall mean (a) the Founder Shares, (b) the Private Placement Units (including underlying securities), (c) any outstanding Shares or any other equity security (including the Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise or exchange of any other equity security) of the Company held by a Holder as of the date of this Agreement, (d) any equity securities (including the Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise or exchange of any such equity security) of the Company issuable upon conversion of any working capital loans in an amount up to $1,500,000 made to the Company by a Holder (including the Working Capital Units and any underlying securities) and (e) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to any such security by way of a share capitalization or share split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization; provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (A) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; (B) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act; (C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; or (D) such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

Registration shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registration Expenses shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(A) all registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.) and any securities exchange on which the Shares are then listed;

(B) fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(C) printing, messenger, telephone and delivery expenses;

(D) reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company;

(E) reasonable fees and disbursements of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such Registration; and

(F) reasonable fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel selected by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration to be registered for offer and sale in the applicable Registration.

Registration Statement shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

3

Requesting Holder shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Shares shall mean the Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share.

Sponsor shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Underwriter shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such dealers market-making activities.

Underwritten Registration or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.

Working Capital Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

ARTICLE II

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Demand Registration.

2.1.1 Request for Registration. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, at any time and from time to time on or after the date the Company consummates the Business Combination, the Holders of at least fifteen percent (15%) of the then-outstanding number of Registrable Securities (the Demanding Holders) may make a written demand for Registration of all or part of their Registrable Securities, which written demand shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (such written demand a Demand Registration). The Company shall, within ten (10) days of the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, notify, in writing, all other Holders of Registrable Securities of such demand, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration (each such Holder that includes all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration, a Requesting Holder) shall so notify the Company, in writing, within five (5) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. Upon receipt by the Company of any such written notification from a Requesting Holder(s) to the Company, such Requesting Holder(s) shall be entitled to have their Registrable Securities included in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration and the Company shall effect, as soon thereafter as practicable, but not more than forty five (45) days immediately after the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, the Registration of all Registrable Securities requested by the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders pursuant to such Demand Registration. Under no circumstances shall the Company be obligated to effect more than an aggregate of three (3) Registrations pursuant to a Demand Registration under this subsection 2.1.1 with respect to any or all Registrable Securities; provided, however, that a Registration shall not be counted for such purposes unless a Form S-1 or any similar long-form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-1) has become effective, in accordance with Section 3.1 of this Agreement.

2.1.2 Effective Registration. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.1.1 above or any other part of this Agreement, a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration shall not count as a Registration unless and until (i) the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration has been declared effective by the Commission and (ii) the Company has complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect thereto; provided, further, that if, after such Registration Statement has been declared effective, an offering of Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration is subsequently interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission, federal or state court or any other governmental agency the Registration Statement with respect to such Registration shall be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until, (i) such stop order or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating such Demand Registration thereafter affirmatively elect to continue with such Registration and accordingly notify the Company in writing, but in no event later than five (5) days, of such election; and provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated or required to file another Registration Statement until the Registration Statement that has been previously filed with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration becomes effective or is subsequently terminated.

4

2.1.3 Underwritten Offering. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, if a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders so advise the Company as part of their Demand Registration that the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an Underwritten Offering, then the right of such Demanding Holder or Requesting Holder (if any) to include its Registrable Securities in such Registration shall be conditioned upon such Holders participation in such Underwritten Offering and the inclusion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering to the extent provided herein. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.1.3 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating the Demand Registration.

2.1.4 Reduction of Underwritten Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration, in good faith, advises the Company, the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell and the Shares, if any, as to which a Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by any other shareholders who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities), then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering, as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and Requesting Holder (if any) has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration (such proportion is referred to herein as Pro Rata)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Registrable Securities of Holders (Pro Rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has so requested) exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iv) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the Shares or other equity securities of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register in a Registration pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

2.1.5 Demand Registration Withdrawal. A majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration or a majority-in-interest of the Requesting Holders (if any), pursuant to a Registration under subsection 2.1.1 shall have the right to withdraw from a Registration pursuant to such Demand Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to the Registration of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.1.5.

5

2.2 Piggyback Registration.

2.2.1 Piggyback Rights. If, at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination, the Company proposes to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for the account of shareholders of the Company (or by the Company and by the shareholders of the Company including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee share option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed filing to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of such Registration Statement, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, and (B) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such Registration a Piggyback Registration). The Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in such Registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.2.1 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company.

2.2.2 Reduction of Piggyback Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be a Piggyback Registration, in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that the dollar amount or number of the Shares that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i) the Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then:

(a) If the Registration is undertaken for the Companys account, the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that such Holder has requested be included in such Registration), which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;

(b) If the Registration is pursuant to a request by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the Shares or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1, pro rata based on the number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has requested be included in such Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Holders have requested to be included in such Registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the Shares or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

6

2.2.3 Piggyback Registration Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Piggyback Registration (or, in the case of an Underwritten Registration pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, at least two (2) business days prior to the time of pricing of the applicable offering). The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3.

2.2.4 Unlimited Piggyback Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not be counted as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

2.3 Registrations on Form S-3. The Holders of Registrable Securities may at any time, and from time to time, request in writing that the Company, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), register the resale of any or all of their Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-3); provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect such request through an Underwritten Offering. Within five (5) days of the Companys receipt of a written request from a Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities for a Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall promptly give written notice of the proposed Registration on Form S-3 to all other Holders of Registrable Securities, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration on Form S-3 shall so notify the Company, in writing, within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. As soon as practicable thereafter, but not more than twelve (12) days after the Companys initial receipt of such written request for a Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall register all or such portion of such Holders Registrable Securities as are specified in such written request, together with all or such portion of Registrable Securities of any other Holder or Holders joining in such request as are specified in the written notification given by such Holder or Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such Registration pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof if (i) a Form S-3 is not available for such offering; or (ii) the Holders of Registrable Securities, together with the Holders of any other equity securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such Registration, propose to sell the Registrable Securities and such other equity securities (if any) at any aggregate price to the public of less than $10,000,000.

2.4 Restrictions on Registration Rights. If (A) during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the Companys good faith estimate of the date of the filing of, and ending on a date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of, a Company initiated Registration and provided that the Company has delivered written notice to the Holders prior to receipt of a Demand Registration pursuant to subsection 2.1.1 and it continues to actively employ, in good faith, all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Registration Statement to become effective; (B) the Holders have requested an Underwritten Registration and the Company and the Holders are unable to obtain the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite the offer; or (C) in the good faith judgment of the Board such Registration would be seriously detrimental to the Company and the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement at such time, then in each case the Company shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the Chairwoman of the Board stating that it is necessary to defer the filing of such Registration Statement and the reason for such deferral. In such event, the Company shall have the right to defer such filing for a period of not more than thirty (30) days; provided, however, that the Company shall not defer its obligation in this manner more than once in any 12-month period.

2.5 Limitations on Registration Rights. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Representatives shall not be entitled to more than one demand registration right at the Companys expense, be entitled to exercise any demand registration right herein more than five years following commencement of sales of the public offering and may not exercise any piggyback registration rights herein more than seven years from the commencement of sales of the public offering, in each case as set forth in FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8) as in effect on the date of this Agreement.

7

ARTICLE III

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1 General Procedures. If at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination the Company is required to effect the Registration of Registrable Securities, the Company shall use its best efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as expeditiously as possible:

3.1.1 prepare and file with the Commission as soon as practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement have been sold;

3.1.2 prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the Prospectus, as may be requested by the Holders or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

3.1.3 prior to filing a Registration Statement or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters, if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or the legal counsel for any such Holders may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holders;

3.1.4 prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise so subject;

3.1.5 cause all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

3.1.6 provide a transfer agent and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement;

3.1.7 advise each seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued;

3.1.8 at least five (5) days prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document to be incorporated by reference therein furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities and its counsel, including, without limitation, providing copies promptly upon receipt of any comment letters received with respect to any such Registration Statement or Prospectus;

8

3.1.9 notify the Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes a Misstatement, and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

3.1.10 permit a representative of the Holders (such representative to be selected by a majority of the participating Holders), the Underwriters, if any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons own expense, in the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration; provided, however, that such representatives or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information; and provided further, the Company may not include the name of any Holder or Underwriter or any information regarding any Holder or Underwriter in any Registration Statement or Prospectus, any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus, any document that is to be incorporated by reference into such Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any response to any comment letter, without the prior written consent of such Holder or Underwriter and providing each such Holder or Underwriter a reasonable amount of time to review and comment on such applicable document, which comments the Company shall include unless contrary to applicable law;

3.1.11 obtain a cold comfort letter from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten Registration which the participating Holders may rely on, in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.12 on the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the Holders, placement agent, sales agent, or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions and negative assurance letters, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.13 in the event of any Underwritten Offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing Underwriter of such offering;

3.1.14 make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission);

3.1.15 if the Registration involves the Registration of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000, use its reasonable efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in any Underwritten Offering; and

3.1.16 otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in connection with such Registration.

3.2 Registration Expenses. The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the Holders that the Holders shall bear all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions and discounts on such securities, brokerage fees on such securities and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses, all reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

9

3.3 Requirements for Participation in Underwritten Offerings. No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the Company pursuant to a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such persons securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

3.4 Suspension of Sales; Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains a Misstatement, each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it has received copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice), or until he, she or it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed. If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion in such Registration Statement of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys control, the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement for the shortest period of time, but in no event more than thirty (30) days, determined in good faith by the Company to be necessary for such purpose. In the event the Company exercises its rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection with any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities. The Company shall promptly notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during which it exercised its rights under this Section 3.4.

3.5 Reporting Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a reporting company under the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to promptly furnish the Holders with true and complete copies of all such filings. The Company further covenants that it shall take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell Shares held by such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), including providing any legal opinions. Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements.

ARTICLE IV

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 The Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers and directors and each person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein. The Company shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers and directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to the indemnification of the Holder.

4.1.2 In connection with any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish to the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors and officers and agents and each person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue statement of material fact contained in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein; provided, however, that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of the Company.

10

4.1.3 Any person entitled to indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (plus local counsel) for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

4.1.4 The indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of securities. The Company and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions as are reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event the Companys or such Holders indemnification is unavailable for any reason.

4.1.5 If the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability of any Holder under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above, any legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this subsection 4.1.5. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

11

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person or by courier service providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission by hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile. Each notice or communication that is mailed, delivered, or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served, sent, and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the third business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case of notices delivered by courier service, hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile, at such time as it is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be addressed, if to the Company, to: 418 Broadway, #6441, Albany, NY 12207, and, if to any Holder, at such Holders address or contact information as set forth in the Companys books and records. Any party may change its address for notice at any time and from time to time by written notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as provided in this Section 5.1.

5.2 Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or in part.

5.2.2 Prior to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or the Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be, no Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, except in connection with a transfer of Registrable Securities by such Holder to a Permitted Transferee but only if such Permitted Transferee agrees to become bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in this Agreement.

5.2.3 This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and the permitted assigns of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.

5.2.5 No assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void.

5.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (including facsimile or PDF counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

5.4 Governing Law; Venue. NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS AMONG NEW YORK RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK. ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY MAY BE INSTITUTED IN THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN EACH CASE LOCATED IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, AND EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.

12

5.5 Amendments and Modifications. Upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities at the time in question, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a holder of the capital shares of the Company, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

5.6 Other Registration Rights. The Company represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof, no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right to require the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any Registration filed by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person. Further, the Company represents and warrants that this Agreement supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and in the event of a conflict between any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

5.7 Term. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the tenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement or (ii) the date as of which no Registrable Securities remain outstanding. The provisions of Section 3.5 and Article IV shall survive any termination.

[Signature Page Follows]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP., a Cayman Islands exempted company 

By: 

/s/ Zikang Wu 

Name: 

Zikang Wu 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

MAYWOOD SPONSOR LLC 

By: 

/s/ Zikang Wu 

Name: 

Zikang Wu 

Title: 

Authorized Signatory 

COHEN & COMPANY CAPITAL MARKETS 

By: 

/s/ Jerry Serowik 

Name: 

Jerry Serowik 

Title: 

Senior Managing Director 

SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC 

By: 

s/ Jack Mascone 

Name: 

Jack Mascone 

Title: 

Head of Capital Markets 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>mayau_ex104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
mayau_ex104.htm

EXHIBIT 10.4

Maywood Acquisition Corp.

418 Broadway, #6441

Albany, NY 12207

February 12, 2025

Maywood Sponsor LLC

418 Broadway, #6441

Albany, NY 12207

Re: Administrative Services Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter agreement (this Agreement) by and between Maywood Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and the undersigned (Service Provider), dated as of the date hereof, will confirm our agreement that, commencing on the date the securities of the Company are first listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (the Listing Date), pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 and prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Registration Statement) and continuing until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination or the Companys liquidation (in each case as described in the Registration Statement) (such earlier date hereinafter referred to as the Termination Date):

1. The Service Provider shall make available, or cause to be made available, to the Company, at 418 Broadway, #6441, Albany, NY 12207 or any successor location, office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative services as may be reasonably required by the Company. In exchange therefor, the Company shall pay the Service Provider $1,667 per month on the Listing Date and continuing monthly thereafter until the Termination Date; and

2. The Service Provider hereby irrevocably waives any and all right, title, interest, causes of action and claims of any kind as a result of, or arising out of, this Agreement (each, a Claim) in or to, and any and all right to seek payment of any amounts due to it out of, the trust account established for the benefit of the public shareholders of the Company and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the Companys initial public offering will be deposited (the Trust Account), and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, this Agreement, which Claim would reduce, encumber or otherwise adversely affect the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account, and further agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction of any Claim against the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby.

This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto.

No party hereto may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other party. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee.

This Agreement constitutes the entire relationship of the parties hereto, and any litigation between the parties, whether grounded in contract, tort, statute, law or equity, shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New York.

[Signature Page Follows]

Very truly yours, 

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 

/s/ Zikang Wu 

Name: 

Zikang Wu 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

AGREED AND ACCEPTED BY: 

MAYWOOD SPONSOR LLC 

By: 

/s/ Zikang Wu 

Name: 

Zikang Wu 

Title: 

Authorized Signatory 

[Signature page to Administrative Services Agreement]

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>mayau_ex105.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
mayau_ex105.htm

EXHIBIT 10.5

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This agreement, made and entered into effective as of February 12, 2025 (Agreement), by and between Maywood Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (Company), and the undersigned indemnitee (Indemnitee).

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (Board) has determined that the ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors is in the best interests of the Companys shareholders; and

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company to obligate itself contractually to indemnify such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that such persons will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be adequately indemnified; and

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto and shall neither be deemed to be a substitute therefor nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee is willing to serve on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be indemnified according to the terms of this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

1.1 Change in Control means a change in control of the Company occurring after the date hereof of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or in response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement provided, however, that, without limitation, such a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if after the date hereof (i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than a person who is an officer or director of the Company on the date hereof (or any of such persons affiliates), is or becomes beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company without the prior approval of at least two-thirds of the members of the Board in office immediately prior to such person attaining such percentage interest; (ii) the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other reorganization, or a proxy contest, as a consequence of which (A) members of the Board in office immediately prior to such transaction or event constitute less than a majority of the Board thereafter or (B) the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction do not continue to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such transaction with the power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; or (iii) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board (including for this purpose any new director whose election or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board.

1.2 Corporate Status means the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. In addition, service at the actual request of the Company, for purposes of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be deemed to be serving or to have served at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of any other enterprise if Indemnitee is or was serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of such enterprise and (A) such enterprise is or at the time of such service was an affiliate of the Company, (B) such enterprise is or at the time of such service was an employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or an affiliate of the Company or (C) the Company or an affiliate of the Company directly or indirectly caused Indemnitee to be nominated, elected, appointed, designated, employed, engaged or selected to serve in such capacity.

1.3 Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

1.4 Expenses means all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs (including trial and appeals), transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, federal, state, local, or foreign taxes imposed as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, appealing, preparing to appeal (including without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any costs bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent), investigating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding.

1.5 Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any other matter material to either such party, or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel does not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. Except as provided in the first sentence of Section 9.3 hereof, Independent Counsel shall be selected by (a) the Disinterested Directors or (b) a committee of the Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors or if (a) and (b) above are not possible, then by a majority of the full Board.

1.6 Proceeding means any action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, administrative hearing or any other proceeding, whether conducted by or on behalf of the Company or any other party, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, and whether formal or informal, except one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

2. Services by Indemnitee.

Indemnitee agrees to serve as a director, officer or employee of the Company. Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from such position (subject to any other contractual obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of law).

3. Indemnification - General.

The Company shall indemnify, and, subject to Section 28 hereof, advance Expenses to, Indemnitee as provided in this Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in effect on the date hereof and to such greater extent as any amendment to or interpretation of applicable law may thereafter from time to time permit. The rights of Indemnitee provided under the preceding sentence shall include, but shall not be limited to, the rights set forth in the other Sections of this Agreement.

4. Proceedings Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.

Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, was or is threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Agreement, subject to Section 28 hereof, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with any such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, Indemnitee had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful.

2

5. Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.

Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee was or is threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Agreement, subject to Section 28 hereof, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against amounts paid in settlement and Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with the defense or settlement of any such Proceeding if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no indemnification under this paragraph shall be made in respect of (1) a threatened or pending Proceeding which is settled or otherwise disposed of, or (2) any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Company, by a court of competent jurisdiction and subject to no further appeal, unless and only to the extent that the court in which such Proceeding shall have been brought, was brought or is pending, shall determine, upon application, that Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such portion of the settlement amount and Expenses as the court deems proper.

6. Indemnification for Expenses of Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 28 hereof, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a party to and is successful, on the merits, procedurally or otherwise, in any Proceeding, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all judgments, penalties, fines, amounts paid in settlement and Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith (in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law). If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits, procedurally or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all judgments, penalties, fines, amounts paid in settlement and Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter (in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law). For purposes of this Agreement, the term successful, on the merits or otherwise, includes, but is not limited to, (i) any termination, withdrawal, or dismissal (with or without prejudice) of any Proceeding against the Indemnitee without any express finding of liability or guilt against Indemnitee, including a settlement (with or without court approval), a motion for summary judgment, or a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, and (ii) the expiration of 90 days after the making of any claim or threat of a Proceeding without the institution of the same and without any promise or payment made to induce a settlement.

7. Indemnification for Expenses as a Witness.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 28 hereof, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness in any Proceeding, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith.

8. Advancement of Expenses and Other Amounts.

Subject to Section 28 hereof, the Company shall advance all Expenses and, when eligible hereunder, judgments, penalties, fines, and amounts paid in settlement, incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses and, when eligible hereunder, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement, incurred by Indemnitee. In connection with any request for advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or amounts paid in settlement, Indemnitee shall not be required to provide any documentation or information to the extent that the provision thereof would undermine or otherwise jeopardize attorney-client privilege. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall constitute an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the advance (without interest) if and to the extent that it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment, not subject to further appeal, that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. The Companys obligation in respect of the advancement of Expenses and, when eligible hereunder, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection with a criminal Proceeding in which Indemnitee is a defendant shall terminate at such time as Indemnitee pleads guilty or is convicted after trial and such conviction becomes final and no longer subject to appeal. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay such amounts and, subject to judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement being eligible for indemnification hereunder, without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, within thirty days after any request by Indemnitee, the Company shall, in accordance with such request (but without duplication), (a) pay such Expenses on behalf of Indemnitee, (b) advance to Indemnitee funds in an amount sufficient to pay such Expenses, or (c) reimburse Indemnitee for such Expenses. The Company shall not seek from a court, or agree to, a "bar order" which would have the effect of prohibiting or limiting the Indemnitee's rights to receive advancement of Expenses and, when eligible hereunder, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement under this Agreement.

3

9. Procedure for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification.

9.1 To obtain indemnification under this Agreement in connection with any Proceeding, and for the duration thereof, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of any such request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification.

9.2 Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in such case: (i) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, by Independent Counsel (unless Indemnitee shall request that such determination be made by the Board or the shareholders, in which case such determination shall be made in the manner provided for in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this Section 9.2) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee; (ii) if a Change of Control shall not have occurred, at the election of the Company, (A) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors, or (B) if a quorum of the Board consisting of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable, by a majority of a committee of the Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors, or (C) by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (D) by the shareholders of the Company, by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of shareholders who are not parties to the proceeding, or if no such quorum is obtainable, by a majority vote of shareholders who are not parties to such proceeding; or (iii) as provided in Section 10.2 of this Agreement. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

9.3 If a Change in Control shall have occurred, Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee (or the Board, as the case may be) shall give written notice to the other party advising it of the identity of Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within seven days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection. Such objection may be asserted only on the ground that Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 1 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. If such written objection is made, Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction, for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by such court or by such other person as such court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom an objection is so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 9.2 hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with its actions pursuant to this Agreement, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 9.3, regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. Upon the due commencement date of any judicial proceeding pursuant to Section 11.1(iii) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

4

10. Presumptions and Effects of Certain Proceedings.

10.1 In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 9.1 of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption by clear and convincing evidence in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption.

10.2 If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 9 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment, not subject to further appeal; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith require(s) such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, however, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.2 shall not apply (i) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the shareholders pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement and if (A) within 15 days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination the Board has resolved to submit such determination to the shareholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within 75 days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of shareholders is called within 15 days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within 60 days after having been so called and such determination is made thereat, or (ii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement. In connection with each meeting at which a shareholder determination will be made, the Company shall solicit proxies that expressly include a proposal to indemnify or reimburse the Indemnitee. The Company shall afford the Indemnitee ample opportunity to present evidence of the facts upon which the Indemnitee relies for indemnification in any Company proxy statement relating to such shareholder determination. Subject to the fiduciary duties of its members under applicable law, the Board will not recommend against indemnification or reimbursement in any proxy statement relating to the proposal to indemnify or reimburse the Indemnitee.

10.3 The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful.

10.4 Reliance as Safe Harbor.

For purposes of this Agreement, the Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful, if Indemnitees action is based on (i) the records or books of account of the Company, or another enterprise, including financial statements, (ii) information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Company or another enterprise in the course of their duties, (iii) the advice of legal counsel for the Company or another enterprise, or of an independent certified public accountant or an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Company or another enterprise. The term another enterprise as used in this Section shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which the Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee or agent. The provisions of this Section shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth herein. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.4 are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence.

5

11. Remedies of Indemnitee.

11.1 In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (iii) the determination of indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement and such determination shall not have been made and delivered in a written opinion within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, or (v) payment of indemnification is not made within thirty (30) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate court of the Cayman Islands, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid in settlement. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication.

11.2 In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

11.3 If a determination shall have been made or deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

11.4 The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

11.5 In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section, seeks a judicial adjudication of his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other agreement, including any other indemnification, contribution or advancement agreement, or any provision of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company now or hereafter in effect, or for recovery under directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be entitled to recover from the Company, and shall be indemnified by the Company against, any and all expenses (of the kinds described in the definition of Expenses) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in such judicial adjudication, but only if Indemnitee prevails therein. In any suit brought by the Company to recover an advancement of Expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Company shall pay all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with such suit in the event the Indemnitee has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in defense of such suit. If it shall be determined in such judicial adjudication that Indemnitee is entitled to receive less than all of the indemnification or advancement of expenses sought, the expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such judicial adjudication shall be appropriately prorated. In addition, the Company shall, if so requested by Indemnitee, advance the foregoing expenses to Indemnitee, subject to and in accordance with Section 8.

6

12. Procedure Regarding Indemnification.

With respect to any Proceedings, the Indemnitee, prior to taking any action with respect to such Proceeding, shall consult with the Company as to the procedure to be followed in defending, settling, or compromising the Proceeding and may not consent to any settlement or compromise of the Proceeding without the written consent of the Company (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). The Company shall be entitled to participate in defending, settling or compromising any Proceeding and to assume the defense of such Proceeding with counsel of its choice and shall assume such defense if requested by the Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the election by, or obligation of, the Company to assume the defense of a Proceeding, the Indemnitee shall have the right to participate in the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel of Indemnitees choice, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnitee unless (i) the employment of such counsel has been authorized in writing by the Company, (ii) Indemnitee shall have reasonably determined that there is a conflict of interest between the Company and Indemnitee in the conduct of the defense of the Proceeding, (iii) the Indemnitee has reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available to Indemnitee which are different from or additional to those available to the Company (in which latter case the Company shall not have the right to direct the defense of such Proceeding on behalf of the Indemnitee), (iv) after a Change in Control, the employment of counsel by Indemnitee has been approved by the Independent Counsel, (v) the Company shall not in fact have employed counsel to assume the defense of such Proceeding, or (vi) the fees and expenses are non-duplicative and reasonably incurred in connection with Indemnitees role in the Proceedings, despite the Companys assumption of the defense, in each of which cases all Expenses of the Proceeding shall be borne by the Company. The Company shall not be entitled to assume the defense of any Proceeding brought by or on behalf of the Company, or as to which Indemnitee shall have made the determination provided for in (ii) above or under the circumstances provided for in (iii) and (iv) above. Indemnitee agrees that any such separate counsel retained by Indemnitee will be not more than one additional firm of attorneys , and such firm shall be a member of any approved list of panel counsel under the Companys applicable directors and officers liability insurance policy, should the applicable policy provide for a panel of approved counsel and should such approved panel list comprise law firms with well-established reputations in the type of litigation at issue. For clarity, the fact of a firms being part of a panel shall not be evidence of a firms having a well-established national reputation for the type of litigation at issue. If the Company assumes the defense of a Proceeding, then counsel for the Company and Indemnitee shall keep Indemnitee reasonably informed of the status of the Proceeding and promptly send to Indemnitee copies of all documents filed or produced in the Proceeding, and the Company shall not compromise or settle any such Proceeding without the written consent of the Indemnitee (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) if the relief provided shall be other than monetary damages and shall promptly notify the Indemnitee of any settlement and the amount thereof. 

13. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation; Contribution.

13.1 The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses and, when eligible hereunder, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or any provision hereof shall be effective as to any Indemnitee with respect to any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal.

13.2 To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees, agents or fiduciaries of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary under such policy or policies.

13.3 In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are reasonably necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

7

13.4 The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. 

13.5 If a determination is made that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, after Indemnitee submits a written request therefor, under this Agreement, then in respect of any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liability with the Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement by the Indemnitee in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Indemnitee on the other hand from the transaction from which Proceeding arose, and (ii) the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand in connection with the events that resulted in such Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or amounts paid in settlement, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such Expenses, judgments, fines or amounts paid in settlement. The Company agrees that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section were determined by pro rata allocation or any other method of allocation that does not take into account the foregoing equitable considerations. The determination as to the amount of the contribution, if any, shall be made by: (i) a court of competent jurisdiction upon the application of both the Indemnitee and the Company (if the Proceeding had been brought in, and final determination had been rendered by such court); (ii) the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors; or (iii) Independent Counsel, if a quorum is not obtainable for purpose of (ii) above, or, even if obtainable, a quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs.

14. Duration of Agreement.

This Agreement shall continue so long as Indemnitee may be subject to or a witness in any possible Proceeding in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder, and until one (1) year after the final termination of any such Proceeding then pending (including any rights of appeal thereto) and of any proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement relating thereto (including any rights of appeal thereto). This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and Indemnitees spouse, heirs, executors, personal representatives and administrators. The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all, substantially all, or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

15. Severability.

If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

16. Entire Agreement.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and the Indemnitee with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understanding, negotiations and discussion, both written and oral, between the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter (the Prior Agreements); provided, however, that if this Agreement shall ever be held void or unenforceable for any reasons whatsoever, and is not reformed pursuant to Section 15 hereof, then (i) this Agreement shall not be deemed to have superseded any Prior Agreements; (ii) all of such Prior Agreements shall be deemed to be in full force and effect notwithstanding the execution of this Agreement; and (iii) the Indemnitee shall be entitled to maximum indemnification benefits provided under any Prior Agreements, as well as those provided under applicable law, the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company, a vote of shareholders or resolution of directors.

8

17. Exception to Right of Indemnification or Advancement of Expenses.

17.1 Except as provided in Section 11.5, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, brought or made by Indemnitee against the Company.

17.2 Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or Company similar successor statute.

18. Covenant Not to Sue; Limitation of Actions; Release of Claims.

No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or on behalf of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) against the Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse, heirs, executors, personal representatives or administrators after the expiration of two (2) years from the date of accrual of such cause of action and any claim or cause of action of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the filing of a legal action within such two (2) year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitation is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action, such shorter period shall govern.

19. Identical Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

20. Headings.

The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

21. Modification and Waiver.

No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

22. Notice by Indemnitee.

Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or amounts paid in settlement covered hereunder. The failure to notify the Company on a timely basis shall not constitute a waiver of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement, except to the extent that such failure or delay (i) causes the amounts paid or to be paid by the Company to be greater than they otherwise would have been, (ii) adversely affects the Companys ability to obtain for itself or Indemnitee coverage or proceeds under any insurance policy available to the Company or Indemnitee, or (iii) otherwise results in prejudice to the Company.

9

23. Notices.

All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom such notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

If to Indemnitee, to the address set forth in the signature page hereto.

If to the Company, to:

Maywood Acquisition Corp.

418 Broadway, #6441

Albany, NY 12207

or to such other address or such other person as Indemnitee or the Company shall designate in writing in accordance with this Section, except that notices regarding changes in notices shall be effective only upon receipt.

24. Governing Law.

The parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and performed in that state without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws. The Company and Indemnitee each hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York for all purposes in connection with any action or proceeding that arises out of or relates to this Agreement and agrees that any action instituted under this Agreement shall be brought only in the courts of the State of New York.

25. Monetary Damages Insufficient; Specific Performance.

The Company and Indemnitee agree that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm (having agreed that actual and irreparable harm will result in not forcing the Company to specifically perform its obligations pursuant to this Agreement) and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by the Court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of a bond or undertaking. If Indemnitee seeks mandatory injunctive relief, it shall not be a defense to enforcement of the Companys obligations set forth in this Agreement that Indemnitee has an adequate remedy at law for damages.

26. Notice by Company. 

If the Indemnitee is the subject of, or is, to the knowledge of the Company, implicated in any way during an investigation, whether formal or informal, that is related to Indemnitees Corporate Status and that reasonably could lead to a Proceeding for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement, the Company shall notify the Indemnitee of such investigation and shall share (to the extent legally permissible) with Indemnitee any information it has provided to any third parties concerning the investigation (Shared Information). By executing this Agreement, Indemnitee agrees that such Shared Information is material non-public information that Indemnitee is obligated to hold in confidence and may not disclose publicly; provided, however, that Indemnitee may use the Shared Information and disclose such Shared Information to Indemnitees legal counsel and third parties, in each case solely in connection with defending Indemnitee from legal liability.

10

27. Mutual Acknowledgment.

Both the Company and Indemnitee acknowledge that, in certain instances, Federal law or applicable public policy may prohibit the Company from indemnifying its directors and officers under this Agreement or otherwise. Indemnitee understands and acknowledges that the Company has undertaken or may be required in the future in certain circumstances to undertake with the Securities and Exchange Commission to submit the question of indemnification to a court for a determination of the Companys right under public policy to indemnify Indemnitee.

28. Waiver of Claims to Trust Account.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

[Signature Page Follows]

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day and year first above written.

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

INDEMNITEE 

Name: 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Indemnification Agreement]

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>mayau_ex106.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INSIDER LETTER
<TEXT>
mayau_ex106.htm

EXHIBIT 10.6

February 12, 2025

Maywood Acquisition Corp.

418 Broadway, #6441

Albany, New York 12207

Re: Initial Public Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter (this Letter Agreement) is being delivered to you in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) entered into by and between Maywood Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC and Seaport Global Securities LLC as representatives (the Representatives) of the underwriters (the Underwriters), relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the Public Offering) of up to 8,625,000 of the Companys units (including up to 1,125,000 units which may be purchased to cover over-allotments, if any) (the Units), each comprised of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Class A Ordinary Shares), and one right (the Rights). Each Right entitles the holder to receive one-fifth of one Class A Ordinary Share upon consummation of a Business Combination (defined below). The Units shall be sold in the Public Offering pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284082) and prospectus (the Prospectus) filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and the Company shall apply to have the Units, Class A Ordinary Shares and Rights listed on the Nasdaq Global Market. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 11 hereof.

In order to induce the Company and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public Offering and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Maywood Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), and each of the undersigned individuals, each of whom is a member of the Companys board of directors and/or management team (each an Insider and, collectively, the Insiders) hereby agree with the Company as follows:

1. The Sponsor and each Insider agree that if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination, then in connection with such proposed Business Combination, it, he or she shall (i) vote all Founder Shares, any shares underlying the Private Placement Units and any shares acquired by it, him or her in the Public Offering or the secondary public market in favor of such proposed Business Combination, except as limited by applicable securities laws and (ii) not redeem any Class A Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her in connection with such shareholder approval. If the Company seeks to consummate a proposed Business Combination by engaging in a tender offer, the Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she will not sell or tender any Ordinary Shares (as defined below) owned by it, him or her in connection herewith.

2. The Sponsor and each Insider agree that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination by the date set forth in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time (the Memorandum and Articles, respectively), or such earlier date as Companys board of directors may approve, or such later date as the Companys shareholders may approve, in each case in accordance with the Memorandum and Articles (the Completion Window), the Sponsor and each Insider shall take all reasonable steps to cause the Company to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the Class A Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering (the Offering Shares), at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, plus any additional amounts as required below and including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, net of amounts previously released to the Company for working capital purposes and less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution and liquidation expenses), divided by the number of Offering Shares then in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish the Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and the Companys board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of all creditors and other requirements of applicable law. The Sponsor and the Insiders agree to not propose any amendment to the Memorandum and Articles not for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with the consummation of, a Business Combination (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem one hundred per cent (100%) of the Offering Shares if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to the rights of holders of Class A Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides its Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon effectiveness of any such amendment at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of Offering Shares then in issue, subject to applicable law. The Sponsor and each Insider acknowledges that it, he or she will not be entitled to rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares and any shares underlying the Private Placement Units held by it, him or her if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Completion Window; provided that it, he or she will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Offering Shares it, he or she holds if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. The Sponsor and each Insider hereby further acknowledge that it, he or she will not be entitled to (a) redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares, any shares underlying the Private Placement Units and Offering Shares held by it, him or her, in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, or (b) redemption rights with respect to Founder Shares, any shares underlying the Private Placement Units and Offering Shares held by it, him or her in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Memorandum and Articles in the manner described above.

3. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Memorandum and Articles, the Company hereby agrees to defend, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate (including the advancement of expenses to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) the Sponsor and its members (present and former), managers and affiliates and their respective present and former officers and directors (each, a Sponsor Indemnitee) from any and all costs, fees, expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, reasonable attorneys fees and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such costs, fees, expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably, incurred by a Sponsor Indemnitee or on a Sponsor Indemnitees behalf in connection with any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding instituted by the Company or any third party, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative in nature, in respect of any investment opportunities sourced by a Sponsor Indemnitee for the Company or any liability arising with respect to a Sponsor Indemnitees activities in connection with the affairs of the Company (in each case to the extent that such indemnification, hold harmless and exoneration obligations with respect to such matters are not expressly covered by a separate written agreement between the Company and the applicable Sponsor Indemnitee); provided, that in no event shall a Sponsor Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified or held harmless hereunder in respect of any costs, fees, expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that a Sponsor Indemnitee may incur by reason of such persons own actual fraud or intentional misconduct; provided, further, that, for the avoidance of doubt, under no circumstance shall a Sponsor Indemnitee have a claim to any monies or assets held in the Trust Account, and the Company shall not be permitted to procure monies or assets held in the Trust Account for the satisfaction of its obligations to any Sponsor Indemnitee in respect of the indemnification provided hereunder. The Sponsor Indemnitees shall be third-party beneficiaries of this paragraph.

2

4. During the period commencing on the effective date of the Underwriting Agreement and ending 180 days after such date, the undersigned shall not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives, (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, any Units, Class A Ordinary Shares, the Companys Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class B Ordinary Shares and, together with the Class A Ordinary Shares, the Ordinary Shares), Rights or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, any Units, Ordinary Shares or Rights; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to transfers to the Sponsor by the Insiders, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any Units, Ordinary Shares, Rights or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Units, Ordinary Shares or Rights, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii). If the undersigned is an officer or director of the Company, the undersigned further agrees that the forgoing restrictions shall be equally applicable to any issuer-directed Units that the undersigned may purchase in the Public Offering.

5. In the event of the liquidation of the Trust Account, the Sponsor (which for purposes of clarification shall not extend to any officer, member or manager of the Sponsor) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, whether pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) to which the Company may become subject as a result of any claim by (i) any third party (other than the Companys independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company or (ii) a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement (a Target); provided, however, that such indemnification of the Company by the Sponsor shall apply only to the extent necessary to ensure that such claims by a third party for services rendered (other than the Companys independent registered public accounting firm) or products sold to the Company or a Target do not reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (A) $10.00 per Offering Share or (B) such lesser amount per Offering Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not released to the Company and net of taxes payable, except as to any claims by a third party or Target that executed an agreement waiving claims against and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account whether or not such agreement is enforceable. In the event that any such executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against such third party, the Sponsor shall not be responsible for any liability as a result of any such third-party claims. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, such indemnification of the Company by the Sponsor shall not apply as to any claims under the Companys obligation to indemnify the Underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. The Sponsor shall have the right to defend against any such claim with counsel of its choice reasonably satisfactory to the Company if, within fifteen (15) days following written receipt of notice of the claim to the Sponsor, the Sponsor notifies the Company in writing that it shall undertake such defense.

6. To the extent that the Underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 1,125,000 Units (as described in the Prospectus), the Sponsor agrees, upon the expiration or waiver of such option, to forfeit and surrender for no consideration for cancellation, a number of Founder Shares equal to the product of 393,750 multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 1,125,000 minus the number of Units purchased by the Underwriters upon the exercise of their over-allotment option, and (ii) the denominator of which is 1,125,000. The forfeiture and surrender will be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the Underwriters so that the Founder Shares will represent approximately 26% of the Companys issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares after the Public Offering (excluding the Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Placement Units). The Sponsor further agrees that to the extent that the size of the Public Offering is increased or decreased and the Sponsor has either purchased or sold Ordinary Shares or an adjustment to the number of Founder Shares has been effected by way of a share dividend or share capitalization, or a surrender for no consideration or share contribution back to capital, or otherwise, in each case in connection with such increase or decrease in the size of the Public Offering, then (A) the references to 1,125,000 in the numerator and denominator of the formula in the first sentence of this paragraph 6 shall be changed to a number equal to 15% of the number of Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Units issued in the Public Offering and (B) the reference to 393,750 in the formula set forth in the first sentence of this paragraph 6 shall be adjusted to such number of Founder Shares that the Sponsor would have to collectively return to the Company in order for all holders of Founder Shares to hold an aggregate of approximately 26% of the Companys issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares after the Public Offering (excluding the Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Placement Units).

7. The Sponsor and each Insider hereby agrees and acknowledges that: (i) each of the Underwriters and the Company would be irreparably injured in the event of a breach by the Sponsor of its obligations (as applicable) under paragraphs 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 8(a) and 8(b) or by each Insider of his or her obligations under paragraphs 1, 2, 4, 8(a) and 8(b), (ii) monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for such breach and (iii) the non-breaching party shall be entitled to injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that such party may have in law or in equity, in the event of such breach.

3

8. Transfer Restrictions.

(a) Subject to the exceptions set forth herein, the Sponsor and each Insider agree not to Transfer any Founder Shares or the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Founder Shares held by it, him or her until the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the closing price of the Class A Ordinary Shares (or shares of common equity of the combined company listed on the exchange) equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any consecutive 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Business Combination and (ii) subsequent to a Business Combination, the date on which the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-up).

(b) Subject to the exceptions set forth herein, the Sponsor and each Insider agree not to Transfer any Private Placement Units (including the underlying securities) held by it, him or her until thirty (30) days after the completion of a Business Combination.

(c) Notwithstanding the provisions set forth in paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b), transfers of the Founder Shares (including the Class A Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the conversion of the Founder Shares) and Private Placement Units (and underlying securities) that are held by the Sponsor, any Insider or any of their permitted transferees, as applicable (that have complied with any applicable requirements of this paragraph 8(c)), are permitted (i) to the Companys or the Representatives officers, directors, advisors or consultants, any affiliate or family member of any of the Companys or the Representatives officers, directors, any members or partners of the Sponsor or their affiliates and funds and accounts advised by such members or partners, any affiliates of the Sponsor, or any employees of such affiliates; (ii) in the case of an individual, as a gift to such persons immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such persons immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (iii) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of such person; (iv) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (v) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement, in connection with an extension of the Completion Window or in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares or warrants were originally purchased; (vi) pro rata distributions from the Sponsor or the Representatives to their respective members, partners or shareholders pursuant to the Sponsors or the Representatives limited liability company agreement or other charter documents; (vii) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or the Sponsors limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of the Sponsor or upon dissolution of the Representatives; (viii) in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to consummation of a Business Combination; (ix) to a nominee or custodian of a person or entity to whom a transfer would be permissible under clauses (i) through (vii); or (x) to the Company for cancellation; provided, however, that, in the case of clauses (i) through (vii) and (ix), these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions herein and the other restrictions contained in this Letter Agreement (including provisions relating to voting, the Trust Account and liquidating distributions).

9. Each Insiders biographical information furnished to the Company and the Representatives that is included in the Prospectus is true and accurate in all respects and does not omit any material information with respect to such Insiders background and contains all of the information required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 401 of Regulation S-K, promulgated under the Securities Act. Each Insiders questionnaire furnished to the Company and the Representatives including any such information that is included in the Prospectus is true and accurate in all respects. Each Insider represents and warrants that: (i) such Insider is not subject to or a respondent in any legal action for, any injunction, cease-and-desist order or order or stipulation to desist or refrain from any act or practice relating to the offering of securities in any jurisdiction; (ii) such Insider has never been convicted of, or pleaded guilty to, any crime (A) involving fraud, (B) relating to any financial transaction or handling of funds of another person or (C) pertaining to any dealings in any securities and such Insider is not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding; and (iii) none of the Sponsor or any such Insider has ever been suspended or expelled from membership in any securities or commodities exchange or association or had a securities or commodities license or registration denied, suspended or revoked.

4

10. The Sponsor and each Insider has full right and power, without violating any agreement to which it, he or she is bound (including, without limitation, any non-competition or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement and, as applicable, to serve as an officer of the Company or as a director on the board of directors of the Company and each Insider hereby consents to being named in the Prospectus as an officer and/or director of the Company, as applicable.

11. As used herein, (i) Business Combination shall mean a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses or entities; (ii) Founder Shares shall mean the Class B Ordinary Shares held by the Sponsor prior to the consummation of the Public Offering; (iii) Private Placement Units shall mean the 237,500 units, or up to 265,625 units if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) that the Representatives and Sponsor have agreed to purchase at $10.00 per unit in a private placement that shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering; (iv) Public Shareholders shall mean the holders of Offering Shares other than the Sponsor and the Insiders; (v) Trust Account shall mean the trust fund into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units shall be deposited; and (vi) Transfer shall mean the (a) sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder with any respect to, any security, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b).

12. This Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended, modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto. Each of the parties hereto hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Representatives are third-party beneficiaries of this Letter Agreement, and that holders of the Offering Shares are third-party beneficiaries as to paragraph 2.

13. No party hereto may assign either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other parties. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph 13 shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall be binding on the Sponsor, each Insider and each of their respective successors, heirs and assigns and permitted transferees.

14. This Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto (i) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Letter Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York located in the City and County of New York, Borough of Manhattan, and irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and venue or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

15. Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or facsimile transmission.

16. This Letter Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-up or (ii) the liquidation of the Company; provided, however, that this Letter Agreement shall earlier terminate in the event that the Public Offering is not consummated and closed by December 31, 2025; provided, further, that paragraphs 2 and 5 of this Letter Agreement shall survive such liquidation.

[Signature Page Follows]

5

Sincerely, 

MAYWOOD SPONSOR, LLC 

By: 

/s/ Zikang Wu 

Name: 

Zikang Wu 

Title: 

Authorized Signatory 

INSIDERS: 

/s/ Zikang Wu 

Name: 

Zikang Wu 

/s/ Zixun Jin 

Name: 

Zixun Jin 

/s/ Hao Tian 

Name: 

Hao Tian 

/s/ Chao Yang 

Name: 

Chao Yang 

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement]

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>mayau_ex107.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SPONSOR NOTE
<TEXT>
mayau_ex107.htm

EXHIBIT 10.7

PROMISSORY NOTE

Dated as of February 12, 2025

Principal Amount: Up to $500,000 

New York, New York

Maywood Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (Maker), hereby promises to pay to the order of Maywood Sponsor, LLC (Payee) or its registered assigns or successors in interest, the principal sum of up to Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by Maker to such account as Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note.

1. Principal. The principal balance of this Note shall be payable by Maker in cash on the earlier of (a) the date on which Maker consummates its initial business combination (the Business Combination) or (b) the date of the liquidation of Maker. The principal balance may not be prepaid, and is only payable upon consummation by Maker of the Business Combination. Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities of Maker hereunder. If a Business Combination is not consummated, this Note will be extinguished.

2. Interest. No interest shall accrue or be charged by Payee on the unpaid principal balance of this Note.

3. Application of Payments; No Repayment. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorneys fees and then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. In the event a Business Combination is not consummated by Maker within the time prescribed in Makers amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as amended from time to time, the principal balance hereunder held in the Makers trust account established in connection with Makers initial public offering (the Trust Account), as well as any interest earned thereon, shall be distributed solely to Makers public shareholders upon Makers liquidation or dissolution.

4. Events of Default. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an event of default (Event of Default):

(a) Failure to Make Required Payments. Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of the date specified above.

(b) Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

(c) Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days.

1

5. Remedies.

(a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 4(a), Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding.

(b) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 4(b) or Section 4(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on the part of Payee.

6. Waivers. Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee.

7. Unconditional Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Makers liability hereunder.

8. Notices. All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made: (a) in writing and delivered personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address designated in writing, (b) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number as may be designated in writing by such party or (c) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail.

9. Construction. THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF.

10. Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

11. Trust Waiver. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Payee hereby waives any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) in or to any distribution of or from the Trust Account, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever; provided, however, that if Maker completes the Business Combination, Maker shall repay the principal balance of this Note, which may be out of the proceeds released to Maker from the Trust Account.

12. Amendment; Waiver. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of Maker and Payee.

13. Assignment. No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void; provided, however, that this Note shall be freely assignable by Payee to any assignee.

[Signature Page Follows]

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Promissory Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above written.

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 

/s/ Zikang Wu 

Name: 

Zikang Wu 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>mayau_ex108.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PURCHASE AGREEMENT WITH SPONSOR
<TEXT>
mayau_ex108.htm

EXHIBIT 10.8

PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of February 12, 2025 (as it may from time to time be amended and including all exhibits referenced herein, this Agreement), is entered into by and Maywood Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Maywood Sponsor LLC (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Company intends to consummate an initial public offering (the Public Offering) of the Companys units (the Public Units), each Public Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (each, a Share) and one right entitling the holder thereof to receive one-fifth of one Share upon the completion of an initial business combination (each, a Right). The Purchaser has agreed to purchase an aggregate of 125,000 units (the Private Placement Units).

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby, intending legally to be bound, agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

Section 1. Authorization, Purchase and Sale; Terms of the Private Placement Units.

A. Authorization of the Private Placement Units. The Company has duly authorized the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units to the Purchaser.

B. Purchase and Sale of the Private Placement Units.

On the date of the consummation of the Public Offering or on such earlier time and date as may be mutually agreed by the Purchaser and the Company (the Closing Date), the Company shall issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall purchase from the Company, an aggregate of 125,000 Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of $1,250,000 (the Purchase Price), which shall be deposited into an account for the benefit of the Company at least two business days prior to the effective date of the registration statement (Registration Statement) relating to the Public Offering and paid to the Company on the IPO Closing Date. On the IPO Closing Date, the Company shall either, at its option, deliver certificates evidencing the Private Placement Units purchased by the Purchaser on such date duly registered in the Purchasers name to the Purchaser, or effect such delivery in book-entry form. 

C. Terms of the Private Placement Units.

Each Private Placement Unit will be identical to the Public Units, except as described in the Registration Statement.

At or prior to the time of the Closing Date, the Company and the Purchaser shall enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company will grant certain registration rights to the Purchaser relating to the Private Placement Units and the Shares and Rights underlying the Private Placement Units.

Section 2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. As a material inducement to the Purchaser to enter into this Agreement and purchase the Private Placement Units, the Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser (which representations and warranties shall survive each Closing Date) that:

A. Organization and Corporate Power. The Company is an exempted company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results or assets of the Company. The Company possesses all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

1

B. Authorization; No Breach.

(i) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Private Placement Units have been duly authorized and approved by the Company. This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law). Upon each issuance of Private Placement Units in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms of this Agreement, the Private Placement Units will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law).

(ii) The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the Private Placement Units, the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units, and the Shares and Rights underlying the Private Placement Units and the fulfillment of, and compliance with, the respective terms hereof and thereof by the Company, do not and will not as of each Closing Date (a) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, (b) constitute a default under, (c) result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the Companys capital stock or assets under, (d) result in a violation of, or (e) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption, action, notice, declaration or filing, in each case, by or to any court or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to, the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company (in effect on the date hereof or as may be amended prior to completion of the contemplated Public Offering), or any material law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject, except for any filings required after the date hereof under federal or state securities laws.

C. Title to Securities. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, the Placement Units and the Shares and Rights underlying the Private Placement Units and the Shares underlying the Rights will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. On the date of issuance of the Placement Units, the Shares and Rights underlying the Placement Units and the Shares underlying the Rights shall have been reserved for issuance. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, the Purchaser will have good title to the Private Placement Units and the Shares and Rights underlying such Private Placement Units and the Shares underlying the Rights, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder and under the other agreements contemplated hereby, (ii) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws, and (iii) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of the Purchaser.

D. Governmental Consents. No permit, consent, approval, or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any governmental authority is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation by the Company of any other transactions contemplated hereby.

E. Regulation D Qualification. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its affiliates, members, officers, directors or beneficial shareholders of 20% or more of its outstanding securities, has experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

Section 3. Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. As a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement and issue and sell the Private Placement Units to the Purchaser, the Purchaser hereby, severally, and not jointly, represents and warrants to the Company (which representations and warranties shall survive each Closing Date) that:

A. Organization and Requisite Authority. The Purchaser possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2

B. Authorization; No Breach.

(i) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized and approved by the Purchaser. This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law).

(ii) The execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the fulfillment of and compliance with the terms hereof by the Purchaser does not and shall not as of each Closing Date conflict with or result in a breach by the Purchaser of the terms, conditions or provisions of any agreement, instrument, order, judgment, or decree to which the Purchaser is subject that would materially impact its ability to perform its obligations hereunder.

C. Investment Representations.

(i) The Purchaser is acquiring the Private Placement Units and the Shares and Rights underlying the Private Placement Units (collectively, the Securities) for the Purchasers own account, for investment purposes only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, any public sale or distribution thereof.

(ii) The Purchaser is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D of the Securities Act and the Purchaser has not experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

(iii) The Purchaser understands that the Securities are being offered and will be sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of the United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Purchasers compliance with, the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Purchaser to acquire such Securities.

(iv) The Purchaser did not decide to enter into this Agreement as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act.

(v) The Purchaser has been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Purchaser. The Purchaser has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the executive officers and directors of the Company. The Purchaser understands that its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk and it has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the acquisition of the Securities.

(vi) The Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities by the Purchaser nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(vii) The Purchaser understands that: (a) the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (1) subsequently registered thereunder or (2) sold in reliance on an exemption therefrom; and (b) except as specifically set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. While the Purchaser understands that Rule 144 under the Securities Act is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company, the Purchaser understands that Rule 144 includes an exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: (i) the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; (ii) the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act); (iii) the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and (iv) at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

3

(viii) The Purchaser has knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, understands the high degree of risk associated with investments in the securities of companies in the development stage such as the Company, is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities and is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities in the amount contemplated hereunder for an indefinite period of time. The Purchaser has adequate means of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies and will have no current or anticipated future needs for liquidity which would be jeopardized by the investment in the Securities. The Purchaser can afford a complete loss of its investment in the Securities.

Section 4. Conditions of the Purchasers Obligations. The obligations of the Purchaser to purchase and pay for the Private Placement Units are subject to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 shall be true and correct at and as of such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance. The Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by it on or before such Closing Date.

C. No Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated, or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

D. Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Registration Rights Agreement on terms satisfactory to the Purchaser.

E. Corporate Consents. The Company shall have obtained the consent of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units (including underlying securities) hereunder.

Section 5. Conditions of the Companys Obligations. The obligations of the Company to the Purchaser under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in Section 3 shall be true and correct at and as of such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance. The Purchaser shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by the Purchaser on or before such Closing Date.

C. Corporate Consents. The Company shall have obtained the consent of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units hereunder.

D. No Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated, or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

4

Section 6. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time after February 28, 2025 upon the election by either the Company or the Purchaser upon written notice to the other party if the closing of the Public Offering does not occur prior to such date.

Section 7. Survival of Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties contained herein shall survive each Closing Date.

Section 8. Definitions. Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the registration statement on Form S-1, which the Company has filed with the SEC under the Securities Act.

Section 9. Miscellaneous.

A. Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors of the parties hereto whether so expressed or not. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, the parties may not assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party hereto, other than assignments by the Purchaser to its affiliates (including, without limitation, one or more of its members).

B. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement.

C. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, none of which need contain the signatures of more than one party, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

D. Descriptive Headings; Interpretation. The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive part of this Agreement. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation.

E. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

F. Amendments. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto.

[Signature Page Follows]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP, a Cayman

Islands exempted company

By: 

/s/ Zikang Wu 

Name: 

Zikang Wu 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

PURCHASER:

MAYWOOD SPONSOR LLC

By: 

/s/ Zikang Wu 

Name: 

Zikang Wu 

Title: 

Authorized Signatory 

[Signature Page to Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement (Sponsor)]

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>mayau_ex109.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PURCHASE AGREEMENT WITH UNDERWRITERS
<TEXT>
mayau_ex109.htm

EXHIBIT 10.9

PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of February 12, 2025 (as it may from time to time be amended and including all exhibits referenced herein, this Agreement), is entered into by and Maywood Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, and Seaport Global Securities LLC (each a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, the Company intends to consummate an initial public offering (the Public Offering) of the Companys units (the Public Units), each Public Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (each, a Share) and one right entitling the holder thereof to receive one-fifth of one Share upon the completion of an initial business combination (each, a Right). The Purchasers have agreed to purchase an aggregate of 112,500 units (or 140,625 units in the aggregate to the extent the over-allotment option in connection with the Public Offering is exercised in full) (the Private Placement Units).

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby, intending legally to be bound, agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

Section 1. Authorization, Purchase and Sale; Terms of the Private Placement Units.

A. Authorization of the Private Placement Units. The Company has duly authorized the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units to the Purchasers.

B. Purchase and Sale of the Private Placement Units.

On the date of the consummation of the Public Offering or on such earlier time and date as may be mutually agreed by the Purchasers and the Company (the IPO Closing Date), the Company shall issue and sell to the Purchasers, and the Purchasers shall purchase from the Company, an aggregate of 112,500 Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of $1,125,000 (the Purchase Price), which shall be deposited into an account for the benefit of the Company at least two business days prior to the effective date of the registration statement (Registration Statement) relating to the Public Offering (the Funding Date) and paid to the Company on the IPO Closing Date. On the IPO Closing Date, the Company shall either, at its option, deliver certificates evidencing the Private Placement Units purchased by the Purchasers on such date duly registered in the Purchasers name to the Purchasers, or effect such delivery in book-entry form. On the date of the consummation of the closing of the over-allotment option in connection with the Public Offering or on such earlier time and date as may be mutually agreed by the Purchasers and the Company (each such date, an Over-allotment Closing Date, and each Over-allotment Closing Date (if any) and the IPO Closing Date being sometimes referred to herein as a Closing Date), the Company shall issue and sell to the Purchasers, and the Purchasers shall purchase from the Company, up to an aggregate of 28,125 Private Placement Units, in the same proportion as the amount of the over-allotment option that is exercised, at a price of $10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of up to $281,250 (if the over- allotment option in connection with the Public Offering is exercised in full) (the Over-allotment Purchase Price), which shall be deposited into an account for the benefit of the Company prior to the Over-allotment Closing Date and paid to the Company on the Over-allotment Closing Date. On the Over-allotment Closing Date, upon the payment by the Purchasers of the Over-allotment Purchase Price payable by it by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, the Company shall either, at its option, deliver certificates evidencing the Private Placement Units purchased by the Purchasers on such date duly registered in the Purchasers name to the Purchasers, or effect such delivery in book-entry form. Any unused portion of the Over-allotment Purchase Price shall be returned to the Purchasers following the Over-allotment Closing Date.

1

C. Terms of the Private Placement Units.

Each Private Placement Unit will be identical to the Public Units, except as described in the Registration Statement.

At or prior to the time of the IPO Closing Date, the Company and the Purchasers shall enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company will grant certain registration rights to the Purchasers relating to the Private Placement Units and the Shares and Rights underlying the Private Placement Units. Notwithstanding the provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Private Placement Units and the Shares and Rights underlying the Private Placement Units shall be subject to compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). The Purchasers may not exercise their demand or piggyback registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after the commencement of sales of the Public Offering and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion.

The Purchasers acknowledge that the Private Placement Units and underlying securities acquired or to be acquired hereby are subject to lock-up in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1) for a period of 180 days from the commencement of sales of the Public Offering and can only be transferred or sold pursuant to the exceptions in FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2)(B).

Section 2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. As a material inducement to the Purchasers to enter into this Agreement and purchase the Private Placement Units, the Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchasers (which representations and warranties shall survive each Closing Date) that:

A. Organization and Corporate Power. The Company is an exempted company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results or assets of the Company. The Company possesses all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

B. Authorization; No Breach.

(i) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Private Placement Units have been duly authorized and approved by the Company. This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law). Upon each issuance of Private Placement Units in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms of this Agreement, the Private Placement Units will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law).

(ii) The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the Private Placement Units, the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units, and the Shares and Rights underlying the Private Placement Units and the fulfillment of, and compliance with, the respective terms hereof and thereof by the Company, do not and will not as of each Closing Date (a) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, (b) constitute a default under, (c) result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the Companys capital stock or assets under, (d) result in a violation of, or (e) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption, action, notice, declaration or filing, in each case, by or to any court or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to, the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company (in effect on the date hereof or as may be amended prior to completion of the contemplated Public Offering), or any material law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject, except for any filings required after the date hereof under federal or state securities laws.

2

C. Title to Securities. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, the Placement Units and the Shares and Rights underlying the Private Placement Units and the Shares underlying the Rights will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. On the date of issuance of the Placement Units, the Shares and Rights underlying the Placement Units and the Shares underlying the Rights shall have been reserved for issuance. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, the Purchasers will have good title to the Private Placement Units and the Shares and Rights underlying such Private Placement Units and the Shares underlying the Rights, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder and under the other agreements contemplated hereby, (ii) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws, and (iii) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of the Purchasers.

D. Governmental Consents. No permit, consent, approval, or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any governmental authority is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation by the Company of any other transactions contemplated hereby.

E. Regulation D Qualification. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its affiliates, members, officers, directors or beneficial shareholders of 20% or more of its outstanding securities, has experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

Section 3. Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. As a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement and issue and sell the Private Placement Units to the Purchasers, each Purchaser hereby, severally, and not jointly, represents and warrants to the Company (which representations and warranties shall survive each Closing Date) that:

A. Organization and Requisite Authority. The Purchaser possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

B. Authorization; No Breach.

(i) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized and approved by the Purchaser. This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law).

(ii) The execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the fulfillment of and compliance with the terms hereof by the Purchaser does not and shall not as of each Closing Date conflict with or result in a breach by the Purchaser of the terms, conditions or provisions of any agreement, instrument, order, judgment, or decree to which the Purchaser is subject that would materially impact its ability to perform its obligations hereunder.

C. Investment Representations.

(i) The Purchaser is acquiring the Private Placement Units and the Shares and Rights underlying the Private Placement Units (collectively, the Securities) for the Purchasers own account, for investment purposes only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, any public sale or distribution thereof.

(ii) The Purchaser is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D of the Securities Act and the Purchaser has not experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

(iii) The Purchaser understands that the Securities are being offered and will be sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of the United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Purchasers compliance with, the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Purchaser to acquire such Securities.

(iv) The Purchaser did not decide to enter into this Agreement as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act.

3

(v) The Purchaser has been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Purchaser. The Purchaser has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the executive officers and directors of the Company. The Purchaser understands that its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk and it has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the acquisition of the Securities.

(vi) The Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities by the Purchaser nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(vii) The Purchaser understands that: (a) the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (1) subsequently registered thereunder or (2) sold in reliance on an exemption therefrom; and (b) except as specifically set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. While the Purchaser understands that Rule 144 under the Securities Act is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company, the Purchaser understands that Rule 144 includes an exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: (i) the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; (ii) the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act); (iii) the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and (iv) at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

(viii) The Purchaser has knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, understands the high degree of risk associated with investments in the securities of companies in the development stage such as the Company, is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities and is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities in the amount contemplated hereunder for an indefinite period of time. The Purchaser has adequate means of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies and will have no current or anticipated future needs for liquidity which would be jeopardized by the investment in the Securities. The Purchaser can afford a complete loss of its investment in the Securities.

Section 4. Conditions of the Purchasers Obligations. The obligations of the Purchasers to purchase and pay for the Private Placement Units are subject to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 shall be true and correct at and as of such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance. The Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by it on or before such Closing Date.

C. No Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated, or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

D. Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Registration Rights Agreement on terms satisfactory to the Purchasers. 

E. Corporate Consents. The Company shall have obtained the consent of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units (including underlying securities) hereunder.

4

Section 5. Conditions of the Companys Obligations. 

The obligations of the Company to the Purchasers under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained in Section 3 shall be true and correct at and as of such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance. The Purchasers shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by the Purchasers on or before such Closing Date.

C. Corporate Consents. The Company shall have obtained the consent of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units hereunder.

D. No Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated, or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 6. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time after February 28, 2025 upon the election by either the Company or the Purchasers upon written notice to the other party if the closing of the Public Offering does not occur prior to such date.

Section 7. Survival of Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties contained herein shall survive each Closing Date.

Section 8. Definitions. Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the registration statement on Form S-1, which the Company has filed with the SEC under the Securities Act.

Section 9. Miscellaneous.

A. Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors of the parties hereto whether so expressed or not. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, the parties may not assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party hereto, other than assignments by the Purchasers to their affiliates (including, without limitation, one or more of its members).

B. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement.

C. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, none of which need contain the signatures of more than one party, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

D. Descriptive Headings; Interpretation. The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive part of this Agreement. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation.

E. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

F. Amendments. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto.

[Signature Page Follows]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP, a Cayman

Islands exempted company

By: 

/s/ Zikang Wu 

Name: 

Zikang Wu 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

PURCHASERS:

COHEN & COMPANY CAPITAL MARKETS,

a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC

By: 

/s/ Jerry Serowik 

Name: 

Jerry Serowik 

Title: 

Senior Managing Director; Head of Capital Market 

SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES, LLC

By: 

/s/ Jack Mascone 

Name: 

Jack Mascone 

Title: 

Head of Capital Markets 

[Signature Page to Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement (Underwriters)]

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>mayau_ex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
mayau_ex991.htm

EXHIBIT 99.1

Maywood Acquisition Corp. Announces Pricing of $75,000,000 Initial Public Offering

NEW YORK, February 12, 2025 (ACCESS NEWSWIRE)Maywood Acquisition Corp. (the Company) announced today that it priced its initial public offering of 7,500,000 units at $10.00 per unit. The Companys units will be listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq) and will begin trading tomorrow, February 13, 2025, under the ticker symbol MAYAU. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one right entitling its holder to receive one fifth of one Class A ordinary share upon the Companys completion of an initial business combination, subject to adjustment. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the ordinary shares and rights are expected to be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols MAYA and MAYAR, respectively.

The Company is a Cayman exempt company, formed as a blank check company for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. The Company is led by its Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Zikang Wu.

Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, is acting as the lead book-running manager for the offering and Seaport Global Securities is acting as joint-book-runner for the offering. The Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,125,000 units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the prospectus may be obtained, when available, from Cohen & Company Capital Markets, 3 Columbus Circle, 24th Floor, New York, NY 10019, Attention: Prospectus Department, or by email at: capitalmarkets@cohencm.com.

A registration statement relating to these securities was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and was declared effective on February 12, 2025. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This press release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements, including with respect to the anticipated use of net proceeds. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the terms described, or at all, or that the net proceeds of the offering will be used as indicated. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Companys registration statement and preliminary prospectus for the offering filed with the SEC. Copies are available on the SECs website, www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.

Contact:

Zikang Wu

ir@maywoodacq.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>mayau-20250212.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>mayau-20250212_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address Address Line 2 

Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A ordinary share Units [Member] 

Class A Ordinary Shares [Member] 

Class A ordinary share Rights [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>mayau-20250212_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>mayau-20250212_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>mayau-20250212_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 12, 2025

Document Information Line Items 

Entity Registrant Name MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0002028355

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Document Period End Date Feb. 12, 2025

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Entity Incorporation State Country Code E9

Entity File Number 001-42518

Entity Address Address Line 1 418 Broadway

Entity Address Address Line 2 #6441

Entity Address City Or Town Albany

Entity Address State Or Province NY

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 12207

City Area Code 718

Local Phone Number 974-6945

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Class A ordinary share Units [Member] 

Document Information Line Items 

Security 12b Title Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right

Trading Symbol MAYAU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A Ordinary Shares [Member] 

Document Information Line Items 

Security 12b Title Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol MAYA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary share Rights [Member] 

Document Information Line Items 

Security 12b Title Rights, each entitling the holder to one-fifth of one Class A ordinary share upon the completion of the Companys initial business combination

Trading Symbol MAYAR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=mayau_ClassAordinaryshareUnitsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=mayau_ClassAOrdinarySharesMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=mayau_ClassAordinaryshareRightsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://mayau.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

mayau-20250212.xsd 
mayau-20250212_cal.xml 
mayau-20250212_def.xml 
mayau-20250212_lab.xml 
mayau-20250212_pre.xml 
mayau_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>0001477932-25-000965-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>mayau_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002028355 

2025-02-12 
2025-02-12 

0002028355 

mayau:ClassAordinaryshareUnitsMember 

2025-02-12 
2025-02-12 

0002028355 

mayau:ClassAOrdinarySharesMember 

2025-02-12 
2025-02-12 

0002028355 

mayau:ClassAordinaryshareRightsMember 

2025-02-12 
2025-02-12 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0002028355 
false 
8-K 
2025-02-12 
MAYWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. 
E9 
001-42518 
418 Broadway 
#6441 
Albany 
NY 
12207 
718 
974-6945 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right 
MAYAU 
NASDAQ 
Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
MAYA 
NASDAQ 
Rights, each entitling the holder to one-fifth of one Class A ordinary share upon the completion of the Companys initial business combination 
MAYAR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>