<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-006584.txt : 20250214
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-006584.hdr.sgml : 20250214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250214075550
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-006584
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250214
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vivos Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001716166
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				813224056
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39796
		FILM NUMBER:		25623274

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7921 SOUTHPARK PLAZA,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			LITTLETON
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(866)908-4867

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7921 SOUTHPARK PLAZA,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			LITTLETON
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vivos BioTechnologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170901
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000171616600017161662025-02-142025-02-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February
14, 2025

Vivos
Therapeutics, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39796 81-3224056

(State
or other jurisdiction of

incorporation
or organization) 

(Commission

file
number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

7921
Southpark Plaza, Suite 210

Littleton,
Colorado80120

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(844)672-4357

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share VVOS The
NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933
(230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry Into
a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 14, 2025, Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company), entered into an At The Market Offering Agreement,
(the Offering Agreement), with H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, as agent (Wainwright), pursuant
to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time through Wainwright shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001
per share (the Common Stock), having an aggregate value of up to $3,328,881 (the Shares).

The
offer and sale of the Shares will be made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 and the related prospectus (File No.
333-262554) filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), on February 7, 2022 and,
declared effective by the SEC on February 14, 2022, as supplemented by a prospectus supplement dated February 14, 2025 and filed
with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

Pursuant
to the Offering Agreement, Wainwright may sell the Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering
as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act including sales made by means of ordinary brokers transactions, including on The
Nasdaq Capital Market, at market prices or as otherwise permitted by law. Wainwright will use commercially reasonable efforts consistent
with its normal trading and sales practices to sell the Shares pursuant to the Offering Agreement from time to time, based upon instructions
from the Company, including any price or size limits or other customary parameters or conditions the Company may impose.

The
Company is not obligated to make any sales of the Shares under the Offering Agreement. The offering of Shares pursuant to the Offering
Agreement will terminate upon the earliest of (a) the sale of all of the Shares subject to the Offering Agreement and (b) the termination
of the Offering Agreement by Wainwright or the Company, as permitted therein.

The
Company will pay to Wainwright a cash commission of 3% of the gross sales price of any Common Stock sold under the Offering Agreement
and has agreed to provide Wainwright with customary indemnification and contribution rights. The Company will also reimburse Wainwright
for certain specified expenses in connection with entering into the Offering Agreement.

The
Offering Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and conditions to the sale of the Shares pursuant thereto.

The
foregoing description of the Offering Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such
agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference
into this Item 1.01. A copy of the opinion of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP relating to the legality of the Shares is filed
as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

This
Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Common Stock discussed herein,
nor shall there be any offer, solicitation, or sale of securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state.

Item
5.02 Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

As
previously reported on a Current Report filed on September 12, 2024 (the Previous 8-K), on September 7, 2024, the
Board, with the recommendation of the Compensation Committee of the Board and with reference to data provided by a third-party compensation
consultant, reviewed and approved amended and restated employment agreements for each of R. Kirk Huntsman, the Companys Chief
Executive Officer (the Amended and Restated Huntsman Agreement), and Bradford Amman, the Companys Chief Financial
Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (the Amended and Restated Amman Agreement), such agreements to take effect on January
1, 2025.

The
Amended and Restated Huntsman Agreement and the Amended and Restated Amman Agreement are filed respectively as Exhibit 10.2 and 10.3
to this Current Report. A description of the terms and provisions of these agreements are provided in the Previous 8-K.

Item 9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Exhibit

5.1 Opinion of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

10.1 At
the Market Offering Agreement, dated February 14 2025, between the Company and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC

10.2 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 2025, between the Company and R. Kirk Huntsman

10.3 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 2025, between the Company and Bradford Amman

23.1 Consent of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1 hereto)

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

VIVOS
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Dated:
February 14, 2025 By: /s/
R. Kirk Huntsman

R.
Kirk Huntsman

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1

1345
AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 11th FLOOR

NEW
YORK, NEW YORK 10017

TELEPHONE:
(212) 370-1300

FACSIMILE:
(212) 370-7889

www.egsllp.com

February
14, 2025

Vivos
Therapeutics, Inc.

at
7921 Southpark Plaza, Suite 210

Littleton,
Colorado 80120

Re:
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (333-262554)

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as counsel to Vivos Therapeutics Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the above-referenced
registration statement (the Registration Statement), the base prospectus dated February 14, 2022 (the Base
Prospectus) and the prospectus supplement dated February 14, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement and together
with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus), relating to the offering by the Company of up to $3,328,881
of shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001
per share (Common Stock). The Shares are covered by the Registration Statement and we understand that the Shares
are to be offered and sold in the manner described in the Prospectus. This opinion is being delivered at the request of the Company and
in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Commission.

For
purposes of this opinion, we have examined such documents and reviewed such questions of law as we have considered necessary and appropriate
for the purposes of our opinion set forth below. In rendering our opinion, we have assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted
to us as originals, the genuineness of all signatures and the conformity to authentic originals of all documents submitted to us as copies.
We have also assumed the legal capacity for all purposes relevant hereto of all natural persons and, with respect to all parties to agreements
or instruments relevant hereto other than the Company, that such parties had the requisite power and authority (corporate or otherwise)
to execute, deliver and perform such agreements or instruments, that such agreements or instruments have been duly authorized by all
requisite action (corporate or otherwise), executed and delivered by such parties and that such agreements or instruments are the valid,
binding and enforceable obligations of such parties. As to questions of fact material to our opinions, we have relied upon certificates
of officers of the Company and of public officials.

Based
upon and subject to the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and paid for as described
in the Prospectus, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable,.

We
express no opinion as to matters governed by any laws other than the Delaware General Corporation Law, the laws of the State of New York
and the federal laws of the United States of America, all as in effect on the date hereof.

We
consent to the filing of this opinion with the SEC as Exhibit 5.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February
14, 2025, which is incorporated by reference in the Prospectus. We also consent to the reference of our firm under the caption Experts
in the Prospectus and in each case in any amendment or supplement thereto. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are
in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 and Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder, nor do we admit that we are experts with respect
to any part of the Prospectus within the meaning of the term expert as used in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the related rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder.

Very truly
yours,

/s/ Ellenoff Grossman
& Schole LLP

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

AT
THE MARKET OFFERING AGREEMENT

February
14, 2025

H.C.
Wainwright & Co., LLC

430
Park Avenue

New
York, New York 10022

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

Vivos
Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), confirms its agreement (this Agreement)
with H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (the Manager) as follows:

1.
Definitions. The terms that follow, when used in this Agreement and any Terms Agreement, shall have the meanings indicated.

Accountants
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(m).

Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(p).

Affiliate
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(o).

Applicable
Time shall mean, with respect to any Shares, the time of sale of such Shares pursuant to this Agreement or any relevant Terms
Agreement.

Base
Prospectus shall mean the base prospectus contained in the Registration Statement at the Execution Time.

Board
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(iii).

Broker
Fee shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(v).

Business
Day shall mean any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, that, for purposes of clarity, commercial banks shall not be deemed
to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential
employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental
authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York
generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.

Common
Stock Equivalents shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(g).

Company
Counsel shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(l).

DTC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(vii).

Effective
Date shall mean each date and time that the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment or amendments thereto
became or becomes effective.

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated
thereunder.

Execution
Time shall mean the date and time that this Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties hereto.

Free
Writing Prospectus shall mean a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(m).

Incorporated
Documents shall mean the documents or portions thereof filed with the Commission on or prior to the Effective Date that are
incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus and any documents or portions thereof filed with the Commission
after the Effective Date that are deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus.

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(v).

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus shall mean an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433.

Losses
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 7(d).

2

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(t).

Net
Proceeds shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(v).

Permitted
Free Writing Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(g).

Placement
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(c).

Proceeding
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(b).

Prospectus
shall mean the Base Prospectus, as supplemented by the most recently filed Prospectus Supplement (if any).

Prospectus
Supplement shall mean each prospectus supplement relating to the Shares prepared and filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) from time
to time.

Registration
Statement shall mean the shelf registration statement (File Number 333-262554) on Form S-3, including exhibits and financial
statements and any prospectus supplement relating to the Shares that is filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) and deemed
part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B, as amended on each Effective Date and, in the event any post-effective amendment
thereto becomes effective, shall also mean such registration statement as so amended.

Representation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(k).

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(e).

Rule
158, Rule 164, Rule 172, Rule 173, Rule 405,
Rule 415, Rule 424, Rule 430B and Rule 433 refer
to such rules under the Act.

Sales
Notice shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(i).

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(m).

3

Settlement
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(b)(vii).

Subsidiary
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(a).

Terms
Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(a).

Time
of Delivery shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2(c).

Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means The Nasdaq Capital Market.

2.
Sale and Delivery of Shares. The Company proposes to issue and sell through or to the Manager, as sales agent and/or principal,
from time to time during the term of this Agreement and on the terms set forth herein, up to the lesser of such number of shares (the
Shares) of the Companys common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (Common Stock), that
does not exceed (a) the number or dollar amount of shares of Common Stock registered on the Registration Statement and as reflected on
the Prospectus Supplement, pursuant to which the offering is being made, (b) the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock
(less the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of any outstanding securities of the Company
or otherwise reserved from the Companys authorized capital stock), or (c) the number or dollar amount of shares of Common Stock
that would cause the Company or the offering of the Shares to not satisfy the eligibility and transaction requirements for use of Form
S-3, including, if applicable, General Instruction I.B.6 of Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the lesser of (a), (b) and (c), the Maximum
Amount). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the parties hereto agree that compliance with the limitations
set forth in this Section 2 on the number and aggregate sales price of Shares issued and sold under this Agreement shall be the sole
responsibility of the Company and that the Manager shall have no obligation in connection with such compliance.

(a)
Appointment of Manager as Selling Agent; Terms Agreement. For purposes of selling the Shares through the Manager, the Company
hereby appoints the Manager as exclusive agent of the Company for the purpose of selling the Shares of the Company pursuant to this Agreement
and the Manager agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices for similar
at the market programs to sell the Shares on the terms and subject to the conditions stated herein. The Company agrees that, whenever
it determines to sell the Shares directly to the Manager as principal, it will enter into a separate agreement (each, a Terms
Agreement) in substantially the form of Annex I hereto, relating to such sale in accordance with Section 2 of this
Agreement.

4

(b)
Agent Sales. Subject to the terms and conditions and in reliance upon the representations and warranties herein set forth, the
Company will issue and agrees to sell Shares from time to time through the Manager, acting as sales agent, and the Manager agrees to
use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell, as sales agent for the Company, on the following terms:

(i)
The Shares are to be sold on a daily basis or otherwise as shall be agreed to by the Company and the Manager on any day that (A) is a
Trading Day, (B) the Company has instructed the Manager by telephone (confirmed promptly by electronic mail) to make such sales (Sales
Notice) and (C) the Company has satisfied its obligations under Section 6 of this Agreement. The Company will designate the
maximum amount of the Shares to be sold by the Manager daily (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 2(d)) and the minimum price
per Share at which such Shares may be sold. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Manager shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to sell on a particular day all of the Shares designated for the sale by the Company on such day. The gross sales price of the
Shares sold under this Section 2(b) shall be the market price for the shares of Common Stock sold by the Manager under this Section 2(b)
on the Trading Market at the time of sale of such Shares.

(ii)
The Company acknowledges and agrees that (A) there can be no assurance that the Manager will be successful in selling the Shares, (B)
the Manager will incur no liability or obligation to the Company or any other person or entity if it does not sell the Shares for any
reason other than a failure by the Manager to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices
and applicable law and regulations to sell such Shares as required under this Agreement, and (C) the Manager shall be under no obligation
to purchase Shares on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement, except as otherwise specifically agreed by the Manager and the Company
pursuant to a Terms Agreement.

(iii)
The Company shall not authorize the issuance and sale of, and the Manager shall not be obligated to use its commercially reasonable efforts
to sell, any Share at a price lower than the minimum price therefor designated from time to time by the Companys Board of Directors
(the Board), or a duly authorized committee thereof, or such duly authorized officers of the Company, and notified
to the Manager in writing. The Company or the Manager may, upon notice to the other party hereto by telephone (confirmed promptly by
electronic mail), suspend the offering of the Shares for any reason and at any time; provided, however, that such suspension
or termination shall not affect or impair the parties respective obligations with respect to the Shares sold hereunder prior to
the giving of such notice.

5

(iv)
The Manager may sell Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415
under the Act, including without limitation sales made directly on the Trading Market, on any other existing trading market for the Common
Stock or to or through a market maker. The Manager may also sell Shares in privately negotiated transactions, provided that (A) such
sales shall not exceed the Maximum Amount (subject to Company stockholder approval under applicable laws and the rules and regulations
of the Trading Market) and (B) the Manager receives the Companys prior written approval for any sales in privately negotiated
transactions and if so provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Prospectus Supplement or a supplement to the
Prospectus Supplement or a new Prospectus Supplement disclosing the terms of such privately negotiated transaction.

(v)
The compensation to the Manager for sales of the Shares under this Section 2(b) shall be a placement fee of 3.0% of the gross sales price
of the Shares sold pursuant to this Section 2(b) (Broker Fee). The foregoing rate of compensation shall not apply
when the Manager acts as principal, in which case the Company may sell Shares to the Manager as principal at a price agreed upon at the
relevant Applicable Time pursuant to a Terms Agreement. The remaining proceeds, after deduction of the Broker Fee and deduction of any
transaction fees imposed by any clearing firm, execution broker, or governmental or self-regulatory organization in respect of such sales,
shall constitute the net proceeds to the Company for such Shares (the Net Proceeds).

(vi)
The Manager shall provide written confirmation (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) to the Company following the close of trading
on the Trading Market each day in which the Shares are sold under this Section 2(b) setting forth the number of the Shares sold on such
day, the aggregate gross sales proceeds and the Net Proceeds to the Company, and the compensation payable by the Company to the Manager
with respect to such sales.

(vii)
Unless otherwise agreed between the Company and the Manager, settlement for sales of the Shares will occur at 10:00 a.m. (New York City
time) on the first (1st) Trading Day, or any such shorter settlement cycle as may be in effect pursuant to Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange
Act from time to time, following the date on which such sales are made (each, a Settlement Date). On or before the
Trading Day prior to each Settlement Date, the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer the Shares
being sold by crediting the Managers or its designees account (provided that the Manager shall have given the Company written
notice of such designee at least one Trading Day prior to the Settlement Date) at The Depository Trust Company (DTC)
through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties
hereto which Shares in all cases shall be freely tradable, transferable, registered shares in good deliverable form. On each Settlement
Date, the Manager will deliver the related Net Proceeds in same day funds to an account designated by the Company. The Company agrees
that, if the Company, or its transfer agent (if applicable), defaults in its obligation to deliver duly authorized Shares on a Settlement
Date, in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Section 7 hereto, the Company will (i) hold the Manager
harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or reasonable, documented expense (including reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses),
as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company, and (ii) pay to the Manager any commission, discount or
other compensation to which the Manager would otherwise have been entitled absent such default.

6

(viii)
At each Applicable Time, Settlement Date, and Representation Date, the Company shall be deemed to have affirmed each representation and
warranty contained in this Agreement as if such representation and warranty were made as of such date, modified as necessary to relate
to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended as of such date. Any obligation of the Manager to use its commercially reasonable
efforts to sell the Shares on behalf of the Company shall be subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties
of the Company herein, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the continuing satisfaction of the additional
conditions specified in Section 6 of this Agreement.

(ix)
If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of
shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other
securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other
similar transaction) (a Distribution and the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive
the Distribution, the Record Date), the Company hereby covenants that, in connection with any sales of Shares pursuant
to a Sales Notice on the Record Date, the Company shall issue and deliver such Shares to the Manager on the Record Date and the Record
Date shall be the Settlement Date and the Company shall cover any additional costs of the Manager in connection with the delivery of
Shares on the Record Date.

7

(c)
Term Sales. If the Company wishes to sell the Shares pursuant to this Agreement in a manner other than as set forth in Section
2(b) of this Agreement (each, a Placement), the Company will notify the Manager of the proposed terms of such Placement.
If the Manager, acting as principal, wishes to accept such proposed terms (which it may decline to do for any reason in its sole discretion)
or, following discussions with the Company wishes to accept amended terms, the Manager and the Company will enter into a Terms Agreement
setting forth the terms of such Placement. The terms set forth in a Terms Agreement will not be binding on the Company or the Manager
unless and until the Company and the Manager have each executed such Terms Agreement accepting all of the terms of such Terms Agreement.
In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of a Terms Agreement, the terms of such Terms Agreement
will control. A Terms Agreement may also specify certain provisions relating to the reoffering of such Shares by the Manager. The commitment
of the Manager to purchase the Shares pursuant to any Terms Agreement shall be deemed to have been made on the basis of the representations
and warranties of the Company herein contained and shall be subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth. Each Terms Agreement
shall specify the number of the Shares to be purchased by the Manager pursuant thereto, the price to be paid to the Company for such
Shares, any provisions relating to rights of, and default by, underwriters acting together with the Manager in the reoffering of the
Shares, and the time and date (each such time and date being referred to herein as a Time of Delivery) and place
of delivery of and payment for such Shares. Such Terms Agreement shall also specify any requirements for opinions of counsel, accountants
letters and officers certificates pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement and any other information or documents required by the
Manager.

(d)
Maximum Number of Shares. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Shares if, after
giving effect to the sale of such Shares, the aggregate amount of Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement would exceed the lesser of (A)
together with all sales of Shares under this Agreement, the Maximum Amount, (B) the amount available for offer and sale under the currently
effective Registration Statement and (C) the amount authorized from time to time to be issued and sold under this Agreement by the Board,
a duly authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive committee, and notified to the Manager in writing. Under no circumstances
shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Shares pursuant to this Agreement at a price lower than the minimum price
authorized from time to time by the Board, a duly authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive officer, and notified to
the Manager in writing. Further, under no circumstances shall the Company cause or permit the aggregate offering amount of Shares sold
pursuant to this Agreement to exceed the Maximum Amount.

(e)
Regulation M Notice. Unless the exceptive provisions set forth in Rule 101(c)(1) of Regulation M under the Exchange Act are satisfied
with respect to the Shares, the Company shall give the Manager at least one (1) Business Days prior notice of its intent to sell
any Shares in order to allow the Manager time to comply with Regulation M.

8

3.
Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Manager at the Execution Time and
on each such time that the following representations and warranties are repeated or deemed to be made pursuant to this Agreement, as
set forth below, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Incorporated Documents.

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries (individually, a Subsidiary) of the Company are
set forth on Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on January 22, 2025. The
Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens
(which for purposes of this Agreement shall mean a lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right
or other restriction), and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully
paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor in default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws
or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in
good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property
owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be,
could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of this
Agreement, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects (as such prospects are disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Incorporated Documents) or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and
the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, from that set forth in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement,
the Prospectus or the Incorporated Documents, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material
respect on a timely basis its obligations under this Agreement (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect)
and no Proceeding (which for purposes of this Agreement shall mean any action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding
(including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened)
has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority
or qualification.

9

(c)
Authorization and Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board or the Companys stockholders in
connection herewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the
Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as
limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar
as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the issuance and sale of the Shares and
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the
Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents,
or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under,
result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights
of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time
or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other
understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is
bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order,
judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject
(including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound
or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person (defined as an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint
venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind,
including the Trading Market) in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, other than
(i) the filings required by this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) the filing of application(s)
to and approval by the Trading Market for the listing of the Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and
(iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) (collectively, the Required Approvals).

10

(f)
Issuance of Shares. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly
and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its
duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement. The issuance by the Company
of the Shares has been registered under the Act and all of the Shares are freely transferable and tradable by the purchasers thereof
without restriction (other than any restrictions arising solely from an act or omission of such a purchaser). The Shares are being issued
pursuant to the Registration Statement and the issuance of the Shares has been registered by the Company under the Act. The Plan
of Distribution section within the Registration Statement permits the issuance and sale of the Shares as contemplated by this
Agreement. Upon receipt of the Shares, the purchasers of such Shares will have good and marketable title to such Shares and the Shares
will be freely tradable on the Trading Market.

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company has not issued any capital stock
since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under
the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee
stock purchase plan and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of securities exercisable, exchangeable or convertible into Common
Stock (Common Stock Equivalents) outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the
Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate
in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding options, warrants,
scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the
capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is
or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance
and sale of the Shares will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports with respect to outstanding warrants containing customary stock based anti-dilution protection,
there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion,
exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no
outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are
no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security
of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements
or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding
shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval
or authorization of any stockholder, the Board or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Shares. There are no stockholders
agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a
party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

11

(h)
Registration Statement. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Act and has prepared and filed with the
Commission the Registration Statement, including a related Base Prospectus, for registration under the Act of the offering and sale of
the Shares. Such Registration Statement is effective and available for the offer and sale of the Shares as of the date hereof. As filed,
the Base Prospectus contains all material information required by the Act and the rules thereunder, and, except to the extent the Manager
shall agree in writing to a modification, shall be in all substantive respects in the form furnished to the Manager prior to the Execution
Time or prior to any such time this representation is repeated or deemed to be made. The Registration Statement, at the Execution Time,
each such time this representation is repeated or deemed to be made, and at all times during which a prospectus is required by the Act
to be delivered (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172, 173 or any similar rule) in connection with any offer or sale
of the Shares, meets the requirements set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(x). The initial Effective Date of the Registration Statement was not
earlier than the date three years before the Execution Time. The Company meets the transaction requirements as set forth in General Instruction
I.B.1 of Form S-3 or, if applicable, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3 with respect to the aggregate market value
of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) calendar months prior to such time that this representation
is made or deemed to be made.

(i)
Accuracy of Incorporated Documents. The Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material
respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder, and none of the Incorporated Documents, when they were filed
with the Commission, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus, when such documents are
filed with the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder, as
applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

12

(j)
Ineligible Issuer. (i) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement that the Company or another offering
participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2)) of the Shares and (ii) as of the Execution Time and on each
such time this representation is repeated or deemed to be made (with such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this
clause (ii)), the Company was not and is not an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405), without taking account of any determination
by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an Ineligible Issuer.

(k)
Free Writing Prospectus. The Company is eligible to use Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
will not include any information the substance of which conflicts with the information contained in the Registration Statement, including
any Incorporated Documents and any prospectus supplement deemed to be a part thereof that has not been superseded or modified; and each
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The foregoing
sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company by the Manager specifically for use therein. Any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that the Company
is required to file pursuant to Rule 433(d) has been, or will be, filed with the Commission in accordance with the requirements of the
Act and the rules thereunder. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule
433(d) or that was prepared by or behalf of or used by the Company complies or will comply in all material respects with the requirements
of the Act and the rules thereunder. The Company will not, without the prior consent of the Manager, prepare, use or refer to, any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectuses.

(l)
Proceedings Related to Registration Statement. The Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination
under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Act, and the Company is not the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the Act in connection
with the offering of the Shares. The Company has not received any notice that the Commission has issued or intends to issue a stop-order
with respect to the Registration Statement or that the Commission otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement, either temporarily or permanently, or intends or has threatened in writing to do so.

13

(m)
SEC Reports. The Company has complied in all material respects with the requirements to file all reports, schedules, forms, statements
and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d)
thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file
such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with
the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely
basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such
extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Act and the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time
of filing or as subsequently amended or corrected in a subsequent SEC Report. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(n)
[RESERVED]

14

(o)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date on which this representation
is being made, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables
and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be
reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or not required to be disclosed in filings made with the Commission,
(iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of
cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital
stock, (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate (defined as any
Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with
a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 144 under the Act), except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans,
and (vi) no executive officer of the Company or member of the Board has resigned from any position with the Company. The Company does
not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Shares contemplated
by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected
to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects (as such prospects are disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Incorporated Documents), properties, operations, assets or financial condition that
would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made
that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(p)
Litigation. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth in the SEC Reports, (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the Shares or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the Companys knowledge,
any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal
or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not
pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the
Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed
by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Act.

15

(q)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state,
local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages
and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(r)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(s) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as
all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

16

(t)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(u)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, except
where such non-compliance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(v)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None
of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date
of this Agreement, except where such expiration, termination or abandonment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe
upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge
of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable (other than patent or trademark applications) and there is no existing
infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security
measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

17

(w)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary for companies of a similar size in the businesses in which the Company and
the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(x)
Affiliate Transactions. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary
and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction
with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement
or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from,
providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or
such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(y)
Sarbanes Oxley Compliance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated
by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports with respect to material
weaknesses in internal controls, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide
reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii)
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability,
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to
any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have
evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period
covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The
Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation
Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the
Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial
reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

18

(z)
Certain Fees. Other than payments to be made to the Manager, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be
payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker,
bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Manager shall have no obligation with respect
to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that
may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(aa) No
Other Sales Agency Agreement. The Company has not entered into any other sales agency agreements or other similar arrangements with
any agent or any other representative in respect of at the market offerings of the Shares.

(bb) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares from the Manager
pursuant to this Agreement, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company
subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so as
to reasonably ensure that it or its Subsidiaries will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

19

(cc) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is listed on the Trading Market and the issuance of the Shares as contemplated by
this Agreement does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section
12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the
effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that
the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12
months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to
the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is,
and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance
requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established
clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing
corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(dd) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control
share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover
provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation
that is or could become applicable to the Shares.

(ee) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the date hereof, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys
assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities
(including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital
to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular
capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability
thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all
of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of
its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such
debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt) within one year
from the date hereof. The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization
or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the date hereof. The SEC Reports
set forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the
Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities
for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than accrued liabilities and trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary
course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether
or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties
by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z)
the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

20

(ff) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all required United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(gg) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to
foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
(iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of
which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

(hh) Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is set forth in the SEC Reports. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm
(i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial
statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

(ii)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of
the Shares, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of
the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Manager in connection with the Shares.

21

(jj) FDA.
As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the Federal
Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured, packaged, labeled,
tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical Product),
such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance
with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration, investigational use, premarket
clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices, product
listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure to be in compliance would not
have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, action (including any
lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication
from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the
uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any Pharmaceutical
Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising
or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical investigation by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters
or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges
any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and which, either individually or in the aggregate,
would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the Company have been and are being conducted in all
material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the
FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any product proposed to be developed, produced
or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving or clearing for marketing any product being developed
or proposed to be developed by the Company.

(kk) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results.

22

(ll) Cybersecurity.
(i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information
technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers,
vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data)
except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have
not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach
or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable
laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority,
internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such
IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards
to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all
IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with
industry standards and practices.

(mm) Compliance
with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the past three years were, in compliance
with all applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, as applicable, the European Union General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy Laws); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries
have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance with their policies and procedures relating
to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling and analysis of Personal Data (the Policies);
(iii) the Company provides accurate notice of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives
as required by Privacy Laws; and (iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current
privacy practices relating to its subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy
practices, as required by Privacy Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone
number, email address, photograph, social security number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which
would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal
data as defined by GDPR; and (iv) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his
or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual
orientation. (i) None of such disclosures made or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in
violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not result in a breach of any Privacy
Laws or Policies. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, (i) has, to the knowledge of the Company, received written notice of any
actual or potential liability of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries
of, any of the Privacy Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation or other
corrective action pursuant to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree,
or agreement by or with any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability under
any Privacy Law.

23

(nn) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any of the directors,
officers or employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by an individual
or entity that is: (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign
Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority
(collectively, Sanctions), nor (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject
of Sanctions. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the transactions contemplated
hereby, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or
entity: (i) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any individual or entity or in any country or territory that,
at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation
of Sanctions by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transactions contemplated hereby, whether
as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise). For the past five years, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has knowingly
engaged in, and is not now knowingly engaged in, any dealings or transactions with any individual or entity, or in any country or territory,
that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions.

(oo)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon the Managers
request.

(pp) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of
a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

24

(qq) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(rr) FINRA
Member Shareholders. There are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm among the Companys officers, directors or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any five percent (5%) or greater stockholder of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement,
the Base Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus.

4.
Agreements. The Company agrees with the Manager that:

(a)
Right to Review Amendments and Supplements to Registration Statement and Prospectus. During any period when the delivery of a
prospectus relating to the Shares is required (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172,
173 or any similar rule) to be delivered under the Act in connection with the offering or the sale of Shares, the Company will not file
any amendment to the Registration Statement or supplement (including any Prospectus Supplement) to the Base Prospectus unless the Company
has furnished to the Manager a copy for its review prior to filing and will not file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which
the Manager reasonably objects (provided, however, that the Company will have no obligation to provide the Manager any advance copy of
a filing or to provide the Manager an opportunity to object to a filing if such filing does not name the Manager and does not relate
to the transactions contemplated herein). The Company has properly completed the Prospectus, in a form approved by the Manager, and filed
such Prospectus, as amended at the Execution Time, with the Commission pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) by the Execution
Time and will cause any supplement to the Prospectus to be properly completed, in a form approved by the Manager, and will file such
supplement with the Commission pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) within the time period prescribed thereby and will
provide evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Manager of such timely filing. The Company will promptly advise the Manager (i) when
the Prospectus, and any supplement thereto, shall have been filed (if required) with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), (ii) when,
during any period when the delivery of a prospectus (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172, 173 or any similar rule)
is required under the Act in connection with the offering or sale of the Shares, any amendment to the Registration Statement shall have
been filed or become effective (other than any annual report of the Company filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act), (iii) of any request by the Commission or its staff for any amendment of the Registration Statement, or for any supplement to the
Prospectus or for any additional information, (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of
the Registration Statement or of any notice objecting to its use or the institution or threatening of any proceeding for that purpose
and (v) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Shares for sale
in any jurisdiction or the institution or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose. The Company will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or the occurrence of any such suspension or objection to the use of the Registration
Statement and, upon such issuance, occurrence or notice of objection, to obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal of such stop order
or relief from such occurrence or objection, including, if necessary, by filing an amendment to the Registration Statement or a new registration
statement and using its commercially reasonable efforts to have such amendment or new registration statement declared effective as soon
as practicable.

25

(b)
Subsequent Events. If, at any time on or after an Applicable Time but prior to the related Settlement Date, any event occurs as
a result of which the Registration Statement or Prospectus would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact necessary to make the statements therein in the light of the circumstances under which they were made or the circumstances
then prevailing not misleading, the Company will (i) notify promptly the Manager so that any use of the Registration Statement or Prospectus
may cease until such are amended or supplemented; (ii) amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus to correct such statement
or omission; and (iii) supply any such amendment or supplement to the Manager in such quantities as the Manager may reasonably request.

(c)
Notification of Subsequent Filings. During any period when the delivery of a prospectus relating to the Shares is required (including
in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172, 173 or any similar rule) to be delivered under the Act,
any event occurs as a result of which the Prospectus as then supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein in the light of the circumstances under which they were made not
misleading, or if it shall be necessary to amend the Registration Statement, file a new registration statement or supplement the Prospectus
to comply with the Act or the Exchange Act or the respective rules thereunder, including in connection with use or delivery of the Prospectus,
the Company promptly will (i) notify the Manager of any such event (provided that such notification to the Manager shall not be required
if a Sales Notice is not pending at the time of such event and if there have been no sale of Shares under this Agreement at the time
of or following such event but prior to Companys knowledge of such event, but such notification shall be required at least two
(2) Trading Days prior to delivery by the Company of any instruction to the Manager to sell Shares hereunder), (ii) subject to Section
4(a), prepare and file with the Commission an amendment or supplement or new registration statement which will correct such statement
or omission or effect such compliance, (iii) use its commercially reasonable efforts to have any amendment to the Registration Statement
or new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable in order to avoid any disruption in use of the Prospectus and
(iv) supply any supplemented Prospectus to the Manager in such quantities as the Manager may reasonably request.

26

(d)
Earnings Statements. As soon as practicable, the Company will make generally available to its security holders and to the Manager
an earnings statement or statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries which will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Act
and Rule 158. For the avoidance of doubt, the Companys compliance with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act shall be
deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 4(d).

(e)
Delivery of Registration Statement. Upon the request of the Manager, the Company will furnish to the Manager and counsel for the
Manager, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement (including exhibits thereto) and, so long as delivery of a prospectus
by the Manager or dealer may be required by the Act (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule
172, 173 or any similar rule), as many copies of the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and any supplement thereto as
the Manager may reasonably request. The Company will pay the expenses of printing or other production of all documents relating to the
offering.

(f)
Qualification of Shares. The Company will arrange, if necessary, for the qualification of the Shares for sale under the laws of
such jurisdictions in the United States of America as the Manager may designate and will maintain such qualifications in effect so long
as required for the distribution of the Shares; provided that in no event shall the Company be obligated to qualify to do business in
any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified or to take any action that would subject it to service of process in suits, other than
those arising out of the offering or sale of the Shares, in any jurisdiction where it is not now so subject.

(g)
Free Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that, unless it has or shall have obtained the prior written consent of the Manager,
and the Manager agrees with the Company that, unless it has or shall have obtained, as the case may be, the prior written consent of
the Company, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Shares that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405) required to be filed by the Company
with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Manager or the Company
is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that (i) it has treated and
will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and (ii) it has complied
and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus,
including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping.

27

(h)
Subsequent Equity Issuances. The Company shall not deliver any Sales Notice hereunder (and any Sales Notice previously delivered
shall not apply during such two (2) Trading Days) for at least two (2) Trading Days prior to any date on which the Company or any Subsidiary
offers, sells, issues, contracts to sell, contracts to issue or otherwise disposes of, directly or indirectly, any other shares of Common
Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents (other than the Shares), subject to Managers right to waive this obligation; provided that,
without compliance with the foregoing obligation, the Company may issue and sell Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (i) pursuant
to any employee equity plan, stock ownership plan or dividend reinvestment plan of the Company in effect from time to time, (ii) to officers,
directors, employees, consultants and contractors as compensation for services rendered to the Company and (iii) issuable upon the conversion
or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding at the Execution Time.

(i)
Market Manipulation. Until the termination of this Agreement, the Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed
to or that would constitute or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, stabilization
or manipulation in violation of the Act, Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder of the price of any security of the Company
to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares or otherwise violate any provision of Regulation M under the Exchange Act.

(j)
Notification of Incorrect Certificate. The Company will, at any time during the term of this Agreement, as supplemented from time
to time, advise the Manager immediately after it shall have received notice or obtained knowledge thereof, of any information or fact
that would alter or affect any opinion, certificate, letter and other document provided to the Manager pursuant to Section 6 herein;
provided that such notification to the Manager shall not be required if a Sales Notice is not pending at the time of such notice or knowledge
of such information or fact, but such notification shall be required at least two (2) Trading Days prior to delivery by the Company of
any instruction to the Manager to sell Shares hereunder.

28

(k)
Certification of Accuracy of Disclosure. Upon commencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement (and upon the recommencement
of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement following the termination of a suspension of sales hereunder lasting more than 30
Trading Days), and each time that (i) a new Registration Statement is filed and declared effective by the Commission, (ii) the Registration
Statement or Prospectus shall be amended or supplemented, other than by means of Incorporated Documents, (iii) the Company files its
Annual Report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Company files its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act,
(v) the Company files a Current Report on Form 8-K containing amended financial information (other than information that is furnished
and not filed), if the Manager reasonably determines that the information in such Form 8-K is material, or (vi) the Shares are delivered
to the Manager as principal at the Time of Delivery pursuant to a Terms Agreement (such commencement or recommencement date and each
such date referred to in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) above, a Representation Date), the Company shall furnish
or cause to be furnished to the Manager forthwith a certificate dated and delivered on the Representation Date, in form reasonably satisfactory
to the Manager to the effect that the statements contained in the certificate referred to in Section 6 of this Agreement which were last
furnished to the Manager are true and correct at the Representation Date, as though made at and as of such date (except that such statements
shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented to such date) or, in lieu of such
certificate, a certificate of the same tenor as the certificate referred to in said Section 6, modified as necessary to relate to the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented to the date of delivery of such certificate. The requirement to
provide a certificate under this Section 4(k) shall be waived for any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Sales Notice
is pending, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers a Sales Notice hereunder (which for
such calendar quarter shall be considered a Representation Date) and the next occurring Representation Date on which the Company files
its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company subsequently decides to sell Shares following a Representation
Date when the Company relied on such waiver and did not provide the Manager with a certificate under this Section 4(k), then before the
Company delivers a Sales Notice hereunder, the Company shall provide the Manager with such a certificate, dated the date of the Sales
Notice

29

(l)
Bring Down Opinions; Negative Assurance. Within five (5) Trading Days of each Representation Date, the Company shall furnish or
cause to be furnished forthwith to the Manager and to counsel to the Manager a written opinion of counsel to the Company (Company
Counsel) addressed to the Manager and dated and delivered within five (5) Trading Days of such Representation Date, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Manager, including a negative assurance representation. The requirement to furnish or cause
to be furnished an opinion (but not with respect to a negative assurance representation) under this Section 4(l) shall be waived for
any Representation Date other than a Representation Date on which a new Registration Statement is filed and declared effective by the
Commission or a material amendment to the Registration Statement or Prospectus is made or the Company files its Annual Report on Form
10-K or a material amendment thereto under the Exchange Act, unless the Manager reasonably requests such deliverable required by this
Section 4(l) in connection with a Representation Date, upon which request such deliverable shall be deliverable hereunder The requirement
to provide an opinion or negative assurance representation under this Section 4(l) shall be waived for any Representation Date occurring
at a time at which no Sales Notice is pending, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers
a Sales Notice hereunder (which for such calendar quarter shall be considered a Representation Date) and the next occurring Representation
Date on which the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company subsequently decides to
sell Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied on such waiver and did not provide the Manager with opinions and
a negative assurance representation under this Section 4(l), then before the Company delivers a Sales Notice hereunder, the Company shall
provide the Manager with such opinion and negative assurance, dated the date of the Sales Notice.

(m)
Auditor Bring Down Comfort Letter. Unless waived in writing by the Manager, within five (5) Trading Days of each
Representation Date, the Company shall cause (1) the Companys auditors (the Accountants), or other independent
accountants satisfactory to the Manager forthwith to furnish the Manager a letter, and (2) the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
forthwith to furnish the Manager a certificate, in each case dated within five (5) Trading Days of such Representation Date, in form
satisfactory to the Manager, of the same tenor as the letters and certificate referred to in Section 6 of this Agreement but modified
to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the date of such letters and certificate.
The requirement to furnish or cause to be furnished a comfort letter under this Section 4(m) shall be waived for any Representation
Date other than a Representation Date on which a new Registration Statement is filed and declared effective by the Commission or a material
amendment to the Registration Statement or Prospectus is made or the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K or a material amendment
thereto under the Exchange Act, unless the Manager reasonably requests the deliverables required by this Section 4(m) in connection with
a Representation Date, upon which request such deliverable shall be deliverable hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the requirement
to deliver or cause to be delivered one or more letters or certificates under this Section 4(m) shall, at the request of the Company,
be waived for any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Sales Notice is pending, which waiver shall continue until the
earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers a Sales Notice hereunder (which for such calendar quarter shall be considered a Representation
Date) and the next occurring Representation Date on which the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Company subsequently decides to sell Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied on such waiver and did not
provide the Manager with a letter or certificate under this Section 4(m), then before the Company delivers a Sales Notice hereunder,
the Company shall provide the Manager with such letter and certificate dated the date of the Sales Notice.

30

(n)
Due Diligence Session. Upon commencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement (and upon the recommencement of the
offering of the Shares under this Agreement following the termination of a suspension of sales hereunder lasting more than 30 Trading
Days), and at each Representation Date, the Company will conduct a due diligence session, in form and substance, reasonably satisfactory
to the Manager, which shall include representatives of management, Company Counsel and Accountants. The Company shall cooperate timely
with any reasonable due diligence request from or review conducted by the Manager or its agents from time to time in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, providing information and available documents and access
to appropriate corporate officers and the Companys agents during regular business hours, and timely furnishing or causing to be
furnished such certificates, letters and opinions from the Company, its officers and its agents, as the Manager may reasonably request.
The Company shall reimburse the Manager for Managers counsels fees in each such Representation Date, up to a maximum of
$5,000 per Representation Date in connection with a new Registration Statement or the filing of the Companys Annual Report on
Form 10-K and $2,500 in connection with each other Representation Date, plus any incidental expense incurred by the Manager in connection
therewith.

(o)
Acknowledgment of Trading. The Company consents to the Manager trading in the Common Stock for the Managers own account
and for the account of its clients at the same time as sales of the Shares occur pursuant to this Agreement or pursuant to a Terms Agreement.

(p)
Disclosure of Shares Sold. The Company will disclose in its Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as
applicable, the number of Shares sold through the Manager under this Agreement, the Net Proceeds to the Company and the compensation
paid by the Company with respect to sales of Shares pursuant to this Agreement during the relevant quarter; and, if required by any subsequent
change in Commission policy or request, more frequently by means of a Current Report on Form 8-K or a further Prospectus Supplement.

(q)
Rescission Right. If to the knowledge of the Company, the conditions set forth in Section 6 shall not have been satisfied as of
the applicable Settlement Date, the Company will offer to any person who has agreed to purchase Shares from the Company as the result
of an offer to purchase solicited by the Manager the right to refuse to purchase and pay for such Shares.

31

(r)
Bring Down of Representations and Warranties. Each acceptance by the Company of an offer to purchase the Shares hereunder, and
each execution and delivery by the Company of a Terms Agreement, shall be deemed to be an affirmation to the Manager that the representations
and warranties of the Company contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement are true and correct as of the date of such acceptance
or of such Terms Agreement as though made at and as of such date, and an undertaking that such representations and warranties will be
true and correct as of the Settlement Date for the Shares relating to such acceptance or as of the Time of Delivery relating to such
sale, as the case may be, as though made at and as of such date (except that such representations and warranties shall be deemed to relate
to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented relating to such Shares).

(s)
Reservation of Shares. The Company shall ensure that there are at all times sufficient shares of Common Stock to provide for the
issuance, free of any preemptive rights, out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock or shares of Common Stock held in
treasury, of the maximum aggregate number of Shares authorized for issuance by the Board pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The
Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Shares to be listed for trading on the Trading Market and to maintain
such listing.

(t)
Obligation Under Exchange Act. During any period when the delivery of a prospectus relating to the Shares is required (including
in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172, 173 or any similar rule) to be delivered under the Act,
the Company will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required
by the Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder.

(u)
DTC Facility. The Company shall cooperate with the Manager and use its reasonable efforts to permit the Shares to be eligible
for clearance and settlement through the facilities of DTC.

(v)
Use of Proceeds. The Company will apply the Net Proceeds from the sale of the Shares in the manner set forth in the Prospectus.

(w)
Filing of Prospectus Supplement. If any sales are made pursuant to this Agreement which are not made in at the market
offerings as defined in Rule 415, including, without limitation, any Placement pursuant to a Terms Agreement, the Company shall file
a Prospectus Supplement describing the terms of such transaction, the amount of Shares sold, the price thereof, the Managers compensation,
and such other information as may be required pursuant to Rule 424 and Rule 430B, as applicable, within the time required by Rule 424.

32

(x)
Additional Registration Statement. To the extent that the Registration Statement is not available for the sales of the Shares
as contemplated by this Agreement, the Company shall file a new registration statement with respect to any additional shares of Common
Stock necessary to complete such sales of the Shares and shall cause such registration statement to become effective as promptly as practicable.
After the effectiveness of any such registration statement, all references to Registration Statement included in
this Agreement shall be deemed to include such new registration statement, including all documents incorporated by reference therein
pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3, and all references to Base Prospectus included in this Agreement shall be deemed
to include the final form of base prospectus, including all documents incorporated therein by reference, included in any such registration
statement at the time such registration statement became effective.

5.
Payment of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay the costs and expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, including without limitation: (i) the preparation, printing
or reproduction and filing with the Commission of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits thereto), the
Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and each amendment or supplement to any of them; (ii) the printing (or reproduction)
and delivery (including postage, air freight charges and charges for counting and packaging) of such copies of the Registration Statement,
the Prospectus, and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and all amendments or supplements to any of them, as may, in each case, be reasonably
requested for use in connection with the offering and sale of the Shares; (iii) the preparation, printing, authentication, issuance and
delivery of certificates for the Shares, including any stamp or transfer taxes in connection with the original issuance and sale of the
Shares; (iv) the printing (or reproduction) and delivery of this Agreement, any blue sky memorandum and all other agreements or documents
printed (or reproduced) and delivered in connection with the offering of the Shares; (v) the registration of the Shares under the Exchange
Act, if applicable, and the listing of the Shares on the Trading Market; (vi) any registration or qualification of the Shares for offer
and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of the several states (including filing fees and the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel
for the Manager relating to such registration and qualification); (vii) the transportation and other expenses incurred by or on behalf
of Company representatives in connection with presentations to prospective purchasers of the Shares; (viii) the fees and expenses of
the Companys accountants and the fees and expenses of counsel (including local and special counsel) for the Company; (ix) the
filing fee under FINRA Rule 5110; (x) the reasonable fees and expenses of the Managers counsel, not to exceed $80,000 (excluding
any periodic due diligence fees provided for under Section 4(n)), which shall be paid upon the Execution Time; and (xi) all other costs
and expenses incident to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder.

33

6.
Conditions to the Obligations of the Manager. The obligations of the Manager under this Agreement and any Terms Agreement shall
be subject to (i) the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained herein as of the Execution
Time, each Representation Date, and as of each Applicable Time, Settlement Date and Time of Delivery, (ii) the performance by the Company
of its obligations hereunder and (iii) the following additional conditions:

(a)
Filing of Prospectus Supplement. The Prospectus, and any supplement thereto, required by Rule 424 to be filed with the Commission
have been filed in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) with respect to any sale of Shares; each Prospectus
Supplement shall have been filed in the manner required by Rule 424(b) within the time period required hereunder and under the Act; any
other material required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Act, shall have been filed with the Commission within
the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings by Rule 433; and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or any notice objecting to its use shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or
threatened.

(b)
Delivery of Opinion. The Company shall have caused the Company Counsel to furnish to the Manager its opinion and negative assurance
statement, dated as of such date and addressed to the Manager in form and substance acceptable to the Manager.

(c)
Delivery of Officers Certificate. The Company shall have furnished or caused to be furnished to the Manager a certificate
of the Company signed by the Chief Executive Officer or the President and the principal financial or accounting officer of the Company,
dated as of such date, to the effect that the signers of such certificate have carefully examined the Registration Statement, the Prospectus,
any Prospectus Supplement and any documents incorporated by reference therein and any supplements or amendments thereto and this Agreement
and that:

(i)
the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date
with the same effect as if made on such date and the Company has complied in all material respects with all the agreements and satisfied
all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to such date;

(ii)
no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice objecting to its use has been issued and no proceedings
for that purpose have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened; and

(iii)
since the date of the most recent financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Incorporated Documents,
there has been no Material Adverse Effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, business or properties of the Company
and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except as set forth
in or contemplated in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

34

(d)
Delivery of Accountants Comfort Letter. The Company shall have requested and caused the Accountants to have
furnished to the Manager letters (which may refer to letters previously delivered to the Manager), dated as of such date, in customary
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Manager, confirming that they are independent accountants within the meaning of the
Act and the Exchange Act and the respective applicable rules and regulations adopted by the Commission thereunder and that they have
performed a review of any unaudited interim financial information of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus and provide customary comfort as to such review in customary form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Manager.

(e)
No Material Adverse Event. Since the respective dates as of which information is disclosed in the Registration Statement, the
Prospectus and the Incorporated Documents, except as otherwise stated therein, there shall not have been (i) any change or decrease in
previously reported results specified in the letter or letters referred to in paragraph (d) of this Section 6 or (ii) any change, or
any development involving a prospective change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, business or properties
of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except
as set forth in or contemplated in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Incorporated Documents (exclusive of any amendment
or supplement thereto) the effect of which, in any case referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above, is, in the sole judgment of the Manager,
so material and adverse as to make it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Shares as contemplated
by the Registration Statement (exclusive of any amendment thereof), the Incorporated Documents and the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment
or supplement thereto).

(f)
Payment of All Fees. The Company shall have paid the required Commission filing fees relating to the Shares within the time period
required by Rule 456(b)(1)(i) of the Act without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r)
of the Act and, if applicable, shall have updated the Calculation of Registration Fee table in accordance with Rule 456(b)(1)(ii)
either in a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or on the cover page of a prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b).

(g)
No FINRA Objections. FINRA shall not have raised any objection with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and
arrangements under this Agreement.

(h)
Shares Listed on Trading Market. The Shares shall have been listed and admitted and authorized for trading on the Trading Market,
and satisfactory evidence of such actions shall have been provided to the Manager.

35

(i)
Other Assurances. Prior to each Settlement Date and Time of Delivery, as applicable, the Company shall have furnished to the Manager
such further information, certificates and documents as the Manager may reasonably request.

If
any of the conditions specified in this Section 6 shall not have been fulfilled when and as provided in this Agreement, or if any of
the opinions and certificates mentioned above or elsewhere in this Agreement shall not be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance
to the Manager and counsel for the Manager, this Agreement and all obligations of the Manager hereunder may be canceled at, or at any
time prior to, any Settlement Date or Time of Delivery, as applicable, by the Manager. Notice of such cancellation shall be given to
the Company in writing or by telephone and confirmed in writing by email.

The
documents required to be delivered by this Section 6 shall be delivered to the office of Lowenstein Sandler LLP, counsel for the Manager,
at 1251 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10020, email: SSkolnick@lowenstein.com, on each such date as provided in this Agreement.

7.
Indemnification and Contribution.

(a)
Indemnification by Company. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Manager, the directors, officers, employees
and agents of the Manager and each person who controls the Manager within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange Act against any
and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which they or any of them may become subject under the Act, the
Exchange Act or other Federal or state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages
or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in the Registration Statement for the registration of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in
the Base Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or in any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arise out of or are based upon any Proceeding, commenced or threatened
(whether or not the Manager is a target of or party to such Proceeding) or result from or relate to any breach of any of the representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement, and agrees to reimburse each such indemnified party for any
legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability
or action; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim,
damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission
made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Manager specifically for inclusion
therein. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that the Company may otherwise have.

36

(b)
Indemnification by Manager. The Manager agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its
officers who signs the Registration Statement, and each person who controls the Company within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange
Act, to the same extent as the foregoing indemnity from the Company to the Manager, but only with reference to written information relating
to the Manager furnished to the Company by the Manager specifically for inclusion in the documents referred to in the foregoing indemnity;
provided, however, that in no case shall the Manager be responsible for any amount in excess of the Broker Fee applicable
to the Shares and paid hereunder. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which the Manager may otherwise have.

(c)
Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 7 of notice of the commencement
of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under this Section
7, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof; but the failure so to notify the indemnifying party (i) will
not relieve it from liability under paragraph (a) or (b) above unless and to the extent it did not otherwise learn of such action and
such failure results in the forfeiture by the indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses and (ii) will not, in any event,
relieve the indemnifying party from any obligations to any indemnified party other than the indemnification obligation provided in paragraph
(a) or (b) above. The indemnifying party shall be entitled to appoint counsel of the indemnifying partys choice at the indemnifying
partys expense to represent the indemnified party in any action for which indemnification is sought (in which case the indemnifying
party shall not thereafter be responsible for the fees and expenses of any separate counsel retained by the indemnified party or parties
except as set forth below); provided, however, that such counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party.
Notwithstanding the indemnifying partys election to appoint counsel to represent the indemnified party in an action, the indemnified
party shall have the right to employ separate counsel (including local counsel), and the indemnifying party shall bear the reasonable
fees, costs and expenses of such separate counsel if (i) the use of counsel chosen by the indemnifying party to represent the indemnified
party would present such counsel with a conflict of interest, (ii) the actual or potential defendants in, or targets of, any such action
include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that there may
be legal defenses available to it and/or other indemnified parties which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying
party, (iii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the
indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of the institution of such action or (iv) the indemnifying party shall authorize
the indemnified party to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party. An indemnifying party will not, without the
prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any pending
or threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether
or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties to such claim or action) unless such settlement, compromise or consent
includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such claim, action, suit or proceeding.

37

(d)
Contribution. In the event that the indemnity provided in paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of this Section 7 is unavailable to or insufficient
to hold harmless an indemnified party for any reason, the Company and the Manager agree to contribute to the aggregate losses, claims,
damages and liabilities (including legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating or defending the same)
(collectively Losses) to which the Company and the Manager may be subject in such proportion as is appropriate to
reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and by the Manager on the other from the offering of the Shares;
provided, however, that in no case shall the Manager be responsible for any amount in excess of the Broker Fee applicable
to the Shares and paid hereunder. If the allocation provided by the immediately preceding sentence is unavailable for any reason, the
Company and the Manager severally shall contribute in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only such relative benefits but
also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Manager on the other in connection with the statements or omissions
which resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. Benefits received by the Company shall be deemed
to be equal to the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses) received by it, and benefits received by the Manager
shall be deemed to be equal to the Broker Fee applicable to the Shares and paid hereunder as determined by this Agreement. Relative fault
shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any untrue or any alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the
omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information provided by the Company on the one hand or the Manager on
the other, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue
statement or omission. The Company and the Manager agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution were determined by pro
rata allocation or any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above. Notwithstanding
the provisions of this paragraph (d), no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act)
shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section
7, each person who controls the Manager within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange Act and each director, officer, employee
and agent of the Manager shall have the same rights to contribution as the Manager, and each person who controls the Company within the
meaning of either the Act or the Exchange Act, each officer of the Company who shall have signed the Registration Statement and each
director of the Company shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the applicable terms and conditions
of this paragraph (d).

38

8.
Termination.

(a)
The Company shall have the right, by giving written notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate the provisions of this Agreement relating
to the solicitation of offers to purchase the Shares in its sole discretion at any time upon three (3) Business Days prior written
notice. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that (i) with respect to any pending sale,
through the Manager for the Company, the obligations of the Company, including in respect of compensation of the Manager, shall remain
in full force and effect notwithstanding the termination and (ii) the provisions of Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, the second sentence
of 13, 14 and 15 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(b)
The Manager shall have the right, by giving written notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate the provisions of this Agreement relating
to the solicitation of offers to purchase the Shares in its sole discretion at any time. Any such termination shall be without liability
of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, the second sentence of 13, 14 and 15 of
this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(c)
This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect until such date that this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Sections 8(a) or (b)
above or otherwise by mutual agreement of the parties, provided that any such termination by mutual agreement shall in all cases be deemed
to provide that Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, the second sentence of 13, 14 and 15 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and
effect.

(d)
Any termination of this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination, provided that such termination
shall not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice by the Manager or the Company, as the case may
be. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date or Time of Delivery for any sale of the Shares, such sale of the Shares
shall settle in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(b) of this Agreement.

39

(e)
In the case of any purchase of Shares by the Manager pursuant to a Terms Agreement, the obligations of the Manager pursuant to such Terms
Agreement shall be subject to termination, in the absolute discretion of the Manager, by prompt oral notice given to the Company prior
to the Time of Delivery relating to such Shares, if any, and confirmed promptly by electronic mail, if since the time of execution of
the Terms Agreement and prior to such delivery and payment, (i) trading in the Common Stock shall have been suspended by the Commission
or the Trading Market or trading in securities generally on the Trading Market shall have been suspended or limited or minimum prices
shall have been established on such exchange, (ii) a banking moratorium shall have been declared either by Federal or New York State
authorities or (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities, declaration by the United States of a national
emergency or war, or other calamity or crisis the effect of which on financial markets is such as to make it, in the sole judgment of
the Manager, impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Shares as contemplated by the Prospectus (exclusive
of any amendment or supplement thereto).

9.
Representations and Indemnities to Survive. The respective agreements, representations, warranties, indemnities and other statements
of the Company or its officers and of the Manager set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect,
regardless of any investigation made by the Manager or the Company or any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or controlling
persons referred to in Section 7, and will survive delivery of and payment for the Shares.

10.
Notices. All communications hereunder will be in writing and effective only on receipt, and will be mailed, delivered, or e-mailed
to the addresses of the Company and the Manager, respectively, set forth on the signature page hereto.

11.
Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors
and the officers, directors, employees, agents and controlling persons referred to in Section 7, and no other person will have any right
or obligation hereunder.

12.
No Fiduciary Duty. The Company hereby acknowledges that (a) the purchase and sale of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement is
an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the Manager and any affiliate through which it
may be acting, on the other, (b) the Manager is acting solely as sales agent and/or principal in connection with the purchase and sale
of the Companys securities and not as a fiduciary of the Company and (c) the Companys engagement of the Manager in connection
with the offering and the process leading up to the offering is as independent contractors and not in any other capacity. Furthermore,
the Company agrees that it is solely responsible for making its own judgments in connection with the offering (irrespective of whether
the Manager has advised or is currently advising the Company on related or other matters). The Company agrees that it will not claim
that the Manager has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe an agency, fiduciary or similar duty to the Company,
in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto.

13.
Integration. This Agreement and any Terms Agreement supersede all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral)
between the Company and the Manager with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the letter
agreement, dated May 2, 2024, as amended to date, by and between the Company and the Manager shall continue to be effective and the terms
therein shall continue to survive and be enforceable by the Manager in accordance with its terms, provided that, in the event of a conflict
between the terms of the letter agreement and this Agreement in connection with at-the-market facility, the terms of the letter agreement
shall prevail.

14.
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Manager. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition
or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver
of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder
in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

40

15.
Applicable Law. This Agreement and any Terms Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State
of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed within the State of New York. Each of the Company and the Manager: (i) agrees
that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be instituted exclusively in New York Supreme
Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, (ii) waives any objection which
it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in any
such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Manager further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all
process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York and agrees that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail
to the Companys address shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action
or proceeding, and service of process upon the Manager mailed by certified mail to the Managers address shall be deemed in every
respect effective service process upon the Manager, in any such suit, action or proceeding. If either party shall commence an action
or proceeding to enforce any provision of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed
by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation
and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

16.
Waiver of Jury Trial. The Company hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right
to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any Terms Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby.

17.
Counterparts. This Agreement and any Terms Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an
original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon one and the same agreement. Counterparts may be delivered
via electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions
Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any
counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

18.
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

19.
Headings. The section headings used in this Agreement and any Terms Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the
construction hereof.

**************************

41

If
the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to us the enclosed duplicate hereof,
whereupon this letter and your acceptance shall represent a binding agreement among the Company and the Manager.

Very
truly yours,

VIVOS THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By:
/s/
R. Kirk Huntsman 

Name:
R.
Kirk Huntsman 

Title:
Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer 

Address
for Notice:

7921
SouthPark Plaza, Suite 210

Littleton,
Colorado 80120

Attention:
R. Kirk Huntsman and Bradford Amman

Email:
kirk@vivoslife.com and bamman@vivoslife.com

The
foregoing Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first written above.

H.C. WAINWRIGHT & CO., LLC 

By:
/s/ Edward D. Silvera 

Name: Edward
D. Silvera 

Title: Chief Operating Officer 

Address
for Notice:

430
Park Avenue

New
York, New York 10022

Attention:
Chief Executive Officer

E-mail:
notices@hcwco.com

42

Form
of Terms Agreement

ANNEX
I

VIVOS
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

TERMS
AGREEMENT

Dear
Sirs:

Vivos
Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) proposes, subject to the terms and conditions stated herein and in the At The Market
Offering Agreement, dated February 14, 2025 (the At The Market Offering Agreement), between the Company and H.C.
Wainwright & Co., LLC (Manager), to issue and sell to Manager the securities specified in the Schedule I
hereto (the Purchased Shares).

Each
of the provisions of the At The Market Offering Agreement not specifically related to the solicitation by the Manager, as agent of the
Company, of offers to purchase securities is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety, and shall be deemed to be part of this
Terms Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Each of the representations and warranties
set forth therein shall be deemed to have been made at and as of the date of this Terms Agreement and the Time of Delivery, except that
each representation and warranty in Section 3 of the At The Market Offering Agreement which makes reference to the Prospectus (as therein
defined) shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty as of the date of the At The Market Offering Agreement in relation to the
Prospectus, and also a representation and warranty as of the date of this Terms Agreement and the Time of Delivery in relation to the
Prospectus as amended and supplemented to relate to the Purchased Shares.

An
amendment to the Registration Statement (as defined in the At The Market Offering Agreement), or a supplement to the Prospectus, as the
case may be, relating to the Purchased Shares, in the form heretofore delivered to the Manager is now proposed to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission.

Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the At The Market Offering Agreement which are incorporated herein by reference,
the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Manager and the latter agrees to purchase from the Company the number of shares of the Purchased
Shares at the time and place and at the purchase price set forth in the Schedule I hereto.

If
the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding, please sign and return to us a counterpart hereof, whereupon this Terms Agreement,
including those provisions of the At The Market Offering Agreement incorporated herein by reference, shall constitute a binding agreement
between the Manager and the Company.

43

VIVOS THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By:

Name: 

Title: 

ACCEPTED
as of the date first written above.

H.C. WAINWRIGHT & CO., LLC 

By:

Name: 

Title: 

44

Schedule
I

45
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

AMENDED
AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This AMENDED
AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of the 1st
day of January 2025 (the Effective Date) by and between VIVOS THERAPEUTICS, INC., a Delaware corporation
having its principal place of business at 9137 S. Ridgeline Blvd., Suite 135, Highlands Ranch, Colorado 80129 (the
Company) and R. KIRK HUNTSMAN, an individual currently residing in the City of ______ (the
Executive). As used herein, the term Parties shall be used to refer to the Company and
Executive jointly.

RECITALS

A.
Company is engaged in the business of, among other things, developing and marketing products for the treatment of sleep and breathing
disorders;

B.
Executive is currently employed by Company as Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement dated May 4, 2017
and subsequently amended and restated October 8, 2020 (collectively, the Prior Agreements) ;

C.
Company desires to continue to employ Executive in the capacity of an executive officer of Company, and Executive desires to be employed
in such capacity and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;

D.
As a result, Company and Executive have agreed to amend and restate the Prior Agreements by virtue of this Agreement;

E.
The success of Company depends to a substantial extent upon maintaining strict secrecy with respect to confidential information and trade
secrets relating to the business of Company;

F.
Executive, by reason of Executives employment with Company, is being given access to and will acquire, or has been given access
to and acquired, knowledge of confidential and sensitive business information and trade secrets of Company, and may further be involved
in customer, product, and/or intellectual property development during the course of Executives employment;

G.
Executive acknowledges that Company has informed Executive that it is only willing to continue to employ Executive in reliance upon the
agreements and covenants of Executive herein, and that executing and complying with this Agreement is an express condition of continued
employment.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the Parties agree as follows:

1.
Employment.

(a)
Company hereby employs Executive to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein. In
such capacity, Executive shall have the responsibilities normally associated with such position, subject to the direction and supervision
of the Board of Directors of Company (the Board), including the duties set forth in Attachment A and
any other duties assigned to Executive from time to time by the Board.

(b)
Executive accepts employment hereunder and agrees that, during the term of Executives employment, Executive will observe and comply
with the policies and rules of Company and devote substantially all Executives time during normal business hours and best efforts
to the performance of Executives duties hereunder, which duties shall be performed in an efficient and competent manner and to
the best of Executives ability. Executive further agrees that, during the term of this Agreement, Executive will not, without
the prior written consent of the Board, directly or indirectly engage in any manner in any business or other endeavor, either as an owner,
employee, officer, director, independent contractor, agent, partner, advisor, or in any other capacity calling for the rendition of Executives
personal services. This restriction shall not preclude Executive from having passive investments, and devoting reasonable time to the
supervision thereof (so long as such does not create a conflict of interest or interfere with Executives obligations hereunder),
in any business or enterprise that is not in competition with any business or enterprise of Company or any of its parents, subsidiaries
or affiliates. This Agreement shall not limit Executives community, religious, or charitable activities so long as such activities
do not impair or interfere with Executives performance of the services contemplated by this Agreement.

(c)
Executives employment and the place of performance of Executives duties will be at Companys corporate headquarters
and/or at a separate office facility in Denver, Colorado, or at such other location as mutually agreed upon by Executive and Company.

2.
Compensation; Benefits.

For
all services rendered by Executive to or on behalf of Company, Company shall provide or cause to be provided to Executive, subject to
making any and all withholdings and deductions required of Company by law with all other income tax consequences being borne by Executive,
the following:

(a)
Base Salary. Executive is receiving an annualized base salary of $450,000 per year (the Base Salary), payable
in accordance with the normal payroll practices of Company, and net of applicable withholding and deductions. Executives Base
Salary shall be reviewed annually by the Board. Any increases in such Base Salary shall be at the sole discretion of the Board.

(b)
Management Incentive Plan. Executive shall be eligible for cash incentive compensation in accordance with Attachment B
(the Management Incentive Plan), attached hereto and made a part hereof by this reference. Cash incentive compensation
shall be paid semi- annually upon review and approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board.

(c)
Equity Awards. Executive shall be eligible to participate in Companys then existing equity incentive plan during the term
of employment as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board in its sole discretion and subject to the terms of any such plan.
Any equity awards granted to Executive during the term of employment will be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the plan,
the Companys insider trading policy, the Companys then existing clawback or recoupment policy, and the award agreement
that Executive is required to sign to accept such award.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 2

(d)
Expense Reimbursement. Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred
directly by Executive in performing Executives duties and obligations under this Agreement. Company shall reimburse Executive
for such reasonable business expenses on a monthly basis, upon submission by Executive of appropriate receipts, vouchers or other documents
in accordance with Companys policy.

(e)
Fringe Benefits. Executive shall be entitled to participate in any fringe benefit plans, including medical and dental plans, as
adopted by the Company from time to time and applicable to other employees of Company, including without limitation profit-sharing, 401(k),
incentive savings, group life insurance, salary continuation, and disability plans, subject to the terms and conditions of each such
plan. Company reserves the right to adopt, amend, modify, replace, or discontinue any such fringe benefit plan or its relative contribution
to such plan at any time and in its sole discretion.

(f)
Paid Time Off. Executive shall be eligible for four (4) weeks of paid time off (PTO) annually. Executive
may take the paid time off at any time during the year, so long as it does not create hardship for Company. In addition, Executive shall
be entitled to paid sick leave and paid holidays in accordance with Companys policies applicable to other executive employees.
Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason other than Cause (as defined below), Executive shall have the right to receive
any accrued but unused PTO.

3.
Term and Termination.

(a)
Term. Unless terminated earlier, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of three (3) years commencing with the Effective
Date and continuing until December 31, 2027 (the Term).

(b)
Termination By Company for Cause. Company may terminate this Agreement immediately at any time for Cause. For purposes of this
Agreement, Cause shall mean (i) any act of dishonesty or fraud with respect to Company; (ii) commission of a felony
or a crime involving moral turpitude or the entrance of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude;
(iii) any other criminal act, reasonably determined by the Board, to cause material harm to Companys standing and reputation;
(iv) any action involving a material breach of the terms of the Agreement, including Executives continued material failure to
perform Executives duties to Company after thirty (30) days written notice thereof to Executive (spelling out in sufficient
detail such failures), without correction of such failure; (v) gross negligence or willful misconduct by Executive with respect to Company,
as reasonably determined by the Board; (vi) any acts that violate any policy of Company relating to discrimination or harassment; or
(vii) any act or other misconduct that results in or could result in significant reputational harm to the Company. In the event of a
termination for Cause, Executive shall not be entitled to receive any unpaid amounts under Executives Base Salary and Management
Incentive Plan.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 3

(c)
Termination By Company Without Cause. Company may terminate this Agreement immediately at any time without Cause by giving Executive
written notice specifying the effective date of such termination. In the event of a termination without Cause, but subject to Executives
timely execution (and non-revocation) of the Release (as defined below), Executive shall be entitled to receive: (i) a pro-rated Management
Incentive Plan payment in accordance with the terms and conditions of Attachment B; (ii) a cash severance payment equal
to 12 months of Executives then Base Salary (the Base Salary Severance); (iii) a lump cash payment equal
to 12 times the monthly premium required to be paid by the Executive to continue the Executives group health care and dental care
coverage as in effect for the year in which the termination of employment occurs, based on the monthly COBRA premium in effect as of
the termination date, with such lump sum amount paid to Executive during the first payroll period following the date on which the revocation
period described in the Release expires; and (iv) all of Executives outstanding equity awards that are not yet vested shall vest
in full on the date on which the revocation period described in the Release expires.

(d)
Termination By Executive For Good Reason. Executive shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately at any time for
Good Reason by giving Company written notice of such termination. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall
mean, without Executives consent (i) the assignment to Executive of duties inconsistent with the position and nature of Executives
employment as Chief Executive Officer, the substantial and material reduction of the duties of Executive, which is inconsistent with
the position and nature of Executives employment as Chief Executive Officer, or the change of Executives title indicating
a substantial and material change in the position and nature of Executives employment; (ii) a reduction in compensation and benefits
that would diminish the aggregate value of Executives compensation and benefits (except in the case of an equal reduction in salaries
for all senior executives because of the financial condition of Company); or (iii) the failure by Company to obtain from any successor
an agreement to assume and perform this Agreement; provided, however, that Executive shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement
for Good Reason unless: (A) Executive has provided written notice to Company of the intent to terminate the Agreement under this provision
identifying the specific condition Executive believes to constitute Good Reason; (B) Company has been given at least 30 days after receiving
such notice to cure such condition; and (C) Company fails to reasonably cure the condition. If Executive resigns with Good Reason, subject
to Executives timely execution (and non-revocation) of the Release, Executive shall be entitled to receive: (i) a pro-rated Management
Incentive Plan payment in accordance with the terms and conditions of Attachment B; (ii) the Base Salary Severance; (iii)
a lump cash payment equal to 12 times the monthly premium required to be paid by the Executive to continue the Executives group
health care and dental care coverage as in effect for the year in which the termination of employment occurs, based on the monthly COBRA
premium in effect as of the termination date, with such lump sum amount paid to Executive during the first payroll period following the
date on which the revocation period described in the Release expires; and (iv) all of Executives outstanding equity awards that
are not yet vested shall vest in full on the date on which the revocation period described in the Release expires.

(e)
Termination By Executive Without Good Reason. Executive may also terminate this Agreement at any time without Good Reason by giving
Company at least sixty (60) days prior written notice. In such event, Executive shall be entitled to receive Executives
Base Salary through the date of such resignation.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 4

(f)
Termination Due To Disability. If Executive becomes Disabled (as defined below), this Agreement shall terminate and subject to
Executives timely execution (and non-revocation) of the Release, Executive shall be entitled to receive: (i) a pro-rated Management
Incentive Plan payment in accordance with the terms and conditions of Attachment B; (ii) the Base Salary Severance but
such Base Salary Severance shall be reduced to six (6) months; (iii) a lump cash payment equal to six (6) times the monthly premium required
to be paid by the Executive to continue the Executives group health care and dental care coverage as in effect for the year in
which the termination of employment occurs, based on the monthly COBRA premium in effect as of the termination date, with such lump sum
amount paid to Executive during the first payroll period following the date on which the revocation period described in the Release expires;
and (iv) all of Executives outstanding equity awards that are not yet vested shall vest in full on the date on which the revocation
period described in the Release expires. For this purpose, Disability means Executives inability to engage
in any substantially gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to
result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months as provided in Sections
22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code.

(g)
Termination Due To Death. If Executive dies subject to Executives estates timely execution (and non-revocation)
of the Release, the estate shall be entitled to receive: (i) a pro-rated Management Incentive Plan payment in accordance with the terms
and conditions of Attachment B; (ii) the Base Salary Severance but such Base Salary Severance shall be reduced to six (6)
months; (iii) a lump cash payment equal to six (6) times the monthly premium required to be paid by the Executive to continue the Executives
group health care and dental care coverage as in effect for the year in which the termination of employment occurs, based on the monthly
COBRA premium in effect as of the termination date, with such lump sum amount paid to Executive during the first payroll period following
the date on which the revocation period described in the Release expires; and (iv) all of Executives outstanding equity awards
that are not yet vested shall vest in full on the date on which the revocation period described in the Release expires.

(h)
Impact of Change In Control.

(i)
In the event of a Change In Control (as defined below), and notwithstanding the fact that Executive may continue to provide services
from and after the Change In Control, on the date of a Change In Control, all of Executives outstanding equity awards that are
not yet vested shall vest in full. For purposes of this Agreement, Change In Control shall have the meaning ascribed
to it in the Companys then existing equity incentive plan.

(ii)
In the event Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or Executive resigns for Good Reason during the
12 month period following a Change In Control, then, subject to Executives timely execution (and non-revocation) of the Release,
Executive shall be entitled to receive: (i) a pro-rated Management Incentive Plan payment in accordance with the terms and conditions
of Attachment B; (ii) a cash severance payment equal to 24 months of Executives then Base Salary (the Enhanced
Base Salary Severance); and (iii) a lump cash payment equal to 24 times the monthly premium required to be paid by the Executive
to continue the Executives group health care and dental care coverage as in effect for the year in which the termination of employment
occurs, based on the monthly COBRA premium in effect as of the termination date, with such lump sum amount paid to Executive during the
first payroll period following the date on which the revocation period described in the Release expires

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 5

(i)
Provisions of Agreement that Survive Termination. No termination of this Agreement shall affect any of the rights and obligations
of the Parties hereto under Sections 4 through 8, and it is expressly contemplated by the Parties that such rights and obligations shall
survive such termination in accordance with the terms of such sections.

(j)
Resignation from Positions. Upon termination of Executive hereunder for any reason, Executive agrees that Executive shall be deemed
to have resigned from all officer, director, management or board positions to which Executive may have been elected or appointed by reason
of Executives employment or involvement with Company, specifically including but not limited to the Board, and any other boards
and/or industry associations in which Executive serves as a result of or in Executives capacity as Chief Executive Officer (collectively,
the Associations). Executive agrees to promptly execute and deliver to Company or its designee any other document,
including without limitation a letter of resignation, reasonably requested by Company to effectuate the purposes of this Section 3(j).
If Company is unable, after reasonable effort, to secure Executives signature on any document that Company deems to be necessary
to effectuate the purposes of this Section 3(j), Executive hereby designates and appoints Company and its duly authorized officers and
agents as Executives agent and attorney-in-fact, to act for and on Executives behalf to execute, verify and submit to any
appropriate third party any such document, which shall thereafter have the same legal force and effect as if executed by Executive.

(k)
Release Requirement. As a condition to receiving (and continuing to receive) the post-termination payments and benefits described
in this Agreement, Executive (or Executives spouse or estate) must (i) within not later than 60 days after the last day of employment
(the Release Deadline), execute (and not revoke) and deliver to the Company a Mutual Release Of All Claims And Covenant
Not To Sue Agreement (the Release) in a form to be prepared by the Company at the time of Executives separation
from employment; and (ii) remain in full compliance with such Release. The Company will have the obligation to provide Executive with
the Release within seven (7) days of the termination date. None of the post-termination payments and benefits described in this Agreement
will be paid or provided until the Release is effective and irrevocable and if the Release does not become effective and irrevocable
by the Release Deadline, Executive will forfeit all rights to the post-termination severance payments and benefits described in this
Agreement. If the Release is effective and irrevocable on the Release Deadline, then, except as required the following sentence and/or
Section 409A (as defined below), any payments that would have been made to Executive during the 60 day period immediately following Executives
separation from service will be paid to Executive on the first Company payroll period following the Release Deadline and any remaining
payments will be made as provided in this Agreement. Additionally, and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event
that the time period within which Executive must return and not revoke the Release straddles two (2) calendar years, in all events any
post-termination payments that are subject to Section 409A will be made (or commence, as applicable) in the second such calendar year.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 6

4.
Restrictive Covenants.

The
Executive understands that the nature of the Executives position gives the Executive access to and knowledge of trade secrets
and Confidential Information (as defined in the Nondisclosure Agreement) and places the Executive in a position of trust and confidence
with the Company. The Executive understands and acknowledges that the Executive is being hired because the executive services the Executive
provides to the Company are unique, special, or extraordinary. Executive further understands and acknowledges that the Companys
ability to reserve these for the exclusive knowledge and use of the Company is of great competitive importance and commercial value to
the Company, and that improper use or disclosure by the Employee is likely to result in unfair or unlawful competitive activity. Accordingly,
Executive agrees as follows:

(a)
Definitions. The following definitions shall apply to this Section 4:

(i)
The term Competitive Business means any business whose products, services, or activities compete in whole or in
part with the products services, or activities of Company, or planned products, services, or activities in which Executive was involved,
during Executives employment with Company.

(ii)
The term Customer Information identifying facts and circumstances specific to the Companys customer, including,
but is not limited to, names, phone numbers, addresses, email addresses, order history, order preferences, chain of command, and pricing
information.

(iii)
The term Nondisclosure Agreement means the Employee Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement
attached hereto as Attachment C.

(iv)
The term Prohibited Activity is activity in which the Executive contributes the Executives knowledge, directly
or indirectly, in whole or in part, as an employee, employer, owner, operator, manager, advisor, consultant, contractor, agent, partner,
director, stockholder, officer, volunteer, intern, or any other similar capacity to a Competitive Business. Prohibited Activity also
includes activity that may require or inevitably require the use or disclosure of trade secrets, proprietary information, or confidential
information.

(v)
The term Restricted Area shall mean the continental United States.

(vi)
The term Restricted Period shall mean the period of Executives employment with the Company and 24 months
immediately following the termination of Executives employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for the termination.

(b)
Non-Competition. During the Restricted Period, Executive agrees and covenants not to engage in Prohibited Activity within the
Restricted Area. The Company hereby provides the Executive with the attached Attachment D intending to comply with C.R.S.
8-2-113.

(c)
Non-Solicitation. Executive understands and acknowledges that the Company has expended and continues to expend significant time
and expense in recruiting and training its employees and that the loss of employees would cause significant and irreparable harm to the
Company. Executive agrees and covenants not to directly or indirectly solicit, hire, recruit, or attempt to solicit, hire, or recruit,
any employee of the Company, or induce the termination of employment of any employee of the Company, during the Restricted Period. This
non-solicitation provision explicitly covers all forms of oral, written, or electronic communication, including, but not limited to,
communications by email, regular mail, express mail, telephone, fax, instant message, and social media (including, but not limited to,
Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, TikTok, and any other social media platform, whether or not in existence at the time of entering
into this Agreement).

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 7

(d)
Non-Solicitation of Customers. Executive understands and acknowledges that because of the Executives experience with and
relationship to the Company, the Executive will has and will continue to have access to and will learn/has learned and will continue
to learn about much or all of the Companys Customer Information, including, but not limited to, confidential information. Executive
understands and acknowledges that: (i) the Companys relationships with its customers is of great competitive value; (ii) the Company
has invested and continues to invest substantial resources in developing and preserving its customer, vendor, and/or supplier relationships
and goodwill; and (iii) the loss of any such relationships or goodwill will cause significant and irreparable harm to the Company. Accordingly,
Executive agrees and covenants that during the Restricted Period, not to directly or indirectly solicit, contact, or attempt to solicit
or contact, using any other form of oral, written, or electronic communication, including, but not limited to, email, regular mail, express
mail, telephone, fax, instant message, or social media (including, but not limited to, Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, TikTok,
and any other social media platform, whether or not in existence at the time of entering into this Agreement), or meet with the Companys
actual or prospective customers, vendors, and suppliers for purposes of offering or accepting goods or services similar to or competitive
with those offered by the Company. This restriction shall only apply to the actual and prospective customers, vendors, and suppliers
with which Company conducted business in the 24 month period preceding the date of solicitation or the Termination Date, whichever is
earlier, and with which Executive had contact or about which Executive learned confidential information.

(e)
Tolling of Restrictive Covenants. Should Executive violate any of the terms of Section 4 of this Agreement, the duration of the
restrictions contained in Section 4 shall be extended by the duration of time during which Executive was in violation of the same.

(f)
Property of Company. Any property, confidential information, and all other business information, data, or documents, shall be
and remain solely and exclusively the property of Company. During Executives employment, Executive shall not remove from the property
or premises of Company any confidential information or any other documents or data relating to the business, work, services or sales
of Company, or copies thereof, unless authorized by Company and required for Executive to perform Executives duties under this
Agreement. Upon the termination of Executives employment (regardless of whether such termination is with or without Cause or Good
Reason), Executive shall promptly deliver to Company all property, documents, files, data, and other items (whether maintained in electronic
or hard copy format) obtained in the course of Executives employment with Company, including any Company-leased vehicle, whether
or not Executive believes such items constitute or contain confidential information, and without retaining any copies, notes, or excerpts
thereof. At Companys request, Executive shall permit Company or its designee to review any computer, devices, or data storage
hardware on which Executive stored or accessed any business information of Company or its customers to confirm that such business information
has been permanently removed and deleted therefrom.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 8

(g)
Remedies. Executive acknowledges that the restrictions contained herein are reasonable, mutually beneficial, and necessary in
order to protect Companys legitimate business interests, that any violation thereof would result in irreparable injury to Company
and that Executive therefore acknowledges and agrees that, in the event of any violation hereof, Executive shall be authorized and entitled
to obtain temporary, preliminary, and permanent injunctive relief, as well as an equitable accounting of all profits or benefits arising
out of such violation, which rights and remedies shall be cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies to which Company
may be entitled.

(i)
Inventions; Intellectual Property; Confidential Information. The Employee Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement
(the Nondisclosure Agreement) attached hereto as Attachment C is incorporated and made a part hereof
by this reference. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement and the Nondisclosure Agreement, Executive will not be held
criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (A) is made (i) in
confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (ii) solely for the
purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit
or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition, if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by Company for reporting
a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the trade secret to Executives attorney and use the trade secret information
in the court proceeding if Executive files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret
except pursuant to court order.

5.
Non-Disparagement.

Following
the termination of Executives employment hereunder for any reason, Executive agrees that Executive shall not make any statements
disparaging Company, its Board, its business, and/or the officers, directors, stockholders, or employees of Company or the Associations.
Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent Executive from the disclosure of information that: (A) is made: (i) in confidence to a federal,
state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or
investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if
such filing is made under seal. In the event that Executive files a lawsuit alleging retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected
violation of law, Executive may disclose confidential information related to the suspected violation of law or alleged retaliation to
Employees attorney and use that information in the court proceeding if Executive or Executives attorney: (Y) files any
document containing confidential information under seal; and (Z) does not disclose the confidential information, except pursuant to court
order. Executive understands and acknowledges that the Company provides this notice in compliance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of
2016.

6.
Non-Assignability.

It
is understood that this Agreement has been entered into personally by the Parties. Neither party shall have the right to assign, transfer,
encumber or dispose of any duties, rights or payments due hereunder, which duties, rights and payments with respect hereto are expressly
declared to be non-assignable and non-transferable, being based upon the personal services of Executive, and any attempted assignment
or transfer shall be null and void and without binding effect on either party; provided, however, that Company may assign this Agreement
to any parent, subsidiary, affiliate or successor corporation.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 9

7.
Complete Agreement.

Except
as to any prior intellectual property, non-competition, non-solicitation and non-disclosure covenants or agreements entered into between
Company and Executive, this Agreement constitutes the full understanding and entire employment agreement of the Parties, and supersedes
and is in lieu of any and all other understandings or agreements between Company and Executive including the Prior Agreements which,
other than as specifically set forth in this Agreement, is superseded in its entirety. Nothing herein is intended to limit any rights
or duties Executive has under the terms of any applicable incentive compensation, benefit plan or other similar agreements.

8.
Disputes.

Notwithstanding
Section 4 reserving the right to seek injunctive relief, this Section of this Agreement will be enforceable for the duration of Executives
employment with Company, and thereafter with respect to any such claims arising from or relating to Executives employment or cessation
of employment with Company. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY MUST ARBITRATE ALL SUCH EMPLOYMENT-RELATED CLAIMS, AND THAT THEY MAY NOT
FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT, OTHER THAN FOR THE PURPOSES OF SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF UNDER SECTION 4.

Any
dispute or claim arising to or in any way related to this Agreement shall be settled by binding arbitration in Denver, Colorado, but
any dispute or controversy arising out of or interpreting this Agreement shall be settled in accordance with the laws of the State of
Colorado as if this Agreement were executed and all actions were performed hereunder within the State of Colorado. All arbitration shall
be conducted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the American Arbitration Association (AAA). AAA shall
designate an arbitrator from an approved list of arbitrators following both Parties review and deletion of those arbitrators on
the approved list having a conflict of interest with either party. Each party shall pay its own expenses associated with such arbitration
and except for Companys obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, if any, the Parties agree to keep all such matters
confidential. A demand for arbitration shall be made within a reasonable time after the claim, dispute or other matter has arisen and
in no event shall such demand be made after the date when institution of legal or equitable proceedings based on such claim, dispute
or other matter in question would be barred by the applicable statutes of limitations. The decision of the arbitrators shall be rendered
within 60 days of submission of any claim or dispute, shall be in writing and mailed to all the Parties included in the arbitration.
The decision of the arbitrator shall be binding upon the Parties and judgment in accordance with that decision may be entered in any
court having jurisdiction thereof.

The
only claims or disputes excluded from binding arbitration under this Agreement are the following: any claim by Executive for workers
compensation benefits or for benefits under a Company plan that provides its own arbitration procedure; and any claim by either Party
for equitable relief, including but not limited to, a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction or permanent injunction against
the other party. This agreement to submit all covered claims to binding arbitration in no way alters the exclusivity of Executives
remedy in the event of any termination with or without Cause.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 10

9.
Amendments.

Any
amendment to this Agreement shall be made only in writing and signed by each of the Parties hereto.

10.
Governing Law.

The
internal laws of the State of Colorado shall govern the construction and enforcement of this Agreement.

11.
Notices.

Any
notice required or authorized hereunder shall be deemed delivered when deposited, postage prepaid, in the United States mail, certified,
with return receipt requested, addressed to the Parties as follows:

If
to Executive: R.
Kirk Huntsman

With
a copy to: 

If
to Company: 

Vivos
Therapeutics, Inc.

7921
Southpark Plaza

Suite
210

Littleton,
CO 80120

Attention:
Board of Directors

With
a copy to: 

Snell
& Wilmer L.L.P. 1200 Seventeenth Street

Suite
1900

Denver,
CO 80202

Attention:
Martin C. Walsh, Jr.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 11

12.
Code Section 409A.

(a)
This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)
and related U.S. Treasury regulations or pronouncements (Section 409A) and any ambiguous provision will be construed
in a manner that is compliant with or exempt from the application of Section 409A. To the extent required by Section 409A, any reference
to an Executives termination of employment shall mean a cessation of the employment relationship between the Executive and Company
which constitutes a separation from service as determined in accordance with Section 409A. Nevertheless, the Company does
not and cannot guarantee any particular tax effect or treatment of the amounts due under this Agreement. Except for the Companys
responsibility to withhold applicable income and employment taxes from compensation paid or provided to Executive, the Company will not
be responsible for the payment of any applicable taxes on compensation paid or provided pursuant to this Agreement. Neither the time
nor schedule of any payment under this Agreement may be accelerated or subject to further deferral except as permitted by Section 409A
of the Internal Revenue Code and the applicable regulations. Executive does not have any right to make any election regarding the time
or form of any payment due under this Agreement except as permitted by Section 409A. Installment payments made pursuant to this Agreement
shall be treated as separate payments for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). In the event this Agreement or
any benefit paid to Executive hereunder is deemed to be subject to Section 409A, Executive consents to the Company adopting such conforming
amendments or taking such actions as the Company deems necessary, in its reasonable discretion, to comply with Section 409A and avoid
the imposition of taxes under Section 409A.

(b)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if on the date of termination of Executives employment
with Company, Executive is a specified employee as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i)(1), and as a result
of such termination would receive any payment that, absent the application of this Section 12 would be subject to interest and additional
tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A as a result of the application of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then no such payment shall
be made prior to the date that is the earliest of (i) 6 months after the date of termination of Executives employment;

(i)
Executives death; or (iii) such other date as will cause such payment not to be subject to such interest and additional tax.

13.
Code Section 280G. In the event that it is determined that any payment or distribution of any type to or for Executives
benefit made by the Company, by any of its affiliates, by any person who acquires ownership or effective control or ownership of a substantial
portion of the Companys assets (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)
or by any affiliate of such person, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or
otherwise (the Total Payments)), would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any interest
or penalties with respect to such excise tax (such excise tax, together with any such interest or penalties, are collectively referred
to as the Excise Tax), then such payments or distributions or benefits will be payable either:

(i)
in full; or

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 12

(ii)
as to such lesser amount which would result in no portion of such payments or distributions or benefits being subject to the Excise Tax.

Executive
will receive the greater, on an after-tax basis, of (i) or (ii) above. In the event that clause (ii) above applies, and a reduction is
required to be applied to the Total Payments, the Total Payments will be reduced by the Company in the following order: (1) cash severance
payments and benefits due under this Agreement will be reduced (if necessary, to zero) in such order with amounts that are payable first
reduced first; provided, however that in all events such payments which are not subject to Section 409A of the Code will be reduced first;
(2) payments and benefits due in respect of any options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company will be reduced second; (3)
payments and benefits due in respect of any full value equity awards (i.e., restricted stock or restricted stock units) for which an
election under Section 83(b) of the Code has not been made will be reduced third; and (4) payments and benefits due in respect of any
full value equity awards (i.e., restricted stock or restricted stock units) for which an election under Section 83(b) of the Code has
been made will be reduced fourth. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in all events, Executive will have no right, power
or discretion to determine the reduction of payments and/or benefits hereunder and any such reduction will be structured in a manner
intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code.

Unless
Executive and the Company agree otherwise in writing, any determination required under this Section 13 will be made in writing by a qualified
independent accountant or compensation consulting firm selected by the Company (the Accountant) whose determination
will be conclusive and binding. Executive and the Company will furnish the Accountant such documentation and documents as the Accountant
may reasonably request in order to make a determination. The Company will bear all costs that the Accountant may reasonably incur in
connection with performing any calculations contemplated by this Section 13.

14.
Binding Effect.

This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs, executors
and legal representatives.

15.
Counterparts.

This
Agreement may be executed by the Parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original
but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Each counterpart may consist of two copies hereof each
signed by one of the Parties hereto.

16.
Construction.

Headings
in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not control the meaning of this Agreement. Whenever applicable, masculine and neutral
pronouns shall equally apply to the feminine genders; the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular.
The Parties have reviewed and understand this Agreement, and each has had a full opportunity to negotiate this Agreements terms
and to consult with counsel of their own choosing. Therefore, the Parties expressly waive all applicable common law and statutory rules
of construction that any provision of this Agreement should be construed against this Agreements drafter, and agree that this
Agreement and all amendments thereto shall be construed as a whole, according to the fair meaning of the language used.

17.
Severability and Modification by Court.

If
any court of competent jurisdiction declares any provision of this Agreement invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement
shall remain fully enforceable. To the extent that any such court concludes that any provision of this Agreement is void or voidable,
the court shall reform such provision(s) to render the provision(s) enforceable, but only to the extent absolutely necessary to render
the provision(s) enforceable and only in view of the Parties express desire that Company be protected to the greatest extent allowed
by law from unfair competition, unfair solicitation and/or the misuse or disclosure of its confidential information and records containing
such information.

[Signature
Page to follow.]

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 13

THIS
CONTRACT CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION WHICH MAY BE ENFORCED BY THE PARTIES.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day of the date first written above.

VIVOS
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: /S/
BRADFORD AMMAN

Title: CFO

EXECUTIVE:

/S/
R. KIRK HUNTSMAN 

R.
KIRK HUNTSMAN

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 14

Attachment
A

Job
Description for Chief Executive Officer

Job
Title: Chief Executive Officer

Department: Executive

Reports
To: Board of Directors

SUMMARY

The
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) has primary responsibility for planning, organizing, staffing, and operating Vivos
Therapeutics, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (Vivos) toward its primary objectives, based on profit and
return on capital, and is accountable to the Board of Directors for the results of performance of all employees.

The
CEO is accountable for the management of the daily affairs of Company to achieve the corporate goals and increase shareholder value.

The
CEO helps to establish and communicate the management style, corporate culture, business philosophy and ethical values by which Vivos
will operate.

The
CEO manages and directs Vivos by performing the following duties personally or through subordinate managers.

ESSENTIAL
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.

Plans
the overall business strategy and goals of Vivos that will assure a defined rate of return
on stockholder investment and establishes objectives for each function to meet those goals,
with the approval and cooperation of the Board of Directors.

Plans,
coordinates, and controls the daily operation of Vivos through Vivos managers. Prepares
and presents an annual business plan and budget, for Vivos operations, to the Board
of Directors.

Establishes
current and long range goals, objectives, plans and policies, subject to approval by the
Board of Directors.

Determines
the appropriate organization structure and staffing responsibilities required to meet Vivos
objectives. Dispenses advice, guidance, direction, and authorization to carry out major plans,
standards and procedures, consistent with established policies and Board approval.

Meets
with Vivos executives to ensure that operations are being executed in accordance with
Vivos policies.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 15

Oversees
the adequacy and soundness of Vivos financial structure.

Reviews
operating results of Vivos, compares them to established objectives, and takes steps to ensure
that appropriate measures are taken to correct unsatisfactory results.

Plans
and directs all investigations and negotiations pertaining to mergers, joint ventures, the
acquisition of businesses, or the sale of major assets with approval of the Board of Directors.

Establishes
and maintains an effective system of communications throughout Vivos.

Fulfills
responsibility to the Board of Directors to inform or seek approval for significant matters
such as financing, capital expenditures, and appointment of officers.

Ensures
that Vivos business transactions are conducted in accordance with prevailing legal and regulatory
requirements.

Reviews
and determines approval of all recommendations for compensation of managers and employees.

Participates
and/or presents at stockholders meetings.

Represents
Vivos with major customers, shareholders, the financial community, Security and Exchange
Commission and the public.

Plans
and develops industrial, labor, and public relations policies designed to improve companys
image and relations with customers, employees, stockholders, and public.

Evaluates
performance of executives for compliance with established policies and objectives of firm
and contributions in attaining objectives.

Any
other job, duty or task reasonably assigned from time to time by the Board of Directors of
Vivos, acting reasonably.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 16

Attachment
B

MANAGEMENT
INCENTIVE PLAN

1.
INCENTIVE. Executive shall be eligible for cash incentive compensation in the total gross amount of up to 75% of Executives
Base Salary, less required withholding and deductions, based on achievement of established annual performance objectives (the MBO
Milestones). Incentive compensation paid pursuant to this Plan shall be paid semi-annually upon review and approval of the
Compensation Committee of the Board.

2. MBO
MILESTONES. Executives entitlement to incentive compensation pursuant to this Plan shall be based upon achievement
of the following annual performance objectives:

MBO
Milestone Percentage
Weight

Reinstatement
of Shelf 20%

Closing
of financings of $10M+ 20%

Topline
revenue in excess of annual forecast 20%

Additional
FDA Clearance(s) 10%

Operating
cash flow in excess of forecast 10%

Acquisition
or strategic commercial partnership approved by the Board 

20%

The
foregoing MBO Milestones shall be in effect for 2024 and 2025 and have been approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board and the
Board, and are subject to modification by the Compensation Committee of the Board. Future MBO Milestones shall be established by the
Compensation Committee of the Board in its sole discretion.

3.
TERMINATION. Other than the pro-rated payments described below, Executive must remain in continuous employment with the Company
on each applicable semi-annual payment date to receive the cash incentive compensation payment for any given period; provided, that,
if Executives employment is terminated without Cause, Executive resigns for Good Reason, Executive dies, or Executive becomes
Disabled, and Executive satisfies the requirements Section forth in Section 3 of the Agreement, then Executive shall be entitled to receive
a pro-rated cash incentive compensation payment for the semi-annual period during which sum termination of employment occurs (with the
pro-rated amount calculated by reference to actual performance and the number of days during the period Executive was employment by the
Company) and with such lump sum amount paid to Executive in a single sum cash payment no later than 30 days following the last day of
the applicable semi-annual bonus period.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 17

Attachment
C

EMPLOYEE
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND

INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

(See
Attached)

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 18

Attachment
D

NOTICE
REGARDING COVENANTS NOT TO COMPETE

To: Vivos
Therapeutics, Inc.

From: R.
Kirk Huntsman

Date:
September 16, 2024

Re:
Notice Pursuant to C.R.S. 8-2-113

In
compliance with C.R.S. 8-2-113(4), you are hereby notified that the enclosed AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
and the Employee Nondisclosure and Invention, IP and Copyright Assignment Agreement between Company and Executive dated N/A
entered into between you and VIVOS THERAPEUTICS, INC. (the Company) are being provided to you.

Both
of the documents referenced above contain one or more covenants not to compete that are reasonably necessary to protect the Companys
trade secrets. The covenants not to compete contained in the two documents could restrict your options for subsequent employment following
your separation from the Company.

Please
refer to Section 4 of the AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT for the specific provisions constituting the covenants
not to compete.

I
acknowledge receipt of this Notice and receipt of the Agreement.

Signature: /S/R. Kirk Huntsman

Print
Name: R.
Kirk Huntsman

Date: _9/16/24_________________________________________________

Vivos Employment Agreement - CEO 19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

AMENDED
AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This
AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of the
1st day of January 2025 (the Effective Date) by and between VIVOS THERAPEUTICS, INC., a Delaware corporation
having its principal place of business at 9137 S. Ridgeline Blvd., Suite 135, Highlands Ranch, Colorado 80129 (the Company)
and BRADFORD AMMAN, an individual currently residing in the City of ________, Colorado (the Executive). As
used herein, the term Parties shall be used to refer to the Company and Executive jointly.

RECITALS

A.
Company is engaged in the business of, among other things, developing and marketing products for the treatment of sleep and breathing
disorders;

B.
Executive is currently employed by Company as Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement dated October 22,
2018 and subsequently amended and restated October 8, 2020 (collectively, the Prior Agreements);

C.
Company desires to continue to employ Executive in the capacity of an executive officer of Company, and Executive desires to be employed
in such capacity and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;

D.
As a result, Company and Executive have agreed to amend and restate the Prior Agreements by virtue of this Agreement;

E.
The success of Company depends to a substantial extent upon maintaining strict secrecy with respect to confidential information and trade
secrets relating to the business of Company;

F.
Executive, by reason of Executives employment with Company, is being given access to and will acquire, or has been given access
to and acquired, knowledge of confidential and sensitive business information and trade secrets of Company, and may further be involved
in customer, product, and/or intellectual property development during the course of Executives employment;

G.
Executive acknowledges that Company has informed Executive that it is only willing to continue to employ Executive in reliance upon the
agreements and covenants of Executive herein, and that executing and complying with this Agreement is an express condition of continued
employment.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the Parties agree as follows:

1.
Employment.

(a)
Company hereby employs Executive to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein. In
such capacity, Executive shall have the responsibilities normally associated with such position, subject to the direction and supervision
of the Chief Executive Officer, including the duties set forth in Attachment A and any other duties assigned to Executive
from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer and/or the Companys Board of Directors (the Board).

(b)
Executive accepts employment hereunder and agrees that, during the term of Executives employment, Executive will observe and comply
with the policies and rules of Company and devote substantially all Executives time during normal business hours and best efforts
to the performance of Executives duties hereunder, which duties shall be performed in an efficient and competent manner and to
the best of Executives ability. Executive further agrees that, during the term of this Agreement, Executive will not, without
the prior written consent of the Board, directly or indirectly engage in any manner in any business or other endeavor, either as an owner,
employee, officer, director, independent contractor, agent, partner, advisor, or in any other capacity calling for the rendition of Executives
personal services. This restriction shall not preclude Executive from having passive investments, and devoting reasonable time to the
supervision thereof (so long as such does not create a conflict of interest or interfere with Executives obligations hereunder),
in any business or enterprise that is not in competition with any business or enterprise of Company or any of its parents, subsidiaries
or affiliates. This Agreement shall not limit Executives community, religious, or charitable activities so long as such activities
do not impair or interfere with Executives performance of the services contemplated by this Agreement.

(c)
Executives employment and the place of performance of Executives duties will be at Companys corporate headquarters
and/or at a separate office facility in Denver, Colorado, or at such other location as mutually agreed upon by Executive and Company.

2.
Compensation; Benefits.

For
all services rendered by Executive to or on behalf of Company, Company shall provide or cause to be provided to Executive, subject to
making any and all withholdings and deductions required of Company by law with all other income tax consequences being borne by Executive,
the following:

(a)
Base Salary. Executive is receiving an annualized base salary of $320,000 per year (the Base Salary), payable
in accordance with the normal payroll practices of Company, and net of applicable withholding and deductions. Executives Base
Salary shall be reviewed annually by the Board. Any increases in such Base Salary shall be at the sole discretion of the Board.

(b)
Management Incentive Plan. Executive shall be eligible for cash incentive compensation in accordance with Attachment B
(the Management Incentive Plan), attached hereto and made a part hereof by this reference. Cash incentive compensation
shall be paid semi- annually upon review and approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 2

(c)
Equity Awards. Executive shall be eligible to participate in Companys then existing equity incentive plan during the term
of employment as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board in its sole discretion and subject to the terms of any such plan.
Any equity awards granted to Executive during the term of employment will be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the plan,
the Companys insider trading policy, the Companys then existing clawback or recoupment policy, and the award agreement
that Executive is required to sign to accept such award.

(d)
Expense Reimbursement. Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred
directly by Executive in performing Executives duties and obligations under this Agreement. Company shall reimburse Executive
for such reasonable business expenses on a monthly basis, upon submission by Executive of appropriate receipts, vouchers or other documents
in accordance with Companys policy.

(e)
Fringe Benefits. Executive shall be entitled to participate in any fringe benefit plans, including medical and dental plans, as
adopted by the Company from time to time and applicable to other employees of Company, including without limitation profit-sharing, 401(k),
incentive savings, group life insurance, salary continuation, and disability plans, subject to the terms and conditions of each such
plan. Company reserves the right to adopt, amend, modify, replace, or discontinue any such fringe benefit plan or its relative contribution
to such plan at any time and in its sole discretion.

(f)
Paid Time Off. Executive shall be eligible for four (4) weeks of paid time off (PTO) annually. Executive
may take the paid time off at any time during the year, so long as it does not create hardship for Company. In addition, Executive shall
be entitled to paid sick leave and paid holidays in accordance with Companys policies applicable to other executive employees.
Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason other than Cause (as defined below), Executive shall have the right to receive
any accrued but unused PTO.

3.
Term and Termination.

(a)
Term. Unless terminated earlier, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of three (3) years commencing with the Effective
Date and continuing until December 31, 2027 (the Term).

(b)
Termination By Company for Cause. Company may terminate this Agreement immediately at any time for Cause. For purposes of this
Agreement, Cause shall mean (i) any act of dishonesty or fraud with respect to Company; (ii) commission of a felony
or a crime involving moral turpitude or the entrance of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude;
(iii) any other criminal act, reasonably determined by the Board, to cause material harm to Companys standing and reputation;
(iv) any action involving a material breach of the terms of the Agreement, including Executives continued material failure to
perform Executives duties to Company after thirty (30) days written notice thereof to Executive (spelling out in sufficient
detail such failures), without correction of such failure; (v) gross negligence or willful misconduct by Executive with respect to Company,
as reasonably determined by the Board; (vi) any acts that violate any policy of Company relating to discrimination or harassment; or
(vii) any act or other misconduct that results in or could result in significant reputational harm to the Company. In the event of a
termination for Cause, Executive shall not be entitled to receive any unpaid amounts under Executives Base Salary and Management
Incentive Plan.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 3

(c)
Termination By Company Without Cause. Company may terminate this Agreement immediately at any time without Cause by giving Executive
written notice specifying the effective date of such termination. In the event of a termination without Cause, but subject to Executives
timely execution (and non-revocation) of the Release (as defined below), Executive shall be entitled to receive: (i) a pro-rated Management
Incentive Plan payment in accordance with the terms and conditions of Attachment B; (ii) a cash severance payment equal
to 12 months of Executives then Base Salary (the Base Salary Severance); (iii) a lump cash payment equal
to 12 times the monthly premium required to be paid by the Executive to continue the Executives group health care and dental care
coverage as in effect for the year in which the termination of employment occurs, based on the monthly COBRA premium in effect as of
the termination date, with such lump sum amount paid to Executive during the first payroll period following the date on which the revocation
period described in the Release expires; and (iv) all of Executives outstanding equity awards that are not yet vested shall vest
in full on the date on which the revocation period described in the Release expires.

(d)
Termination By Executive For Good Reason. Executive shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately at any time for
Good Reason by giving Company written notice of such termination. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall
mean, without Executives consent (i) the assignment to Executive of duties inconsistent with the position and nature of Executives
employment as Chief Financial Officer, the substantial and material reduction of the duties of Executive, which is inconsistent with
the position and nature of Executives employment as Chief Financial Officer, or the change of Executives title indicating
a substantial and material change in the position and nature of Executives employment; (ii) a reduction in compensation and benefits
that would diminish the aggregate value of Executives compensation and benefits (except in the case of an equal reduction in salaries
for all senior executives because of the financial condition of Company); or (iii) the failure by Company to obtain from any successor
an agreement to assume and perform this Agreement; provided, however, that Executive shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement
for Good Reason unless: (A) Executive has provided written notice to Company of the intent to terminate the Agreement under this provision
identifying the specific condition Executive believes to constitute Good Reason; (B) Company has been given at least 30 days after receiving
such notice to cure such condition; and (C) Company fails to reasonably cure the condition. If Executive resigns with Good Reason, subject
to Executives timely execution (and non-revocation) of the Release, Executive shall be entitled to receive: (i) a pro-rated Management
Incentive Plan payment in accordance with the terms and conditions of Attachment B; (ii) the Base Salary Severance; (iii)
a lump cash payment equal to 12 times the monthly premium required to be paid by the Executive to continue the Executives group
health care and dental care coverage as in effect for the year in which the termination of employment occurs, based on the monthly COBRA
premium in effect as of the termination date, with such lump sum amount paid to Executive during the first payroll period following the
date on which the revocation period described in the Release expires; and (iv) all of Executives outstanding equity awards that
are not yet vested shall vest in full on the date on which the revocation period described in the Release expires.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 4

(e)
Termination By Executive Without Good Reason. Executive may also terminate this Agreement at any time without Good Reason by giving
Company at least sixty (60) days prior written notice. In such event, Executive shall be entitled to receive Executives
Base Salary through the date of such resignation.

(f)
Termination Due To Disability. If Executive becomes Disabled (as defined below), this Agreement shall terminate and subject to
Executives timely execution (and non-revocation) of the Release, Executive shall be entitled to receive: (i) a pro-rated Management
Incentive Plan payment in accordance with the terms and conditions of Attachment B; (ii) the Base Salary Severance but
such Base Salary Severance shall be reduced to six (6) months; (iii) a lump cash payment equal to six (6) times the monthly premium required
to be paid by the Executive to continue the Executives group health care and dental care coverage as in effect for the year in
which the termination of employment occurs, based on the monthly COBRA premium in effect as of the termination date, with such lump sum
amount paid to Executive during the first payroll period following the date on which the revocation period described in the Release expires;
and (iv) all of Executives outstanding equity awards that are not yet vested shall vest in full on the date on which the revocation
period described in the Release expires. For this purpose, Disability means Executives inability to engage
in any substantially gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to
result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months as provided in Sections
22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code.

(g)
Termination Due To Death. If Executive dies subject to Executives estates timely execution (and non-revocation)
of the Release, the estate shall be entitled to receive: (i) a pro-rated Management Incentive Plan payment in accordance with the terms
and conditions of Attachment B; (ii) the Base Salary Severance but such Base Salary Severance shall be reduced to six (6)
months; (iii) a lump cash payment equal to six (6) times the monthly premium required to be paid by the Executive to continue the Executives
group health care and dental care coverage as in effect for the year in which the termination of employment occurs, based on the monthly
COBRA premium in effect as of the termination date, with such lump sum amount paid to Executive during the first payroll period following
the date on which the revocation period described in the Release expires; and (iv) all of Executives outstanding equity awards
that are not yet vested shall vest in full on the date on which the revocation period described in the Release expires.

(h)
Impact of Change In Control.

(i)
In the event of a Change In Control (as defined below), and notwithstanding the fact that Executive may continue to provide services
from and after the Change In Control, on the date of a Change In Control, all of Executives outstanding equity awards that are
not yet vested shall vest in full. For purposes of this Agreement, Change In Control shall have the meaning ascribed
to it in the Companys then existing equity incentive plan.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 5

(ii)
In the event Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or Executive resigns for Good Reason during the
12 month period following a Change In Control, then, subject to Executives timely execution (and non-revocation) of the Release,
Executive shall be entitled to receive: (i) a pro-rated Management Incentive Plan payment in accordance with the terms and conditions
of Attachment B; (ii) a cash severance payment equal to 24 months of Executives then Base Salary (the Enhanced
Base Salary Severance); and (iii) a lump cash payment equal to 24 times the monthly premium required to be paid by the Executive
to continue the Executives group health care and dental care coverage as in effect for the year in which the termination of employment
occurs, based on the monthly COBRA premium in effect as of the termination date, with such lump sum amount paid to Executive during the
first payroll period following the date on which the revocation period described in the Release expires

(i)
Provisions of Agreement that Survive Termination. No termination of this Agreement shall affect any of the rights and obligations
of the Parties hereto under Sections 4 through 8, and it is expressly contemplated by the Parties that such rights and obligations shall
survive such termination in accordance with the terms of such sections.

(j)
Resignation from Positions. Upon termination of Executive hereunder for any reason, Executive agrees that Executive shall be deemed
to have resigned from all officer, director, management or board positions to which Executive may have been elected or appointed by reason
of Executives employment or involvement with Company and any other boards and/or industry associations in which Executive serves
as a result of or in Executives capacity as Chief Financial Officer (collectively, the Associations). Executive
agrees to promptly execute and deliver to Company or its designee any other document, including without limitation a letter of resignation,
reasonably requested by Company to effectuate the purposes of this Section 3(j). If Company is unable, after reasonable effort, to secure
Executives signature on any document that Company deems to be necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Section 3(j), Executive
hereby designates and appoints Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as Executives agent and attorney-in-fact, to
act for and on Executives behalf to execute, verify and submit to any appropriate third party any such document, which shall thereafter
have the same legal force and effect as if executed by Executive.

(k)
Release Requirement. As a condition to receiving (and continuing to receive) the post-termination payments and benefits described
in this Agreement, Executive (or Executives spouse or estate) must (i) within not later than 60 days after the last day of employment
(the Release Deadline), execute (and not revoke) and deliver to the Company a Mutual Release Of All Claims And Covenant
Not To Sue Agreement (the Release) in a form to be prepared by the Company at the time of Executives separation
from employment; and (ii) remain in full compliance with such Release. The Company will have the obligation to provide Executive with
the Release within seven (7) days of the termination date. None of the post-termination payments and benefits described in this Agreement
will be paid or provided until the Release is effective and irrevocable and if the Release does not become effective and irrevocable
by the Release Deadline, Executive will forfeit all rights to the post-termination severance payments and benefits described in this
Agreement. If the Release is effective and irrevocable on the Release Deadline, then, except as required the following sentence and/or
Section 409A (as defined below), any payments that would have been made to Executive during the 60 day period immediately following Executives
separation from service will be paid to Executive on the first Company payroll period following the Release Deadline and any remaining
payments will be made as provided in this Agreement. Additionally, and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event
that the time period within which Executive must return and not revoke the Release straddles two (2) calendar years, in all events any
post-termination payments that are subject to Section 409A will be made (or commence, as applicable) in the second such calendar year.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 6

4.
Restrictive Covenants.

The
Executive understands that the nature of the Executives position gives the Executive access to and knowledge of trade secrets
and Confidential Information (as defined in the Nondisclosure Agreement) and places the Executive in a position of trust and confidence
with the Company. The Executive understands and acknowledges that the Executive is being hired because the executive services the Executive
provides to the Company are unique, special, or extraordinary. Executive further understands and acknowledges that the Companys
ability to reserve these for the exclusive knowledge and use of the Company is of great competitive importance and commercial value to
the Company, and that improper use or disclosure by the Employee is likely to result in unfair or unlawful competitive activity. Accordingly,
Executive agrees as follows:

(a)
Definitions. The following definitions shall apply to this Section 4:

(i)
The term Competitive Business means any business whose products, services, or activities compete in whole or in
part with the products services, or activities of Company, or planned products, services, or activities in which Executive was involved,
during Executives employment with Company.

(ii)
The term Customer Information identifying facts and circumstances specific to the Companys customer, including,
but is not limited to, names, phone numbers, addresses, email addresses, order history, order preferences, chain of command, and pricing
information.

(iii)
The term Nondisclosure Agreement means the Employee Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement
attached hereto as Attachment C.

(iv)
The term Prohibited Activity is activity in which the Executive contributes the Executives knowledge, directly
or indirectly, in whole or in part, as an employee, employer, owner, operator, manager, advisor, consultant, contractor, agent, partner,
director, stockholder, officer, volunteer, intern, or any other similar capacity to a Competitive Business. Prohibited Activity also
includes activity that may require or inevitably require the use or disclosure of trade secrets, proprietary information, or confidential
information.

(v)
The term Restricted Area shall mean the continental United States.

(vi)
The term Restricted Period shall mean the period of Executives employment with the Company and 24 months
immediately following the termination of Executives employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for the termination.

(b)
Non-Competition. During the Restricted Period, Executive agrees and covenants not to engage in Prohibited Activity within the
Restricted Area. The Company hereby provides the Executive with the attached Attachment D intending to comply with C.R.S.
8-2-113.

(c)
Non-Solicitation. Executive understands and acknowledges that the Company has expended and continues to expend significant time
and expense in recruiting and training its employees and that the loss of employees would cause significant and irreparable harm to the
Company. Executive agrees and covenants not to directly or indirectly solicit, hire, recruit, or attempt to solicit, hire, or recruit,
any employee of the Company, or induce the termination of employment of any employee of the Company, during the Restricted Period. This
non-solicitation provision explicitly covers all forms of oral, written, or electronic communication, including, but not limited to,
communications by email, regular mail, express mail, telephone, fax, instant message, and social media (including, but not limited to,
Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, TikTok, and any other social media platform, whether or not in existence at the time of entering
into this Agreement).

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 7

(d)
Non-Solicitation of Customers. Executive understands and acknowledges that because of the Executives experience with and
relationship to the Company, the Executive will has and will continue to have access to and will learn/has learned and will continue
to learn about much or all of the Companys Customer Information, including, but not limited to, confidential information. Executive
understands and acknowledges that: (i) the Companys relationships with its customers is of great competitive value; (ii) the Company
has invested and continues to invest substantial resources in developing and preserving its customer, vendor, and/or supplier relationships
and goodwill; and (iii) the loss of any such relationships or goodwill will cause significant and irreparable harm to the Company. Accordingly,
Executive agrees and covenants that during the Restricted Period, not to directly or indirectly solicit, contact, or attempt to solicit
or contact, using any other form of oral, written, or electronic communication, including, but not limited to, email, regular mail, express
mail, telephone, fax, instant message, or social media (including, but not limited to, Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, TikTok,
and any other social media platform, whether or not in existence at the time of entering into this Agreement), or meet with the Companys
actual or prospective customers, vendors, and suppliers for purposes of offering or accepting goods or services similar to or competitive
with those offered by the Company. This restriction shall only apply to the actual and prospective customers, vendors, and suppliers
with which Company conducted business in the 24 month period preceding the date of solicitation or the Termination Date, whichever is
earlier, and with which Executive had contact or about which Executive learned confidential information.

(e)
Tolling of Restrictive Covenants. Should Executive violate any of the terms of Section 4 of this Agreement, the duration of the
restrictions contained in Section 4 shall be extended by the duration of time during which Executive was in violation of the same.

(f)
Property of Company. Any property, confidential information, and all other business information, data, or documents, shall be
and remain solely and exclusively the property of Company. During Executives employment, Executive shall not remove from the property
or premises of Company any confidential information or any other documents or data relating to the business, work, services or sales
of Company, or copies thereof, unless authorized by Company and required for Executive to perform Executives duties under this
Agreement. Upon the termination of Executives employment (regardless of whether such termination is with or without Cause or Good
Reason), Executive shall promptly deliver to Company all property, documents, files, data, and other items (whether maintained in electronic
or hard copy format) obtained in the course of Executives employment with Company, including any Company-leased vehicle, whether
or not Executive believes such items constitute or contain confidential information, and without retaining any copies, notes, or excerpts
thereof. At Companys request, Executive shall permit Company or its designee to review any computer, devices, or data storage
hardware on which Executive stored or accessed any business information of Company or its customers to confirm that such business information
has been permanently removed and deleted therefrom.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 8

(g)
Remedies. Executive acknowledges that the restrictions contained herein are reasonable, mutually beneficial, and necessary in
order to protect Companys legitimate business interests, that any violation thereof would result in irreparable injury to Company
and that Executive therefore acknowledges and agrees that, in the event of any violation hereof, Executive shall be authorized and entitled
to obtain temporary, preliminary, and permanent injunctive relief, as well as an equitable accounting of all profits or benefits arising
out of such violation, which rights and remedies shall be cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies to which Company
may be entitled.

(i)
Inventions; Intellectual Property; Confidential Information. The Employee Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement
(the Nondisclosure Agreement) attached hereto as Attachment C is incorporated and made a part hereof
by this reference. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement and the Nondisclosure Agreement, Executive will not be held
criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (A) is made (i) in
confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (ii) solely for the
purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit
or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition, if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by Company for reporting
a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the trade secret to Executives attorney and use the trade secret information
in the court proceeding if Executive files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret
except pursuant to court order.

5.
Non-Disparagement.

Following
the termination of Executives employment hereunder for any reason, Executive agrees that Executive shall not make any statements
disparaging Company, its Board, its business, and/or the officers, directors, stockholders, or employees of Company or the Associations.
Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent Executive from the disclosure of information that: (A) is made: (i) in confidence to a federal,
state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or
investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if
such filing is made under seal. In the event that Executive files a lawsuit alleging retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected
violation of law, Executive may disclose confidential information related to the suspected violation of law or alleged retaliation to
Employees attorney and use that information in the court proceeding if Executive or Executives attorney: (Y) files any
document containing confidential information under seal; and (Z) does not disclose the confidential information, except pursuant to court
order. Executive understands and acknowledges that the Company provides this notice in compliance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of
2016.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 9

6.
Non-Assignability.

It
is understood that this Agreement has been entered into personally by the Parties. Neither party shall have the right to assign, transfer,
encumber or dispose of any duties, rights or payments due hereunder, which duties, rights and payments with respect hereto are expressly
declared to be non-assignable and non-transferable, being based upon the personal services of Executive, and any attempted assignment
or transfer shall be null and void and without binding effect on either party; provided, however, that Company may assign this Agreement
to any parent, subsidiary, affiliate or successor corporation.

7.
Complete Agreement.

Except
as to any prior intellectual property, non-competition, non-solicitation and non-disclosure covenants or agreements entered into between
Company and Executive, this Agreement constitutes the full understanding and entire employment agreement of the Parties, and supersedes
and is in lieu of any and all other understandings or agreements between Company and Executive including the Prior Agreements which,
other than as specifically set forth in this Agreement, is superseded in its entirety. Nothing herein is intended to limit any rights
or duties Executive has under the terms of any applicable incentive compensation, benefit plan or other similar agreements.

8.
Disputes.

Notwithstanding
Section 4 reserving the right to seek injunctive relief, this Section of this Agreement will be enforceable for the duration of Executives
employment with Company, and thereafter with respect to any such claims arising from or relating to Executives employment or cessation
of employment with Company. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY MUST ARBITRATE ALL SUCH EMPLOYMENT-RELATED CLAIMS, AND THAT THEY MAY NOT
FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT, OTHER THAN FOR THE PURPOSES OF SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF UNDER SECTION 4.

Any
dispute or claim arising to or in any way related to this Agreement shall be settled by binding arbitration in Denver, Colorado, but
any dispute or controversy arising out of or interpreting this Agreement shall be settled in accordance with the laws of the State of
Colorado as if this Agreement were executed and all actions were performed hereunder within the State of Colorado. All arbitration shall
be conducted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the American Arbitration Association (AAA). AAA shall
designate an arbitrator from an approved list of arbitrators following both Parties review and deletion of those arbitrators on
the approved list having a conflict of interest with either party. Each party shall pay its own expenses associated with such arbitration
and except for Companys obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, if any, the Parties agree to keep all such matters
confidential. A demand for arbitration shall be made within a reasonable time after the claim, dispute or other matter has arisen and
in no event shall such demand be made after the date when institution of legal or equitable proceedings based on such claim, dispute
or other matter in question would be barred by the applicable statutes of limitations. The decision of the arbitrators shall be rendered
within 60 days of submission of any claim or dispute, shall be in writing and mailed to all the Parties included in the arbitration.
The decision of the arbitrator shall be binding upon the Parties and judgment in accordance with that decision may be entered in any
court having jurisdiction thereof.

The
only claims or disputes excluded from binding arbitration under this Agreement are the following: any claim by Executive for workers
compensation benefits or for benefits under a Company plan that provides its own arbitration procedure; and any claim by either Party
for equitable relief, including but not limited to, a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction or permanent injunction against
the other party. This agreement to submit all covered claims to binding arbitration in no way alters the exclusivity of Executives
remedy in the event of any termination with or without Cause.

9.
Amendments.

Any
amendment to this Agreement shall be made only in writing and signed by each of the Parties hereto.

10.
Governing Law.

The
internal laws of the State of Colorado shall govern the construction and enforcement of this Agreement.

11.
Notices.

Any
notice required or authorized hereunder shall be deemed delivered when deposited, postage prepaid, in the United States mail, certified,
with return receipt requested, addressed to the Parties as follows:

If
to Executive: Bradford
Amman

With
a copy to: 

If
to Company: 

Vivos
Therapeutics, Inc.

7921
Southpark Plaza

Suite
210

Littleton,
CO 80120

Attention:
Board of Directors

With
a copy to: 

Snell
& Wilmer L.L.P. 1200 Seventeenth Street

Suite
1900

Denver,
CO 80202

Attention:
Martin C. Walsh, Jr.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 10

12.
Code Section 409A.

(a)
This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)
and related U.S. Treasury regulations or pronouncements (Section 409A) and any ambiguous provision will be construed
in a manner that is compliant with or exempt from the application of Section 409A. To the extent required by Section 409A, any reference
to an Executives termination of employment shall mean a cessation of the employment relationship between the Executive and Company
which constitutes a separation from service as determined in accordance with Section 409A. Nevertheless, the Company does
not and cannot guarantee any particular tax effect or treatment of the amounts due under this Agreement. Except for the Companys
responsibility to withhold applicable income and employment taxes from compensation paid or provided to Executive, the Company will not
be responsible for the payment of any applicable taxes on compensation paid or provided pursuant to this Agreement. Neither the time
nor schedule of any payment under this Agreement may be accelerated or subject to further deferral except as permitted by Section 409A
of the Internal Revenue Code and the applicable regulations. Executive does not have any right to make any election regarding the time
or form of any payment due under this Agreement except as permitted by Section 409A. Installment payments made pursuant to this Agreement
shall be treated as separate payments for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). In the event this Agreement or
any benefit paid to Executive hereunder is deemed to be subject to Section 409A, Executive consents to the Company adopting such conforming
amendments or taking such actions as the Company deems necessary, in its reasonable discretion, to comply with Section 409A and avoid
the imposition of taxes under Section 409A.

(b)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if on the date of termination of Executives employment
with Company, Executive is a specified employee as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i)(1), and as a result
of such termination would receive any payment that, absent the application of this Section 12 would be subject to interest and additional
tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A as a result of the application of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then no such payment shall
be made prior to the date that is the earliest of (i) 6 months after the date of termination of Executives employment;

(i)
Executives death; or (iii) such other date as will cause such payment not to be subject to such interest and additional tax.

13.
Code Section 280G. In the event that it is determined that any payment or distribution of any type to or for Executives
benefit made by the Company, by any of its affiliates, by any person who acquires ownership or effective control or ownership of a substantial
portion of the Companys assets (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)
or by any affiliate of such person, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or
otherwise (the Total Payments)), would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any interest
or penalties with respect to such excise tax (such excise tax, together with any such interest or penalties, are collectively referred
to as the Excise Tax), then such payments or distributions or benefits will be payable either:

(i)
in full; or

(ii)
as to such lesser amount which would result in no portion of such payments or distributions or benefits being subject to the Excise Tax.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 11

Executive
will receive the greater, on an after-tax basis, of (i) or (ii) above. In the event that clause (ii) above applies, and a reduction is
required to be applied to the Total Payments, the Total Payments will be reduced by the Company in the following order: (1) cash severance
payments and benefits due under this Agreement will be reduced (if necessary, to zero) in such order with amounts that are payable first
reduced first; provided, however that in all events such payments which are not subject to Section 409A of the Code will be reduced first;
(2) payments and benefits due in respect of any options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company will be reduced second; (3)
payments and benefits due in respect of any full value equity awards (i.e., restricted stock or restricted stock units) for which an
election under Section 83(b) of the Code has not been made will be reduced third; and (4) payments and benefits due in respect of any
full value equity awards (i.e., restricted stock or restricted stock units) for which an election under Section 83(b) of the Code has
been made will be reduced fourth. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in all events, Executive will have no right, power
or discretion to determine the reduction of payments and/or benefits hereunder and any such reduction will be structured in a manner
intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code.

Unless
Executive and the Company agree otherwise in writing, any determination required under this Section 13 will be made in writing by a qualified
independent accountant or compensation consulting firm selected by the Company (the Accountant) whose determination
will be conclusive and binding. Executive and the Company will furnish the Accountant such documentation and documents as the Accountant
may reasonably request in order to make a determination. The Company will bear all costs that the Accountant may reasonably incur in
connection with performing any calculations contemplated by this Section 13.

14.
Binding Effect.

This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs, executors
and legal representatives.

15.
Counterparts.

This
Agreement may be executed by the Parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original
but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Each counterpart may consist of two copies hereof each
signed by one of the Parties hereto.

16.
Construction.

Headings
in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not control the meaning of this Agreement. Whenever applicable, masculine and neutral
pronouns shall equally apply to the feminine genders; the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular.
The Parties have reviewed and understand this Agreement, and each has had a full opportunity to negotiate this Agreements terms
and to consult with counsel of their own choosing. Therefore, the Parties expressly waive all applicable common law and statutory rules
of construction that any provision of this Agreement should be construed against this Agreements drafter, and agree that this
Agreement and all amendments thereto shall be construed as a whole, according to the fair meaning of the language used.

17.
Severability and Modification by Court.

If
any court of competent jurisdiction declares any provision of this Agreement invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement
shall remain fully enforceable. To the extent that any such court concludes that any provision of this Agreement is void or voidable,
the court shall reform such provision(s) to render the provision(s) enforceable, but only to the extent absolutely necessary to render
the provision(s) enforceable and only in view of the Parties express desire that Company be protected to the greatest extent allowed
by law from unfair competition, unfair solicitation and/or the misuse or disclosure of its confidential information and records containing
such information.

[Signature
Page to follow.]

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 12

THIS
CONTRACT CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION WHICH MAY BE ENFORCED BY THE PARTIES.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day of the date first written above.

VIVOS THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

/S/
R. KIRK HUNTSMAN

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

EXECUTIVE:

/S/
BRADFORD AMMAN

BRADFORD AMMAN

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 13

Attachment
A

Job
Description for Chief Financial Officer

Job Title: Chief Financial Officer

Department: Executive

Reports To: Chief Executive Officer

SUMMARY

The
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) has primary responsibility for assisting the CEO in developing the strategic direction
and positioning of the Company.

The
CFO is accountable for the accounting and financial operations of the Company.

The
CFO leads and directs Vivos by performing the following duties personally or through subordinate managers.

ESSENTIAL
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.

assist
the CEO in developing, for the Boards approval, a strategic direction and positioning to ensure the Corporations success;

together
with the CEO, develop and recommend to the Board an annual operating plan, financial forecast and financial budget that support the
Corporations long term strategy;

create,
coordinate, and evaluate the financial controls and supporting information systems of the Corporation;

together
with the CEO, approve and coordinate changes and improvements to disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting;

ensure
that effective internal controls are in place and take steps to enhance, where necessary, the internal control systems within the
Corporation;

keep
the Board aware of the financial position and financial development of the Corporation;

develop
appropriate key performance indicators to monitor and drive the financial performance of the Corporation;

ensure
proper training of all personnel working on financial, accounting, audit or fiscal matters;

oversee
and monitor the Corporations financial position, banking and financing activities and capital structure and monitor the respect
of banking and financial covenants and hedging arrangements, as applicable;

ensure
the adequacy of the Corporations insurance coverage;

oversee
and monitor effective tax strategies and compliance for the Corporation;

coordinate
the preparation of the Corporations financial statements and management discussion and analysis (annual and interim);

review,
approve and present the Corporations annual and interim earnings releases, financial statements and management discussion
and analysis;

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 14

certify
documents as required under securities laws;

oversee
the mandate and the work of the internal auditor of the Corporation;

coordinate
the annual audit (and any special or non-recurring audit) with the Corporations external auditors;

coordinate
the review, and liaise with the external auditors as required, of all financial information disclosed in any offering documents of
the Corporation;

communicate
transparently and collaborate to the fullest extent possible with the Corporations external auditors;

oversee
the Corporations processes for identifying, assessing and managing the principal risks of the Corporations business;

assist
the Corporations Audit Committee in performing its duties required under the applicable securities laws and the Audit Committee
Charter;

attend
meetings of the Board and its Committees and present the financial information necessary or relevant to the Board or such Committees
for discharging its and their duties;

ensure
the information communicated to the public fairly portrays the position of the Corporation;

establish
and maintain lines of communications with the investor community and oversee the dissemination of the Corporations press releases,
annual report, communications with analysts and the media and investor relations; and

perform
other functions related to the office of the CFO or as may be reasonably requested by the Corporations CEO or Board.

Any
other job, duty or task reasonably assigned from time to time by the Board of Directors of Vivos, acting reasonably.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 15

Attachment
B

MANAGEMENT
INCENTIVE PLAN

1.
INCENTIVE. Executive shall be eligible for cash incentive compensation in the total gross amount of up to 50% of Executives
Base Salary, less required withholding and deductions, based on achievement of established annual performance objectives (the MBO
Milestones). Incentive compensation paid pursuant to this Plan shall be paid semi-annually upon review and approval of the
Compensation Committee of the Board.

2.
MBO MILESTONES. Executives entitlement to incentive compensation pursuant to this Plan shall be based upon achievement
of the following annual performance objectives:

MBO
Milestone Percentage
Weight

Reinstatement
of Shelf 20%

Closing
of financings of $10M+ 20%

Topline
revenue in excess of annual forecast 20%

Additional
FDA Clearance(s) 10%

Operating
cash flow in excess of forecast 10%

Acquisition
or strategic commercial partnership approved by the Board 

20%

The
foregoing MBO Milestones shall be in effect for 2024 and 2025 and have been approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board and the
Board, and are subject to modification by the Compensation Committee of the Board. Future MBO Milestones shall be established by the
Compensation Committee of the Board in its sole discretion.

3.
TERMINATION. Other than the pro-rated payments described below, Executive must remain in continuous employment with the Company
on each applicable semi-annual payment date to receive the cash incentive compensation payment for any given period; provided, that,
if Executives employment is terminated without Cause, Executive resigns for Good Reason, Executive dies, or Executive becomes
Disabled, and Executive satisfies the requirements Section forth in Section 3 of the Agreement, then Executive shall be entitled to receive
a pro-rated cash incentive compensation payment for the semi-annual period during which sum termination of employment occurs (with the
pro-rated amount calculated by reference to actual performance and the number of days during the period Executive was employment by the
Company) and with such lump sum amount paid to Executive in a single sum cash payment no later than 30 days following the last day of
the applicable semi-annual bonus period.

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 16

Attachment
C

EMPLOYEE
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

(See
Attached)

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 17

Attachment
D

NOTICE
REGARDING COVENANTS NOT TO COMPETE

To: Vivos Therapeutics, Inc.

From: Bradford Amman

Date: September 13, 2024

Re: Notice Pursuant to C.R.S. 8-2-113

In
compliance with C.R.S. 8-2-113(4), you are hereby notified that the enclosed AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
and the Employee Nondisclosure and Invention, IP and Copyright Assignment Agreement between Company and Executive dated September
13, 2024 entered into between you and VIVOS THERAPEUTICS, INC. (the Company) are being provided to you.

Both
of the documents referenced above contain one or more covenants not to compete that are reasonably necessary to protect the Companys
trade secrets. The covenants not to compete contained in the two documents could restrict your options for subsequent employment following
your separation from the Company.

Please
refer to Section 4 of the AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT for the specific provisions constituting the covenants
not to compete.

I
acknowledge receipt of this Notice and receipt of the Agreement.

Signature: /S/
BRADFORD AMMAN

Print
Name: Bradford
Amman

Date: September
13, 2024

Vivos Employment Agreement - CFO 18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>vvos-20250214.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>vvos-20250214_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>vvos-20250214_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39796

Entity Registrant Name Vivos
Therapeutics, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001716166

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-3224056

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 7921
Southpark Plaza

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 210

Entity Address, City or Town Littleton

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80120

City Area Code (844)

Local Phone Number 672-4357

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol VVOS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://vivos.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
vvos-20250214.xsd 
vvos-20250214_lab.xml 
vvos-20250214_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-006584-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001716166 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001716166 
8-K 
2025-02-14 
Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. 
DE 
001-39796 
81-3224056 
7921 Southpark Plaza 
Suite 210 
Littleton 
CO 
80120 
(844) 
672-4357 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
VVOS 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>