<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001558370-25-002609.txt : 20250311
<SEC-HEADER>0001558370-25-002609.hdr.sgml : 20250311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310174510
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-25-002609
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250310
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mayville Engineering Company, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001766368
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL FORGING & STAMPINGS [3460]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				390944729
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38894
		FILM NUMBER:		25725093

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		715 SOUTH STREET
		CITY:			MAYVILLE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53050
		BUSINESS PHONE:		920-387-4500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		715 SOUTH STREET
		CITY:			MAYVILLE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53050

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mayville Engineering Comapny, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190130
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tmb-20250310x8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

0001766368false00017663682025-03-102025-03-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 10, 2025

Mayville Engineering Company, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Wisconsin 

001-38894 

39-0944729

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

135 S. 84th Street, Suite 300

Milwaukee, Wisconsin53214 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices and zip code) 

(414) 381-2860

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 C.F.R. 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 C.F.R. 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 C.F.R. 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 C.F.R. 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, no par value 

MEC 

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On March 10, 2025, Mayville Engineering Company, Inc. (the Company) announced the appointment of Craig D. Nichols as the Companys Senior Vice President Operations and Supply Chain effective March 10, 2025. A copy of the press release announcing the foregoing is filed as Exhibit 99 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Nichols, 50, served as Vice President of Drive System Operations at Dana Incorporated since October 2021, Senior Director of Operations at Dana from September 2019 to September 2021, Senior Director of Off Highway Global Manufacturing Strategy at Dana from August 2018 to August 2019 and Senior Director of Global Aftermarket Distribution Operations at Dana from December 2016 to August 2018. Prior to joining Dana, he served as Senior Vice President of Global Manufacturing at Jason Industries. He started his career in 1993 with Hi-lex Corporation, where he was responsible for design, procurement and installation of secondary equipment, tooling and assembly lines, and then led multiple operations at Lear Corporation. Mr. Nichols earned a Bachelors Degree in Business Management from Davenport University.

Mr. Nichols initial base salary is $415,000 per year; he is eligible to earn an annual bonus based on performance, with his target bonus for 2025 being 60% of his base salary (which will be prorated to reflect his partial year of service); he is eligible to participate in the Companys long-term incentive plan, with an annual target grant date fair value of $500,000; he is eligible to participate in the Companys deferred compensation plan; and he is eligible to participate in the Companys normal benefits package.

Mr. Nichols also will receive a sign-on bonus in the amount of $150,000, subject to repayment in part or in whole, depending on the duration of his employment, if Mr. Nichols employment is terminated voluntarily by him or by the Company for performance or misconduct prior to March 10, 2027. 

In connection with his appointment as the Companys Senior Vice President Operations and Supply Chain, the Company and Mr. Nichols entered into a severance agreement (a Severance Agreement) and a Change in Control Employment and Severance Agreement (the Change in Control Agreement). The Severance Agreement provides for a lump sum severance benefit equal to Mr. Nichols then-current annual base salary and target annual cash bonus in the event that his employment is involuntarily terminated without cause or he terminates for good reason prior to a change in control of the Company. As a condition of receiving such severance, Mr. Nichols is required to execute a release and waiver of claims. 

The Change in Control Agreement provides for certain protections relating to Mr. Nichols employment during a two-year period following a change in control of the Company. If, during the protected period, Mr. Nichols employment is terminated by the Company without cause, other than by reason of death or disability, or Mr. Nichols terminates his employment with good reason, then, if Mr. Nichols provides a release of claims, he will be entitled to a severance payment of two times the sum of his annual base salary and target annual bonus. The Change in Control Agreement also provides that Mr. Nichols would be entitled to continued life insurance, hospitalization, medical and dental coverage for 24 months following the termination of employment. Any equity-based and cash incentive awards granted after the change in control will be deemed immediately earned or vested in full as of the termination of employment. 

Prior to a change in control, the Change in Control Agreement does not restrict the Companys right to terminate Mr. Nichols employment for any reason. However, if Mr. Nichols employment is terminated by the Company without cause within 180 days prior to a change in control and he reasonably demonstrates that the termination was at the request of the acquirer or otherwise arose in connection with or in anticipation of the change in control, he will be entitled to the protections under the Change in Control Agreement described above.

The Change in Control Agreement imposes restrictive covenants on Mr. Nichols, including non-solicitation of Company customers, non-competition with the Company and non-interference with Company employees during his employment and for 12 months after employment ends. The Change in Control Agreement also obligates Mr. Nichols to protect the Companys confidential information.

The Change in Control Agreement does not provide for any tax gross-ups. To the extent payments in connection with the change in control would trigger the parachute payment excise tax under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue 

Code of 1986, as amended, then Mr. Nichols will either receive the total payments and pay the excise tax or have the total payments reduced such that no excise tax will be imposed, whichever is better for him on an after-tax basis.

The foregoing descriptions of the Severance Agreement and the Change in Control Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full texts of the forms of these agreements, which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 and are incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01.Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) Not applicable.

(b) Not applicable.

(c) Not applicable.

(d)Exhibits. The exhibit listed in the exhibit index below is being filed herewith. 

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit Number 

10.1 

Form of Severance Agreement between Mayville Engineering Company, Inc. and Craig D. Nichols.

10.2 

Form of Change in Control Employment and Severance Agreement between Mayville Engineering Company, Inc. and Craig D. Nichols.

99 

Press Release of Mayville Engineering Company, Inc., dated March 10, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MAYVILLE ENGINEERING COMPANY, INC.

Date: March 10, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Sean P. Leuba

Sean P. Leuba

Senior Vice President - Corporate Development and General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tmb-20250310xex10d1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
.8

Exhibit 10.1

SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

THIS SEVERANCE AGREEMENT, effective as of the __ day of March, 2025 (this Agreement), is by and between MAYVILLE ENGINEERING COMPANY, INC. a Wisconsin corporation (the Company), and Craig Nichols (the Executive). 

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Executive has agreed to serve as the Companys Senior Vice President Operations and Supply Chain.

WHEREAS, the Company is, as of the date hereof, entering into a Change in Control Employment and Severance Agreement with the Executive (the CIC Agreement), which provides for severance benefits upon certain terminations of employment in connection with a change in control of the Company.

WHEREAS, the Company desires to provide Executive certain assurances regarding severance pay in the event of termination of employment under certain circumstances in which the CIC Agreement would not apply as described in this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1.Not an Employment Agreement; Mutual Exclusivity With CIC Agreement. This Agreement is not an employment agreement and shall not change the employment relationship between the Company and the Executive. Except as expressly provided herein, this Agreement shall not amend or alter the terms of, or limit the benefits to the Executive under, any existing or future employment, transition, change of control or other agreement between Executive and the Company. This Agreement shall not be amended by any such future agreement unless such future agreement specifically provides that the terms of this Agreement shall be amended. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding and subject to any existing or future employment or other agreement between the Company and the Executive, (a) the Executive may terminate the Executives employment with the Company at any time and for any reason and (b) the Company may terminate the Executives employment with the Company at any time and for any reason. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if a Change in Control of the Company (as defined in the CIC Agreement) occurs, then (x) the CIC Agreement will apply in place of this Agreement during the Employment Period (as defined in the CIC Agreement); (y) to the extent the Executive receives any payments or other benefits under Section 9 of the CIC Agreement, no payments or other benefits shall be provided under this Agreement; and (z) no duplicative payments or other benefits (as determined by the Company in its discretion) shall be received by Executive under this Agreement and the CIC Agreement.

2.Severance.

(a)Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason. If the Executives employment or service with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason, then: 

(i)The Company shall, subject to the provisions of Section 2(a)(ii), pay to the Executive as severance in a single sum on the forty-fifth (45th) day following such termination of employment or service an amount equal to 1.0 times the sum of (A) the Executives annual base salary as in effect at the time of such termination plus (B) Executives annual target bonus for the year in which the termination occurs (or, if the Executives annual target bonus has not been set for the year in which the termination occurs, then the annual target bonus for the preceding year) (the Severance Payment).

(ii)The Companys obligation to make the Severance Payment shall be contingent on the Executive signing and not revoking a release of claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (adjusted as necessary to conform to then existing legal requirements in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Executive) (a Full Release) within thirty (30) days following the Executives termination of employment or service.

(b)Termination With Cause or For Good Reason. If the Executives employment or service with the Company is terminated by the Company for Cause, by the Executive without Good Reason or under any other circumstance, then the Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or other benefits under this Agreement and shall be entitled only to such benefits as may be accrued and unpaid under any other benefits arrangements of the Company, except that whether the Executive forfeits vested equity compensation benefits will be determined in accordance with the terms of plans and agreements applicable to such equity compensation benefits rather than this Agreement.

(c)Definitions of Cause and Good Reason: For purposes of this Agreement:

(i)Cause means one of the following: (A) cause as defined in the Companys employment policies as in effect at the time of the determination (or if the determination of Cause is being made within two years following a Change of Control (as defined in the Companys 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan as in effect on the date hereof), the meaning given in the Companys employment policies as in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control); or if none then (B) the occurrence of any of the following: (x) the repeated failure or refusal of the Executive to follow the lawful directives of the Company or an affiliate (except due to sickness, injury or disabilities), (y) gross inattention to duty or any other willful, reckless or grossly negligent act (or omission to act) by the Executive, which, in the good faith judgment of the Company, could result in a material injury to the Company or an affiliate including but not limited to the repeated failure to follow the policies and procedures of the Company, or (z) the commission by the Executive of a felony or other crime involving moral turpitude or the commission by the Executive of an act of financial dishonesty against the Company or an affiliate. 

(ii)Good Reason means any (A) material reduction in the Executives base salary or (B) material adverse change, without the Executives prior written consent, in the Executives working conditions or status with the Company; provided that Good Reason shall not be deemed to exist unless (1) the Executive provides written notice to the Company of the existence of the circumstances constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days after such circumstances first arise and (2) the Company fails to remedy such circumstances within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice. The Executives termination as a result of Good Reason shall automatically occur on the thirty-first (31st) day following the receipt by the Company of the written notice of termination from the Executive, unless the Company has 

-2-

cured the breach during the 30-day cure period. If the Company cures the breach during the 30-day cure period, then the Executives notice of Good Reason shall be deemed withdrawn. 

3.Code Section 409A. The Company and the Executive intend the terms of this Agreement to be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). The Company does not guarantee the tax treatment or tax consequences associated with any payment or benefit, including but not limited to consequences related to Code Section 409A. To the maximum extent permissible, any ambiguous terms of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner which avoids a violation of Code Section 409A. 

4.Miscellaneous.

(a)Withholding. All payments under this Agreement shall be subject to withholding or deduction by reason of the Federal Insurance Contributions Act, the federal income tax and state or local income tax and similar laws, to the extent such laws apply to such payments.

(b)Severability. This Agreement is to be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Wisconsin. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid and unenforceable for any reason whatsoever, such provision shall be deemed deleted and the remainder of the Agreement shall be valid and enforceable without such provision.

(c)Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other party or by reputable overnight courier or registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: (i) if to the Executive, to the Executives home address as it appears on the personnel records of the Company; and (ii) if to the Company, to the Companys Board of Directors at the Companys principal executive offices, in each case or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith. Notices and communications shall be effective when personally delivered, the date of delivery by overnight courier or on the second business day following the day on which such item was mailed.

(d)Entire Agreement; Term and Amendments. This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the Company and the Executive with respect to the subject matter hereof, except for any stock option, restricted stock or other award agreement under the Companys stock and incentive plans; provided that the CIC Agreement will apply in place of this Agreement during the Employment Period in the event of a Change in Control of the Company. This Agreement shall continue in effect unless earlier terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto. This Agreement may be modified only in writing signed by the parties hereto.

(e)Successors. This Agreement is personal to the Executive and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by the Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall (i) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executives legal representatives, and (ii) inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors.

(f)Dispute Resolution. All controversies between the Executive and the Company arising under this Agreement shall be determined by arbitration. Any arbitration under this Section 5(f) shall be conducted in the State of Wisconsin, before the American Arbitration Association, and in accordance with the rules of such organization. The arbitration award may allocate attorneys fees and 

-3-

expenses attributable to the arbitration as determined by the arbitrator. The award of the arbitrators, or the majority of them, shall be final, and judgment upon the award rendered may be entered into any court, state or federal, having jurisdiction.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

MAYVILLE ENGINEERING COMPANY, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Attest: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXECUTIVE

-4-

EXHIBIT A

RELEASE 

5.In exchange for the promises and payments provided for in the Severance Agreement (the Agreement) effective as _______ ___, 20__ between Mayville Engineering Company, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation (the Company), and Craig Nichols (the Executive), the Executive hereby releases and forever discharges the Released Parties (defined below) from any and all claims, demands, rights, liabilities and causes of action of any kind or nature, known or unknown, arising prior to or through the date the Executive executes this Release, including, but not limited to, any claims, demands, rights, liabilities and causes of action arising or having arisen out of or in connection with the Executives employment or termination of employment with the Company. Released Parties includes the Company, its parent companies, subsidiaries, related and affiliated companies, and its and their past and present employees, directors, officers, agents, shareholders, insurers, attorneys, executors, assigns and other representatives of any kind. The Executive also releases and waives any claim or right to further compensation, benefits, damages, penalties, attorneys fees, costs or expenses of any kind from the Company or any of the other Released Parties except as provided in the Agreement. This release specifically includes, but is not limited to, a release of any and all claims pursuant to state and local fair employment law(s); Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; the Reconstruction Era Civil Rights Acts, 42 U.S.C. 1981-1988; the Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA); the Americans with Disabilities Act; state and federal family and/or medical leave acts; state and federal wage payment laws to the extent such claims can legally be waived; and any other federal, state or local laws or regulations of any kind, whether statutory or decisional. This release also includes, but is not limited to, a release of any claims for wrongful termination, retaliation, tort, breach of contract, defamation, misrepresentation, violation of public policy or invasion of privacy. This release does not include a waiver of any claim that cannot legally be waived. This release does not apply to any right the Executive may have to indemnification by the Company by virtue of the Executives status as a director, officer or employee of the Company under applicable law and/or the Companys bylaws. 

6.The Executive states that the Executive has not filed or joined in any complaints, lawsuits, or proceedings of any kind against the Company or any of the other Released Parties, and the Executive promises never to file, pursue, participate in, or join in any lawsuits or proceedings asserting any claims that are released in this Release. However, nothing in this Release prevents the Executive from (a) challenging the enforceability of this Release under the ADEA; or (b) filing a charge with the EEOC or otherwise cooperating with the EEOC; however, this Release does prohibit the Executive from obtaining any personal or monetary relief from the Released Parties based upon such cooperation or charge, whether filed by the Executive or anyone else on behalf of the Executive.

7.The Executive agrees and understands that this Release does not supersede any confidentiality or noncompete agreements or obligations to which the Executive was subject while employed by the Company or reduce the Executives obligations to comply with applicable laws relating to trade secrets, confidential information or unfair competition. 

8.The Executive hereby acknowledges that the benefits provided in the Agreement are greater than those to which the Executive is entitled by any contract, employment policy, or otherwise. The Executive has up to twenty-one (21) days to consider whether to accept this Release and the Executive enters into it voluntarily. The Executive may revoke this Release, in writing, within seven (7) days after signing it, and this Release will not become enforceable or effective until 

the revocation period has expired. The Company advises the Executive to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Release.

9.Neither the Companys signing of this Release nor any actions taken by the Company toward compliance with the terms of this Release or the Agreement constitute an admission by the Company that it has acted improperly or unlawfully with regard to the Executive or that it has violated any state or federal law.

10.If any portion of this Release is found to be unenforceable, the parties desire that all other portions that can be separated from it, or appropriately limited in scope, shall remain fully valid and enforceable. The Executive enters into this Release knowingly and voluntarily and without any coercion.

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY:

EXECUTIVE

_________________________________Date: ______________

-6-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tmb-20250310xex10d2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

CHANGE IN CONTROL EMPLOYMENT AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

THIS CHANGE IN CONTROL EMPLOYMENT AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT, effective as of the __ day of March, 2025 (this Agreement), is by and between MAYVILLE ENGINEERING COMPANY, INC., a Wisconsin corporation (the Company), and Craig Nichols (the Executive).

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, the Executive has agreed to serve as the Companys Senior Vice President Operations and Supply Chain and the Executives services are valuable to the conduct of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Employer).

WHEREAS, the Company desires to continue to attract and retain dedicated and skilled management employees in a period of industry change, consistent with achieving the best possible value for its shareholders in any change in control of the Company.

WHEREAS, the Company recognizes that circumstances may arise in which a change in control of the Company occurs, through acquisition or otherwise, thereby causing a potential conflict of interest between the Companys needs for the Executive to remain focused on the Companys business and for the necessary continuity in management prior to and following a change in control, and the Executives reasonable personal concerns regarding future employment with the Employer and economic protection in the event of loss of employment as a consequence of a change in control.

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive are desirous that any proposal for a change in control or acquisition of the Company will be considered by the Executive objectively and with reference only to the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.

WHEREAS, the Executive will be in a better position to consider the Companys best interests if the Executive is afforded reasonable economic security, as provided in this Agreement, against altered conditions of employment which could result from any such change in control or acquisition.

WHEREAS, the Executive possesses intimate knowledge of the business and affairs of the Company and has acquired certain confidential information and data with respect to the Company.

WHEREAS, the Company desires to insure, insofar as possible, that it will continue to have the benefit of the Executives services and to protect its confidential information and goodwill.

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive are entering into a Severance Agreement effective as of the date hereof (the Pre-CIC Severance Agreement), which provides for severance benefits upon certain terminations of employment but does not contemplate any enhanced benefits in connection with a change in control of the Company.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto mutually covenant and agree as follows:

1.Definitions.

(a)409A Affiliate. The term 409A Affiliate means each entity that is required to be included in the Companys controlled group of corporations within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code, or that is under common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code; provided, however, that the phrase at least 50 percent shall be used in place of the phrase at least 80 percent each place it appears therein or in the regulations thereunder.

(b)Accrued Benefits. The Executives Accrued Benefits shall include the following amounts, payable as described herein: (i) all base salary for the time period ending with the Termination Date; (ii) reimbursement for any and all monies advanced in connection with the Executives employment for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by the Executive on behalf of the Employer for the time period ending with the Termination Date; (iii) any and all other cash earned through the Termination Date and deferred at the election of the Executive or pursuant to any deferred compensation plan then in effect; (iv) notwithstanding any provision of any cash bonus or cash incentive compensation plan applicable to the Executive (other than certain cash-based long-term incentive compensation awards as provided in clause (B) below), but subject to any irrevocable deferral election then in effect, a lump sum amount, in cash, equal to the sum of (A) any cash bonus or cash incentive compensation that has been allocated or awarded to the Executive for a fiscal year or other measuring period under the plan that ends prior to the Termination Date but has not yet been paid (pursuant to Section 5(e) or otherwise) and (B) a pro rata portion to the Termination Date of the aggregate value of all contingent cash-based bonus or incentive compensation awards to the Executive (including any such annual bonus and, unless the applicable award document expressly references this definition and provides otherwise, any such long-term incentive compensation awards) for all uncompleted periods under the plan calculated as to each such award as if the Goals with respect to such bonus or incentive compensation award had been attained at the target level; and (v) all other payments and benefits to which the Executive (or in the event of the Executives death, the Executives surviving spouse or other beneficiary) may be entitled on the Termination Date as compensatory fringe benefits or under the terms of any benefit plan of the Employer, excluding severance payments under any Employer severance policy, practice or agreement in effect on the Termination Date. Payment of Accrued Benefits shall be made promptly in accordance with the Companys prevailing practice with respect to clauses (i) and (ii) or, with respect to clauses (iii), (iv) and (v), pursuant to the terms of the benefit plan or practice establishing such benefits; provided that payments pursuant to clause (iv)(B) shall be paid on the first day of the seventh month following the month in which the Executives Separation from Service occurs to the extent necessary for compliance with the requirements of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B) relating to specified employees or, to the extent not so required, within ninety (90) days of the Executives Separation from Service.

(c)Act. The term Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(d)Affiliate and Associate. The terms Affiliate and Associate shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule l2b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Act.

(e)Annual Cash Compensation. The term Annual Cash Compensation shall mean the sum of (i) the Executives Annual Base Salary (determined as of the time of the Change in Control of the Company or, if higher, immediately prior to the date the Notice of Termination is given) plus (ii) an amount equal to the Executives annual cash incentive target bonus for the fiscal year in 

2

which the Termination Date occurs (the aggregate amount set forth in clause (i) and clause (ii) shall hereafter be referred to as the Annual Cash Compensation).

(f)Beneficial Owner. A Person shall be deemed to be the Beneficial Owner of any securities:

(i)which such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates has the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, rights, warrants or options, or otherwise; provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, (A) securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase, or (B) securities issuable upon exercise of any rights issued pursuant to the terms of any rights agreement of the Company, at any time before the issuance of such securities;

(ii)which such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates, directly or indirectly, has the right to vote or dispose of or has beneficial ownership of (as determined pursuant to Rule l3d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Act), including pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding; provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, any security under this clause (ii) as a result of an agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such security if the agreement, arrangement or understanding: (A) arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable rules and regulations under the Act and (B) is not also then reportable on a Schedule l3D under the Act (or any comparable or successor report); or

(iii)which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other Person with which such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates has any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except pursuant to a revocable proxy as described in clause (ii) above) or disposing of any voting securities of the Company.

(g)Cause. Cause for termination by the Employer of the Executives employment shall be limited to (i) the engaging by the Executive in intentional conduct that the Company establishes, by clear and convincing evidence, has caused demonstrable and serious financial injury to the Employer, as evidenced by a determination in a binding and final judgment, order or decree of a court or administrative agency of competent jurisdiction, in effect after exhaustion or lapse of all rights of appeal, in an action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative; (ii) the Executives conviction of a felony (as evidenced by binding and final judgment, order or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction, in effect after exhaustion of all rights of appeal), the elements of which are substantially related to the Executives duties or responsibilities owed to the Employer; or (iii) continuing willful and unreasonable refusal by the Executive to perform the Executives duties or responsibilities (unless significantly changed without the Executives consent).

(h)Change in Control of the Company. A Change in Control of the Company shall be deemed to have occurred if an event or events constituting a Change of Control as defined 

3

in the Companys 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as an existence on the date hereof, shall have occurred. 

(i)Code. The term Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, including any amendments thereto or successor tax codes thereof. Any reference to a specific provision of the Code includes any regulations promulgated under such provision and any successor provision.

(j)Company Customer. Company Customer is limited to those customers, clients or partners who did business with the Company within the most recent twenty-four (24) months of the Executives employment (or during the period of the Executives employment, if the Executive was employed for less than twenty-four months) and (i) about whom the Executive, as a result of his or her employment, had access to information or goodwill as a normal part of the Executives job performance that would assist in solicitation of such Company Customer, or (ii) with whom the Executive personally dealt on behalf of the Company in the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the last day of the Executives employment and that the Executive was introduced to or otherwise had business contact with such Company Customer as a result of his or her employment with the Company. Company Customer shall also include an individual or business to whom a pitch to solicit or secure business or a sale was prepared (even if not yet made) within the 12-month period preceding the end of the Executives employment, and with which the Executive had not insignificant involvement in the preparation, or had exposure to specific information developed for that particular pitch.

(k)Competitive Products. Competitive Products means products that serve the same function as, or that could be used to replace, products the Company provided to, offered to, or was in the process of developing for a present, former, or future possible customer/client/partner at any time during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the last day of the Executives employment (or at any time during the Executives employment if Executive was employed for less than twelve months). Competitive Products does not include any product that the Company no longer provides and/or does not intend to provide in the 12-month period following the date on which Executives employment with the Company ends.

(l)Competitive Services. Competitive Services means services of the type that the Company provided or offered to its customers, clients or partners at any time during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the last day of the Executives employment with the Company (or at any time during the Executives employment if the Executive was employed for less than twelve months). Competitive Services also includes those services that the Company was in the process of developing or which it was actively engaged in research and development to offer to a customer/client/partner or anticipated customer/client/partner at the time Executives employment with the Company ended. Competitive Services does not include any service that the Company no longer provides and/or does not intend to provide in the 12-month period following the date on which Executives employment with the Company ends.

(m)Confidential Information. Confidential Information means Company information not generally known to, and not readily ascertainable through proper means by, the Companys competitors on matters such as customer lists, customer information, and customer needs; nonpublic financial information; marketing, business and strategic plans; business methods; research strategies and plans; patent applications; sales and marketing plans; future market and product plans; Company (not individual) know-how; trade secrets; Company research and development, techniques, processes, product development, work processes or methodologies; production machinery, tools, raw materials and methodologies; analytical analyses, product analyses, inventions, formulaic work, 

4

formulas, formulaic techniques, analytical methodology, efficacy data and testing data; technology, drawings, engineering, code, code writing, software (and hardware) development and platform development; mechanical development and research, and all drawings or engineering for the same; and other information of a technical or economic nature relating to the Companys business, and to which the Executive has access. Confidential Information includes negative know-how, which is information about what the Company has tried that did not work, if that information is not generally known or easily ascertainable by the Companys competitors and would give them an advantage in knowing what not to do. Information, data, and materials received by the Company from others in confidence (or subject to nondisclosure or similar covenants that is of the same character as that described in this paragraph, shall also be deemed to be and shall be Protected Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include information that the Executive can prove: (i) was in the public domain, being publicly and openly known through lawful and proper means; (ii) was independently developed or acquired by the Executive without reliance in any way on other Confidential Information of the Company or any customer, client or partner; or, (iii) was approved by the Company for use and disclosure by the Executive without restriction.

(n)Covered Termination. Subject to Section 2(b), the term Covered Termination means any Termination of Employment during the Employment Period where the Termination Date or the date Notice of Termination is delivered is any date prior to the end of the Employment Period.

(o)Direct Competitor. Direct Competitor means a person, business or company providing Competitive Products or Competitive Services anywhere in the United States. Direct Competitor does not include any business which the parties have agreed in writing to exclude from the definition.

(p)Employment Period. Subject to Section 2(b), the term Employment Period means a period commencing on the date of a Change in Control of the Company, and ending at 11:59 p.m. Central Time on the second anniversary of such date

(q)Good Reason. The Executive shall have Good Reason for termination of employment in the event of any of the following without the Executives prior written consent:

(i)any breach of this Agreement by the Employer, including specifically any breach by the Employer of the agreements contained in Section 3, Section 4, Section 5, or Section 6, other than an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith that the Employer remedies within ten (10) days after receipt of written notice thereof given by the Executive;

(ii)any reduction in the Executives (A) base salary, (B) percentage of base salary available as cash incentive compensation or bonus opportunity, (C) grant date fair value of annual equity-based awards or (D) other benefits, in each case relative to those most favorable to the Executive in effect at any time during the 180-day period prior to the Change in Control of the Company or, to the extent more favorable to the Executive, those in effect at any time during the Employment Period;

(iii)the removal of the Executive from, or any failure to reelect or reappoint the Executive to, any of the positions held with the Employer on the date of the Change in Control of the Company or any other positions with the Employer to which the Executive shall 

5

thereafter be elected, appointed or assigned, except in the event that such removal or failure to reelect or reappoint relates to the termination by the Employer of the Executives employment for Cause or by reason of disability pursuant to Section 12;

(iv)a good faith determination by the Executive that there has been a material adverse change in the Executives working conditions or status with the Employer relative to the most favorable working conditions or status in effect during the 180-day period prior to the Change in Control of the Company, or, to the extent more favorable to the Executive, those in effect at any time during the Employment Period, including but not limited to (A) a significant change in the nature or scope of the Executives authority, powers, functions, duties or responsibilities (including a change in reporting structure that entails a significant change in such nature or scope), or (B) a significant reduction in the level of support services, staff, secretarial and other assistance, office space and accoutrements, but in each case excluding for this purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent event not occurring in bad faith that the Employer remedies within ten (10) days after receipt of written notice thereof given by the Executive;

(v)the relocation of the Executives principal place of employment to a location more than 50 miles from the Executives principal place of employment on the date 180 days prior to the Change in Control of the Company (or if the Executive has not been employed for 180 days prior to the Change in Control of the Company, as in effect on the date the Executive entered into this Agreement);

(vi)the Employer requires the Executive to travel on Employer business 20% in excess of the average number of days per month the Executive was required to travel during the 180-day period prior to the Change in Control of the Company; or

(vii)failure by the Company to obtain the Agreement referred to in Section 17(a) as provided therein.

(r)Person. The term Person shall mean any individual, firm, partnership, corporation or other entity, including any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity, or a group of any of the foregoing acting in concert.

(s)Separation from Service. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Separation from Service means the Executives Termination of Employment, or if the Executive continues to provide services following his or her Termination of Employment, such later date as is considered a separation from service from the Company and its 409A Affiliates within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Specifically, if the Executive continues to provide services to the Company or a 409A Affiliate in a capacity other than as an employee, such shift in status is not automatically a Separation from Service.

(t)Termination of Employment. For purposes of this Agreement, the Executives termination of employment shall be presumed to occur when the Company and Executive reasonably anticipate that no further services will be performed by the Executive for the Company and its 409A Affiliates or that the level of bona fide services the Executive will perform as an employee of the Company and its 409A Affiliates will permanently decrease to no more than 20% of the average level of bona fide services performed by the Executive (whether as an employee or independent contractor) for the Company and its 409A Affiliates over the immediately preceding 36-month period (or such 

6

lesser period of services). Whether the Executive has experienced a Termination of Employment shall be determined by the Employer in good faith and consistent with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive takes a leave of absence for purposes of military leave, sick leave or other bona fide reason, the Executive will not be deemed to have incurred a Separation from Service for the first 6 months of the leave of absence, or if longer, for so long as the Executives right to reemployment is provided either by statute or by contract, including this Agreement; provided that if the leave of absence is due to a medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or last for a continuous period of not less than six months, where such impairment causes the Executive to be unable to perform the duties of his or her position of employment or any substantially similar position of employment, the leave may be extended by the Employer for up to 29 months without causing a Termination of Employment.

(u)Termination Date. Except as otherwise provided in Section 2(b), Section 10(b), and Section 17(a), the term Termination Date means (i) if the Executives Termination of Employment is by the Executives death, the date of death; (ii) if the Executives Termination of Employment is by reason of voluntary early retirement, as agreed in writing by the Employer and the Executive, the date of such early retirement which is set forth in such written agreement; (iii) if the Executives Termination of Employment is, for purposes of this Agreement, by reason of disability pursuant to Section 12, the earlier of thirty (30) days after the Notice of Termination is given or one day prior to the end of the Employment Period; (iv) if the Executives Termination of Employment is by the Executive voluntarily (other than for Good Reason), the date the Notice of Termination is given; and (v) if the Executives Termination of Employment is by the Employer (other than by reason of disability pursuant to Section 12) or by the Executive for Good Reason, the earlier of thirty (30) days after the Notice of Termination is given or one day prior to the end of the Employment Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing,

(A)If termination is for Cause pursuant to Section 1(g)(iii) and if the Executive has cured the conduct constituting such Cause as described by the Employer in its Notice of Termination within such 30-day or shorter period, then the Executives employment hereunder shall continue as if the Employer had not delivered its Notice of Termination.

(B)If the Executive shall in good faith give a Notice of Termination for Good Reason and the Employer notifies the Executive that a dispute exists concerning the termination within the 15-day period following receipt thereof, then the Executive may elect to continue his or her employment during such dispute and the Termination Date shall be determined under this paragraph. If the Executive so elects and it is thereafter determined that Good Reason did exist, the Termination Date shall be the earliest of (1) the date on which the dispute is finally determined, either (x) by mutual written agreement of the parties or (y) in accordance with Section 22, (2) the date of the Executives death or (3) one day prior to the end of the Employment Period. If the Executive so elects and it is thereafter determined that Good Reason did not exist, then the employment of the Executive hereunder shall continue after such determination as if the Executive had not delivered the Notice of Termination asserting Good Reason and there shall be no Termination Date arising out of such Notice. In either case, this Agreement continues, until the Termination Date, if any, as if the Executive had not delivered the Notice of Termination except that, if it is finally determined that Good Reason did exist, the Executive shall in no case be denied the benefits described in 

7

Section 9 (including a Termination Payment) based on events occurring after the Executive delivered his Notice of Termination.

(C)Except as provided in Section 1(u)(B), if the party receiving the Notice of Termination notifies the other party that a dispute exists concerning the termination within the appropriate period following receipt thereof and it is finally determined that the reason asserted in such Notice of Termination did not exist, then (1) if such Notice was delivered by the Executive, the Executive will be deemed to have voluntarily terminated his or her employment and the Termination Date shall be the earlier of the date 15 days after the Notice of Termination is given or one day prior to the end of the Employment Period and (2) if delivered by the Company, the Company will be deemed to have terminated the Executive other than by reason of death, disability or Cause.

Capitalized terms used in this Agreement not defined in this Section 1 have the meanings assigned in the other sections of this Agreement. The definitions of the following terms may be found in the sections indicated:

Term 

Section

Annual Base Salary 

Section 5(a)

Base Period Income 

Section 9(b)(iii)

Bonus Amount 

Section 5(e)(i)

Bonus Plan 

Section 5(e)

Company Incentive Plan 

Section 5(e)(iii)

DTSA 

Section 14(f)

Excise Tax 

Section 9(b)(i)

Expenses 

Section 15

Goals 

Section 5(e)(iii)

National Tax Counsel 

Section 9(b)(ii)

Notice of Termination 

Section 13

Plans 

Section 9(c)(iv)

Restricted Employee 

Section 14(c)

Termination Payment 

Section 9(a)

Total Payments 

Section 9(b)(i)

2.Termination or Cancellation Prior to Change in Control.

(a)Subject to Section 2(b) and the terms of the Pre-CIC Severance Agreement, the Employer and the Executive shall each retain the right to terminate the employment of the Executive at any time and for any reason (or no reason) prior to a Change in Control of the Company. Subject to Section 2(b), in the event that prior to a Change in Control of the Company (i) the Executives employment is terminated or (ii) as determined in writing by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company in its sole discretion, the Executives authority, powers, functions, duties, responsibilities or pay grade are materially reduced, this Agreement shall be terminated and cancelled and of no further force and effect, and any and all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall cease.

8

(b)Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Executives employment with the Employer is terminated by the Employer (other than a termination due to the Executives death or as a result of the Executives disability (as determined under Section 12) during the period of 180 days prior to the date on which a Change in Control of the Company occurs, and if it is reasonably demonstrated by the Executive that such termination of employment (i) was at the request of a third party who has taken steps reasonably calculated to effect a Change in Control of the Company or (ii) otherwise arose in connection with or in anticipation of a Change in Control of the Company, then for all purposes of this Agreement such termination of employment shall be deemed a Covered Termination, a Notice of Termination shall be deemed to have been given, and the Employment Period shall be deemed to have begun on the date of such termination which shall be deemed to be the Termination Date and the date of the Change of Control of the Company for purposes of this Agreement, and any benefit under this Agreement that is more favorable to the Executive compared with a similar benefit under the Pre-CIC Severance Agreement shall be provided in lieu of such similar benefit under the Pre-CIC Severance Agreement. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Executives authority, powers, functions, duties, responsibilities or pay grade were reduced pursuant to Section 2(a)(ii) during the period of 180 days prior to the date on which the Change in Control of the Company occurs, and if it is reasonably demonstrated by the Executive that such reduction in authority, powers, functions, duties, responsibilities or pay grade (i) was at the request of a third party who has taken steps reasonably calculated to effect a Change in Control of the Company or (ii) otherwise arose in connection with or in anticipation of a Change in Control of the Company, then the termination and cancellation of this Agreement pursuant to Section 2(a) shall be deemed null and void, this Agreement shall be deemed to remain in full force and effect with any and all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder continuing and such reduction in authority, powers, functions, duties, responsibilities or pay grade shall be considered Good Reason for the Executive to terminate employment in connection with a Change in Control of the Company.

3.Employment Period. If a Change in Control of the Company occurs when the Executive is employed by the Employer, then (a) this Agreement will apply in place of the Pre-CIC Severance Agreement, (b) the Employer will continue thereafter to employ the Executive during the Employment Period, and (c) the Executive will remain in the employ of the Employer in accordance with and subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement. Any Termination of Employment during the Employment Period, whether by the Company or the Employer, shall be deemed a termination by the Company for purposes of this Agreement.

4.Duties. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall, in the same capacities and positions held by the Executive at the time of the Change in Control of the Company or in such other capacities and positions as may be agreed to by the Employer and the Executive in writing, devote the Executives best efforts and all of the Executives business time, attention and skill to the business and affairs of the Employer, as such business and affairs now exist and as they may hereafter be conducted.

5.Compensation. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be compensated as follows:

(a)The Executive shall receive, at reasonable intervals (but not less often than monthly) and in accordance with such standard policies as may be in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company, an annual base salary in cash equivalent of not less than twelve times the Executives highest monthly base salary for the twelve-month period immediately preceding the month in which the Change in Control of the Company occurs or, if higher, annual base salary at 

9

the rate in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company (which base salary shall, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Executive or subject to any irrevocable deferral election then in effect, include the current receipt by the Executive of any amounts which, prior to the Change in Control of the Company, the Executive had elected to defer, whether such compensation is deferred under Section 401(k) of the Code or otherwise), subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided in Section 6 (such salary amount as adjusted upward from time to time is hereafter referred to as the Annual Base Salary).

(b)The Executive shall receive fringe benefits at least equal in value to the highest value of such benefits provided for the Executive at any time during the 180-day period immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company or, if more favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time during the Employment Period to any executives of the Employer of comparable status and position to the Executive; and shall be reimbursed, at such intervals and in accordance with such standard policies that are most favorable to the Executive that were in effect at any time during the 180-day period immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company, for any and all monies advanced in connection with the Executives employment for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by the Executive on behalf of the Employer, including travel expenses.

(c)The Executive and/or the Executives family, as the case may be, shall be included, to the extent eligible thereunder (which eligibility shall not be conditioned on the Executives salary grade or on any other requirement which excludes persons of comparable status to the Executive unless such exclusion was in effect for such plan or an equivalent plan at any time during the 180-day period immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company), in any and all plans providing benefits for the Employers salaried employees in general, including but not limited to group life insurance, hospitalization, medical, dental, profit sharing and stock bonus plans; provided, that, (i) in no event shall the aggregate level of benefits under such plans in which the Executive is included be less than the aggregate level of benefits under plans of the Employer of the type referred to in this Section 5(c) in which the Executive was participating at any time during the 180-day period immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company and (ii) in no event shall the aggregate level of benefits under such plans be less than the aggregate level of benefits under plans of the type referred to in this Section 5(c) provided at any time after the Change in Control of the Company to any executive of the Employer of comparable status and position to the Executive.

(d)The Executive shall annually be entitled to not less than the amount of paid vacation and not fewer than the highest number of paid holidays to which the Executive was entitled annually at any time during the 180-day period immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company or such greater amount of paid vacation and number of paid holidays as may be made available annually to other executives of the Employer of comparable status and position to the Executive at any time during the Employment Period.

(e)The Executive shall be included in all plans providing additional benefits to executives of the Employer of comparable status and position to the Executive, including but not limited to short- or long-term cash-based incentive compensation plans (such plan or plans together, the Bonus Plan), deferred compensation plans, supplemental retirement plans, equity awards, and similar or comparable plans; provided, that, unless otherwise provided in clauses (i) or (ii) below, in no event shall the aggregate level of benefits under such plans or awards be less than the higher of (x) the highest aggregate level of benefits under plans of the Employer of the type referred to in this Section 5(e) in which the Executive was participating at any time during the 180-day period immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company and (y) the aggregate levels of benefits under plans of the 

10

type referred to in this Section 5(e) provided at any time after the Change in Control of the Company to any executive of the Employer comparable in status and position to the Executive. 

(i)With respect to the Bonus Plan, the amount of the compensation (the Bonus Amount) that the Executive is eligible to earn under the Bonus Plan if the threshold, target and maximum performance objectives are met shall be no less than the highest threshold, target and maximum amounts, respectively, that Executive was eligible to receive under awards outstanding under the Employers short- or long-term cash-based incentive compensation plan or plans as in effect at any time during the 180-day period immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company; provided that the amount Executive is eligible to earn shall in no event be lower than the amount of short- or long-term cash-based incentive compensation that any executive of the Employer comparable in status and position to the Executive is eligible to earn. Payment of the Bonus Amount, if earned, shall not be affected by the Executives Termination of Employment after the end of the Employment Period.

(ii)With respect to equity awards, the Executive shall annually receive awards under one or more equity-based compensation plan or plans of the Employer. Such annual equity awards shall have a grant date fair value at least equal to the aggregate grant date fair value of the largest equity-based awards granted to the Executive at any time during the one-year period immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company, measured, in each case, as a multiple of the Executives Annual Base Salary; provided that, solely for purposes of determining the grant date fair value of the largest equity-based awards granted to the Executive during such one-year period immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company, any inducement awards or other awards that are intended to be non-recurring shall be disregarded or, to the extent such awards are intended to replace more than one annual award, shall be pro-rated so that only a one-year portion of the award shall be counted; and provided further that the grant date fair value of the equity awards granted to the Executive shall in no event be lower than the grant date fair value of the annual equity-based awards granted to any executive of the Employer comparable in status and position to the Executive.

(iii)To the extent any compensation that the Executive has an opportunity to earn after a Change in Control of the Company is subject to achieving performance objectives, such performance objectives shall be established and communicated in writing to the Executive within the first ninety (90) days of the performance period and shall be reasonably related to the business of the Employer (the Goals). All Goals shall be attainable with approximately the same degree of probability as the most attainable goals under the Employers performance-based compensation plan or plans as in effect at any time during the 180-day period immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company (whether one or more, the Company Incentive Plan) and in view of the Employers existing and projected financial and business circumstances applicable at the time, and shall have a performance period that is no longer than the performance period corresponding to the most analogous type of compensation under the Company Incentive Plan. 

6.Annual Compensation Adjustments. During the Employment Period, the Board of Directors of the Company (or an appropriate committee thereof) will consider and appraise, at least annually, the contributions of the Executive to the Company, and in accordance with the Companys practice prior to the Change in Control of the Company, due consideration shall be given to the upward adjustment of the Executives Annual Base Salary, at least annually, (a) commensurate 

11

with increases generally given to other executives of the Employer of comparable status and position to the Executive, and (b) as the scope of the Companys operations or the Executives duties expand.

7.Termination For Cause or Without Good Reason. If there is a Covered Termination for Cause or due to the Executives voluntarily terminating his or her employment other than for Good Reason (any such terminations to be subject to the procedures set forth in Section 13), then the Executive shall be entitled to receive only Accrued Benefits.

8.Termination Giving Rise to a Termination Payment and Certain Other Benefits. If there is a Covered Termination by the Executive for Good Reason, or by the Company other than by reason of (i) death, (ii) disability pursuant to Section 12, or (iii) Cause (any such terminations to be subject to the procedures set forth in Section 13), then (A) the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Benefits and, in lieu of further base salary for periods following the Termination Date and as liquidated damages and additional severance pay, the Termination Payment pursuant to Section 9(a), (B) all equity-based and cash incentive awards then held by the Executive that were granted prior to the Change in Control of the Company shall be subject to the terms of the equity or incentive plan under which the awards were granted and (C) all equity-based and cash incentive awards then held by the Executive that were granted on or after the Change in Control of the Company shall vest or be earned in full immediately upon such Covered Termination, with the amount or value of any performance-based awards determined based on the deemed achievement of all applicable performance conditions at 100% of target, without pro-ration.

9.Payments Upon Termination.

(a)Termination Payment. The Termination Payment shall be an amount equal to the Annual Cash Compensation times two (2). The Termination Payment shall be paid to the Executive in cash equivalent (i) on the first day of the seventh month following the month in which the Executives Separation from Service occurs, without interest thereon, to the extent necessary for compliance with the requirements of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B) relating to specified employees or (ii) to the extent not so required, within fifteen (15) business days after the Termination Date provided that, in each case, the Executive signs and does not revoke a release of claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A if timely requested by the Company (provided further that, if the time during which the Executive may sign the release prior to payment includes two calendar years, the payment shall be made in the second calendar year). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Executives Termination Date is pursuant to Section 2(b), the Termination Payment shall be paid within ten (10) business days after the date of the Change in Control of the Company (as defined without reference to Section 2(b)), without interest. Such lump sum payment shall not be reduced by any present value or similar factor, and the Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of the Termination Payment by securing other employment or otherwise, nor will such Termination Payment be reduced by reason of the Executive securing other employment or for any other reason, except as provided in subsection (b) below. The Termination Payment shall be in lieu of, and acceptance by the Executive of the Termination Payment shall constitute the Executives release of any rights of the Executive to, any other cash severance payments under any Company severance policy, practice or agreement.

12

(b)280G Provision.

(i)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any portion of the Termination Payment or any other payment or other benefit to the Executive under this Agreement, or under any other agreement with or plan of the Employer or any 409A Affiliate (in the aggregate, Total Payments), would constitute an excess parachute payment (as defined below) and would, but for this Section9(b)(i), result in the imposition on the Executive of an excise tax under Code Section 4999 (the Excise Tax), then the Total Payments to be made to the Executive shall either be (A) delivered in full, or (B) delivered in a reduced amount that is One Dollar ($1.00) less than the amount that would cause any portion of such Total Payments to be subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing results in the receipt by the Executive of the greatest benefit on an after-tax basis (taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax). 

(ii)Within forty (40) days following the Executives Termination of Employment or notice by one party to the other of its belief that there is a payment or benefit due the Executive that will result in an excess parachute payment, the Executive and the Company, at the Companys expense, shall obtain the opinion (which need not be unqualified) of nationally recognized tax counsel (National Tax Counsel) selected by the Companys independent auditors and reasonably acceptable to the Executive (which may be regular outside counsel to the Company), which opinion sets forth (A) the amount of the Base Period Income (as defined below), (B) the amount and present value of Total Payments, (C) the amount and present value of any excess parachute payments determined without regard to any reduction of Total Payments pursuant to Section 9(b)(i), and (D) the net after-tax proceeds to the Executive, taking into account the tax imposed under Code Section 4999 if (1) the Total Payments were reduced in accordance with Section 9(b)(i)(B), or (2) the Total Payments were not so reduced. The opinion of National Tax Counsel shall be addressed to the Company and the Executive and shall be binding upon the Company and the Executive. If such National Tax Counsel opinion determines that clause (B) of Section 9(b)(i) applies, then the payments hereunder or any other payment or benefit determined by such counsel to be includable in Total Payments shall be reduced or eliminated so that under the bases of calculations set forth in such opinion there will be no excess parachute payment. In such event, payments or benefits included in the Total Payments shall be reduced or eliminated by applying the following principles, in order: (x) the payment or benefit with the higher ratio of the parachute payment value to present economic value (determined using reasonable actuarial assumptions) shall be reduced or eliminated before a payment or benefit with a lower ratio; (y) the payment or benefit with the later possible payment date shall be reduced or eliminated before a payment or benefit with an earlier payment date; and (z) cash payments shall be reduced prior to non-cash benefits; provided that if the foregoing order of reduction or elimination would violate Code Section 409A, then the reduction shall be made pro rata among the payments or benefits included in the Total Payments (on the basis of the relative present value of the parachute payments). 

(iii)For purposes of this Agreement, (A) the terms excess parachute payment and parachute payments shall have the meanings assigned to them in Section 280G of the Code and such parachute payments shall be valued as provided therein, (B) present value for purposes of this Agreement shall be calculated in accordance with Section 1274(b)(2) of the Code, (C) the term Base Period Income means an amount equal to the Executives annualized includable compensation for the base period as defined in Section 280G(d)(1) of the Code, (D) for purposes of the National Tax Counsel opinion, the value of any noncash 

13

benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by the Companys independent auditors in accordance with the principles of Section 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code, which determination shall be evidenced in a certificate of such auditors addressed to the Company and the Executive, and (E) the Executive shall be deemed to pay federal income tax and employment taxes at the highest marginal rate of federal income and employment taxation, and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the state or locality of the Executives domicile (determined in both cases in the calendar year in which the Covered Termination occurs or notice described in Section 9(b)(ii) is given, whichever is earlier), net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes that may be obtained from the deduction of such state and local taxes. If the National Tax Counsel so requests in connection with the opinion required by this Section 9(b), the Executive and the Company shall obtain, at the Companys expense, and the National Tax Counsel may rely on, the advice of a firm of recognized executive compensation consultants as to the reasonableness of any item of compensation to be received by the Executive solely with respect to its status under Section 280G of the Code and the regulations thereunder. 

(iv)The Company agrees to bear all costs associated with, and to indemnify and hold harmless, the National Tax Counsel of and from any and all claims, damages, and expenses resulting from or relating to its determinations pursuant to this Section 9(b), except for claims, damages or expenses resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such firm.

(v)This Section 9(b) shall be amended to comply with any amendment or successor provision to Sections 280G or 4999 of the Code. If such provisions are repealed without successor, then this Section 9(b) shall be cancelled without further effect.

(c)Additional Benefits. If there is a Covered Termination and the Executive is entitled to Accrued Benefits and the Termination Payment, then the Company shall provide to the Executive the following additional benefits:

(i)The Executive shall receive until the end of the second calendar year following the calendar year in which the Executives Separation from Service occurs, at the expense of the Company, outplacement services, on an individualized basis at a level of service commensurate with the Executives status with the Company immediately prior to the date of the Change in Control of the Company (or, if higher, immediately prior to the Executives Termination of Employment), provided by a nationally recognized executive placement firm selected by the Company; provided that the cost to the Company of such services shall not exceed 10% of the Executives Annual Base Salary.

(ii)Until the earlier of twenty-four (24) months following the Executives Separation from Service or such time as the Executive has obtained new employment and is covered by benefits which in the aggregate are at least equal in value to the following benefits, the Executive shall continue to be covered, at the expense of the Company, by the same or equivalent life insurance, hospitalization, medical and dental coverage as was required hereunder with respect to the Executive immediately prior to the date the Notice of Termination is given, subject to the following:

(A)Following the end of the COBRA continuation period, if such hospitalization, medical or dental coverage is provided under a health plan that is 

14

subject to Section 105(h) of the Code, benefits payable under such health plan shall comply with the requirements of Treasury regulation section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) and, if necessary, the Company shall amend such health plan to comply therewith. If the Executive is entitled to the Termination Payment pursuant to Section 2(b), then within ten (10) days following the Change in Control of the Company (determined without regard to Section 2(b)), the Company shall reimburse the Executive for any COBRA premiums the Executive paid for his or her hospitalization, medical and dental coverage under COBRA from the Executives Termination Date through the date of the Change in Control of the Company (determined without regard to Section 2(b)).

(B)To the extent required to comply with Code Section 409A, during the first six months following the Executives Separation from Service, the Executive shall pay the Company for any life insurance coverage that provides a benefit in excess of $50,000 under a group term life insurance policy. After the end of such six month period, the Company shall make a cash equivalent payment to the Executive equal to the aggregate premiums paid by the Executive for such coverage, and thereafter such coverage shall be provided at the expense of the Company for the remainder of the period as set forth above; provided that this clause (B) shall cease to apply if on the date of the Executives Separation from Service, neither the Company nor any other entity that is considered a service recipient with respect to the Executive within the meaning of Code Section 409A has any stock which is publicly traded on an established securities market (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.897-1(m)) or otherwise.

10.Death.

(a)Except as provided in Section 10(b), in the event of a Covered Termination due to the Executives death, the Executives estate, heirs and beneficiaries shall receive all the Executives Accrued Benefits through the Termination Date.

(b)In the event the Executive dies after a Notice of Termination is given (i) by the Company or (ii) by the Executive for Good Reason, the Executives estate, heirs and beneficiaries shall be entitled to the benefits described in Section 10(a) and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, to such Termination Payment as the Executive would have been entitled to had the Executive lived, except that the Termination Payment shall be paid within 90 days following the date of the Executives death, without interest thereon. For purposes of this Section 10(b), the Termination Date shall be the earlier of 30 days following the giving of the Notice of Termination, subject to extension pursuant to Section 1(q), or one day prior to the end of the Employment Period.

11.Retirement. If, during the Employment Period, the Executive and the Employer shall execute an agreement providing for the early retirement of the Executive from the Employer, or the Executive shall otherwise give notice that he is voluntarily choosing to retire early from the Employer, the Executive shall receive Accrued Benefits through the Termination Date; provided, that if the Executives employment is terminated by the Executive for Good Reason or by the Company other than by reason of death, disability or Cause and the Executive also, in connection with such termination, elects voluntary early retirement, the Executive shall also be entitled to receive a Termination Payment pursuant to Section 9.

15

12.Termination for Disability. If, during the Employment Period, as a result of the Executives disability due to physical or mental illness or injury (regardless of whether such illness or injury is job-related), the Executive shall have been absent from the Executives duties hereunder on a full-time basis for a period of six consecutive months and, within 30 days after the Company notifies the Executive in writing that it intends to terminate the Executives employment (which notice shall not constitute the Notice of Termination contemplated below), the Executive shall not have returned to the performance of the Executives duties hereunder on a full-time basis, the Company may terminate the Executives employment for purposes of this Agreement pursuant to a Notice of Termination given in accordance with Section 13. If the Executives employment is terminated on account of the Executives disability in accordance with this Section, the Executive shall receive Accrued Benefits through the Termination Date and shall remain eligible for all benefits provided by any long term disability programs of the Employer in effect at the time of such termination.

13.Termination Notice and Procedure. Any Covered Termination by the Company or the Executive (other than a termination of the Executives employment that is a Covered Termination by virtue of Section 2(b)) shall be communicated by a written notice of termination (Notice of Termination) to the Executive, if such Notice is given by the Company, and to the Company, if such Notice is given by the Executive, all in accordance with the following procedures and those set forth in Section 24:

(a)If such termination is for disability, Cause or Good Reason, the Notice of Termination shall indicate in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances alleged to provide a basis for such termination.

(b)Any Notice of Termination by the Company shall have been approved, prior to the giving thereof to the Executive, by a resolution duly adopted by a majority of the directors of the Company (or any successor corporation) then in office.

(c)If the Notice is given by the Executive for Good Reason, the Executive may cease performing his or her duties hereunder on or after the date fifteen (15) days after the delivery of Notice of Termination and shall in any event cease employment on the Termination Date. If the Notice is given by the Company, then the Executive may cease performing his or her duties hereunder on the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination, subject to the Executives rights hereunder.

(d)The Executive shall have thirty (30) days, or such longer period as the Company may determine to be appropriate, to cure any conduct or act, if curable, alleged to provide grounds for termination of the Executives employment for Cause under this Agreement pursuant to Section 1(g)(iii).

(e)The recipient of any Notice of Termination shall personally deliver or mail in accordance with Section 24 written notice of any dispute relating to such Notice of Termination to the party giving such Notice within 15 days after receipt thereof; provided, however, that if the Executives conduct or act alleged to provide grounds for termination by the Company for Cause is curable, then such period shall be 30 days. After the expiration of such period, the contents of the Notice of Termination shall become final and not subject to dispute.

14.Further Obligations of the Executive; Trade Secrets.

16

(a)Non-Solicitation. The Executive acknowledges that the relationships and goodwill that he develops with Company Customers as a result of his or her employment belong to the Company and that using such relationships and goodwill against the interests of the Company would be unfair. The Executive further acknowledges that because those relationships and goodwill are based on personal trust, the Company will need an opportunity, free from interference by the Executive, to secure the relationships and goodwill for itself after Executives employment ends. The Executive therefore agrees that while employed by the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months after the Executives employment with the Company ends, for whatever reason, the Executive will not, and will not assist anyone else to, (i) solicit or encourage any Company Customer to terminate or diminish its relationship with the Company relating to Competitive Services or Competitive Products; or (ii) seek to persuade any Company Customer to conduct with anyone other than the Company any business or activity relating to Competitive Services or Competitive Products that such Company Customer conducts or could conduct with the Company. 

(b)Non-Competition. The Executive agrees that while employed by the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months after the Executives employment with the Company ends for any reason, the Executive will not, on the Executives own behalf, or on behalf of any other person or entity, directly or indirectly, provide services to a Direct Competitor in a role where the Executives knowledge of Confidential Information is likely to affect the Executives decisions or actions for the Direct Competitor, to the detriment of the Company.

(c)Non-Interference. Executive agrees that during his or her employment with the Company, and for a period of twelve (12) months from the termination of employment with the Company for any reason whatsoever, Executive shall not, either personally or in conjunction with others either (i) solicit, interfere with, or endeavor to cause any Restricted Employee of the Company to leave his or her employment in order to work for a Direct Competitor, or (ii) otherwise induce or attempt to induce any such Restricted Employee to terminate employment with the Company in order to work for a Director Competitor. A Restricted Employee is an employee of the Company with whom the Executive has a managing or reporting relationship, which could be exploited by the Executive to persuade the Restricted Employee to leave his or her employment with the Company, and whom has special knowledge and/or information (including access to Confidential Information) that could cause the Company damage/harm if he or she went to work for a Direct Competitor. Nothing in this Section 14(c) is meant to prohibit an employee of the Company that is not a party to this Agreement from becoming employed by another organization or person.

(d)Confidentiality.

(i)In the course of his or her employment with the Company, the Executive may be making use of, acquiring, or adding to the Companys Confidential Information. In addition, the Executives work for the Company requires Executive be provided access to valuable Confidential Information. The Confidential Information to which the Executive will have access is valuable to the Company and/or its customers and business partners and each party takes steps to maintain the secrecy and confidential nature of these matters, including the regular use of computer passwords, locks and other security measures, and requires employees with access to this information to execute agreements similar to this Agreement where possible. The Executive acknowledges that the Company will not provide him or her (on a going forward basis) with access to the Confidential Information unless Employee executes this Agreement.

17

(ii)Executive makes the following promises regarding Confidential Information. Nothing in the following promises is intended to restrict Executives opportunities for employment. The promises in this Section 14(d) are made to ensure that the Executive does not use Confidential Information except for the Companys benefit.

(A)The Executive promises to protect and maintain the confidentiality of Confidential Information while employed by the Company. The Executive will follow all Company policies and procedures for the protection and security of this information. The Executive will also immediately report to management any potential or actual security breach or loss.

(B)The Executive agrees to return (and not retain) any and all materials reflecting Confidential Information that he or she may possess (including all Company-owned equipment) immediately upon end of employment or upon demand by the Company. 

(C)The Executive agrees to not use or disclose, except as necessary for the performance of his or her services on behalf of the Company or as required by law or legal process, any Confidential Information where such use or disclosure would be detrimental to the interests of the Company. This promise applies only for so long as such Confidential Information remains confidential and not generally known to, and not readily ascertainable through proper means by, the Companys competitors, or two years following the end of Executives employment with the Company, whichever occurs first. Because the Company has significant sales throughout the World, and because Confidential Information is generally very portable and transferable without geographic borders or constraints, this prohibition applies throughout the World.

(iii)If the Executive is requested or required to provide Confidential Information in a legal proceeding other than a government investigation or government legal action, the Executive will promptly notify the Company of the request so that the Company may either seek an appropriate protective order or waive the Executives obligations under this Agreement. However, nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Executive from reporting a possible violation of federal, state, or local law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Congress, or any agency (including but not limited to the National Labor Relations Board or the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission) or Inspector General, or making other disclosures that are protected under any whistleblower provision of federal, state, or local law or regulation. The Executive does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures and Executive is not required to notify the Company that he or she made such reports or disclosures. Further, nothing in this Agreement is intended to preclude the Executive from discussing or disclosing any concerns relative to sexual harassment or assault. To the extent the Executive is covered by the National Labor Relations Act, nothing in this Agreement is intended (nor does it) prevent him from discussing applicable terms and conditions of employment, such as compensation and benefits.

(e)Non-Disparagement. The Executive and the Company agree that they will not make any disparaging or derogatory remarks or statements about the other party to this Agreement in any public forum; provided that either party to this Agreement may give non-malicious and truthful testimony about the other party if properly subpoenaed.

18

(f)Trade Secrets/Defend Trade Secrets Act. Nothing in this Agreement diminishes or limits any protection granted by law to trade secrets or relieves the Executive of any duty not to disclose, use, or misappropriate any information that is a trade secret, for as long as such information remains a trade secret. Additionally, nothing in this Agreement is intended to discourage the Executive from reporting any theft of trade secrets to the appropriate government official pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (DTSA) or other applicable state or federal law. Additionally, under the DTSA, a trade secret may be disclosed to report a suspected violation of law and/or in an anti-retaliation lawsuit, as follows: 

(i)An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (A) is made (1) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 

(ii)An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual: (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit, curtail or diminish the Companys statutory rights under the DTSA, any applicable state law regarding trade secrets or common law.

15.Expenses and Interest. If, after a Change in Control of the Company, (a) a dispute arises with respect to the enforcement of the Executives rights under this Agreement or (b) any legal or arbitration proceeding shall be brought to enforce or interpret any provision contained herein or to recover damages for breach hereof, in either case so long as the Executive is not acting in bad faith, then the Company shall reimburse the Executive for any reasonable attorneys fees and necessary costs and disbursements incurred as a result of the dispute, legal or arbitration proceeding (Expenses), and prejudgment interest on any money judgment or arbitration award obtained by the Executive calculated at the rate of interest announced by U.S. Bank National Association, Minneapolis, Minnesota, from time to time at its prime or base lending rate from the date that payments to him or her should have been made under this Agreement. Within ten days after the Executives written request therefore (but in no event later than the end of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such Expense is incurred), the Company shall reimburse the Executive, or such other person or entity as the Executive may designate in writing to the Company, the Executives reasonable Expenses.

16.Payment Obligations Absolute. The Companys obligation during and after the Employment Period to pay the Executive the amounts and to make the benefit and other arrangements provided herein shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstances, including, without limitation, any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which the Company may have against him or her or anyone else. Except as provided in Section 15, all amounts payable by the Company hereunder shall be paid without notice or demand. Each and every payment made hereunder by the Company shall be final, and the Company will not seek to recover all or any part of such payment from the Executive, or from whomsoever may be entitled thereto, for any reason whatsoever.

17.Successors.

19

(a)If the Company sells, assigns or transfers all or substantially all of its business and assets to any Person or if the Company merges into or consolidates or otherwise combines (where the Company does not survive such combination) with any Person (any such event, a Sale of Business), then the Company shall assign all of its right, title and interest in this Agreement as of the date of such event to such Person, and the Company shall cause such Person, by written agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Executive, to expressly assume and agree to perform from and after the date of such assignment all of the terms, conditions and provisions imposed by this Agreement upon the Company. Failure of the Company to obtain such written agreement prior to the effective date of such Sale of Business shall be a breach of this Agreement constituting Good Reason hereunder, except that for purposes of implementing the foregoing the date upon which such Sale of Business becomes effective shall be deemed the Termination Date. In case of such assignment by the Company and of assumption and agreement by such Person, as used in this Agreement, Company shall thereafter mean such Person which executes and delivers the agreement provided for in this Section 17 or which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by operation of law, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, such Person. The Executive shall, in his or her discretion, be entitled to proceed against any or all of such Persons, any Person which theretofore was such a successor to the Company and the Company (as so defined) in any action to enforce any rights of the Executive hereunder. Except as provided in this Section 17(a), this Agreement shall not be assignable by the Company. This Agreement shall not be terminated by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of the Company.

(b)This Agreement and all rights of the Executive shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executives personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs and beneficiaries. All amounts payable to the Executive under Sections 3, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 and 15 if the Executive had lived shall be paid, in the event of the Executives death, to the Executives estate, heirs and representatives; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not be construed to modify any terms of any benefit plan of the Employer, as such terms are in effect on the date of the Change in Control of the Company, that expressly govern benefits under such plan in the event of the Executives death.

18.Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be regarded as divisible, and if any of said provisions or any part hereof are declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the validity and enforceability of the remainder of such provisions or parts hereof and the applicability thereof shall not be affected thereby.

19.Contents of Agreement; Waiver of Rights; Amendment. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall supersede in all respects, and the Executive hereby waives all rights under, any prior or other agreement or understanding between the parties with respect to such subject matter, including, but not limited to any Change in Control Employment and Severance Agreement between the Company and the Executive entered into prior to the date hereof; provided that this Agreement shall not supersede the Pre-CIC Severance Agreement with respect to a termination of the Executives employment prior to a Change in Control of the Company. This Agreement may not be amended or modified at any time except by written instrument executed by the Company and the Executive.

20.Withholding. The Company shall be entitled to withhold from amounts to be paid to the Executive hereunder any federal, state or local withholding or other taxes or charges which it is from time to time required to withhold; provided, that the amount so withheld shall not exceed the minimum amount required to be withheld by law. In addition, if prior to the date of payment of the 

20

Termination Payment hereunder, the Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) tax imposed under Sections 3101, 3121(a) and 3121(v)(2), where applicable, becomes due with respect to any payment or benefit to be provided hereunder, the Employer may provide for an immediate payment of the amount needed to pay the Executives portion of such tax (plus an amount equal to the taxes that will be due on such amount) and the Executives Termination Payment shall be reduced accordingly. The Employer shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of the National Tax Counsel if any question as to the amount or requirement of any such withholding shall arise.

21.Certain Rules of Construction. No party shall be considered as being responsible for the drafting of this Agreement for the purpose of applying any rule construing ambiguities against the drafter or otherwise. No draft of this Agreement shall be taken into account in construing this Agreement. Any provision of this Agreement which requires an agreement in writing shall be deemed to require that the writing in question be signed by the Executive and an authorized representative of the Company.

22.Governing Law; Resolution of Disputes. This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Wisconsin, without reference to the conflict of law principles thereof. Any dispute arising out of this Agreement shall, at the Executives election, be determined by arbitration under the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect (in which case both parties shall be bound by the arbitration award) or by litigation. Whether the dispute is to be settled by arbitration or litigation, the venue for the arbitration or litigation shall be Milwaukee, Wisconsin or, at the Executives election, if the Executive is not then residing or working in the Mayville, Wisconsin or Milwaukee, Wisconsin area, in the judicial district encompassing the city in which the Executive resides; provided, that, if the Executive is not then residing in the United States, the election of the Executive with respect to such venue shall be either Milwaukee, Wisconsin or in the judicial district encompassing that city in the United States among the thirty cities having the largest population (as determined by the most recent United States Census data available at the Termination Date) which is closest to the Executives residence. The parties consent to personal jurisdiction in each trial court in the selected venue having subject matter jurisdiction notwithstanding their residence or situs, and each party irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided hereunder for the giving of notices. 

23.Additional Section 409A Provisions. (a) If, after the date of a Change in Control of the Company, any payment amount or the value of any benefit under this Agreement is required to be included in the Executives income prior to the date such amount is actually paid or the benefit provided as a result of the failure of this Agreement (or any other arrangement that is required to be aggregated with this Agreement under Code Section 409A) to comply with Code Section 409A, then the Executive shall receive a distribution, in a lump sum, within 90 days after the date it is finally determined that the Agreement (or such other arrangement that is required to be aggregated with this Agreement) fails to meet the requirements of Section 409A of the Code; such distribution shall equal the amount required to be included in the Executives income as a result of such failure and shall reduce the amount of payments or benefits otherwise due hereunder. 

(b)The Company and the Executive intend the terms of this Agreement to be in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. The Company does not guarantee the tax treatment or tax consequences associated with any payment or benefit, including but not limited to consequences related to Section 409A of the Code. To the maximum extent permissible, any ambiguous terms of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner that avoids a violation of Section 409A of the Code.

21

(c)If the Executive believes he or she is entitled to a payment or benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement that was not timely paid or provided, and such payment or benefit is considered deferred compensation subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, the Executive acknowledges that to avoid an additional tax on such payment or benefit pursuant to the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, the Executive must make a reasonable, good faith effort to collect such payment or benefit no later than 90 days after the latest date upon which the payment could have been timely made or benefit timely provided without violating Section 409A of the Code, and if not paid or provided, must take further enforcement measures within 180 days after such latest date.

24.Notice. Notices given pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and, except as otherwise provided by Section 13(c), shall be deemed given when actually received by the Executive or actually received by the Companys Secretary or any officer of the Company other than the Executive. If mailed, such notices shall be mailed by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, addressee only, postage prepaid, if to the Company, to Mayville Engineering Company, Inc., Attention: Corporate Secretary (or Chief Executive Officer, if the Executive is then Corporate Secretary), 715 South Street, Mayville, Wisconsin 53050, or if to the Executive, at the address in the Companys records, or to such other address as the party to be notified shall have theretofore given to the other party in writing.

25.No Waiver. No waiver by either party at any time of any breach by the other party of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same time or any prior or subsequent time.

26.Headings. The headings herein contained are for reference only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

MAYVILLE ENGINEERING COMPANY, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Its: 

EXECUTIVE:

Name: 

Address: 

22

Exhibit A

RELEASE 

27.In exchange for the promises and payments provided for in the Change in Control Employment and Severance Agreement (the Agreement) effective as _______ ___, 20__ between Mayville Engineering Company, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation (the Company), and Craig Nichols (the Executive), the Executive hereby releases and forever discharges the Released Parties (defined below) from any and all claims, demands, rights, liabilities and causes of action of any kind or nature, known or unknown, arising prior to or through the date the Executive executes this Release, including, but not limited to, any claims, demands, rights, liabilities and causes of action arising or having arisen out of or in connection with the Executives employment or termination of employment with the Company. Released Parties includes the Company, its parent companies, subsidiaries, related and affiliated companies, and its and their past and present employees, directors, officers, agents, shareholders, insurers, attorneys, executors, assigns and other representatives of any kind. The Executive also releases and waives any claim or right to further compensation, benefits, damages, penalties, attorneys fees, costs or expenses of any kind from the Company or any of the other Released Parties except as provided in the Agreement or this Release. This Release specifically includes, but is not limited to, a release of any and all claims pursuant to state and local fair employment law(s); Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; the Reconstruction Era Civil Rights Acts, 42 U.S.C. 1981-1988; the Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA); the Americans with Disabilities Act; state and federal family and/or medical leave acts; state and federal wage payment laws to the extent such claims can legally be waived; and any other federal, state or local laws or regulations of any kind, whether statutory or decisional. This Release also includes, but is not limited to, a release of any claims for wrongful termination, retaliation, tort, breach of contract, defamation, misrepresentation, violation of public policy or invasion of privacy. This Release does not apply to (a) any claims or rights the Executive may have with respect to unpaid salary and accrued but unused vacation through the date of the Executives separation, (b) any claims or rights the Executive may have for unreimbursed business expenses incurred prior to the date of the Executives separation, (c) any claims or rights the Executive may have with respect to vested benefits under any employee benefit plans or with respect to severance or other benefits to be provided in the future under the Agreement, (d) any claims or rights the Executive may have for indemnification with respect to any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, actions or expenses (including attorneys fees) asserted against or incurred by the Executive as a result of the Executives service as an employee, officer or director of the Company, (e) any claims or rights the Executive may have as a shareholder or owner of any stock or other equity interest in the Company, (f) claims that may arise after the date the Executive signs this Release or (g) any claim that may not be released under applicable law. 

1.The Executive states that the Executive has not filed or joined in any complaints, lawsuits, or proceedings of any kind against the Company or any of the other Released Parties, and the Executive promises never to file, pursue, participate in, or join in any lawsuits or proceedings asserting any claims that are released in this Release. However, nothing in this Release prevents the Executive from (a) challenging the enforceability of this Release under the ADEA; or (b) filing a charge with the EEOC or otherwise cooperating with the EEOC; however, this Release does prohibit the Executive from obtaining any personal or monetary relief from the Released Parties based upon such cooperation or charge, whether filed by the Executive or anyone else on behalf of the Executive.

2.The Executive agrees and understands that this Release does not supersede any confidentiality or noncompete agreements or obligations to which the Executive was subject while employed by the Company or reduce the Executives obligations to comply with applicable laws relating to trade secrets, confidential information or unfair competition. 

3.The Executive hereby acknowledges that the benefits provided in the Agreement are greater than those to which the Executive is entitled by any contract, employment policy, or otherwise. The Executive has up to twenty-one (21) days to consider whether to accept this Release and the Executive enters into it voluntarily. The Executive may revoke this Release, in writing, within seven (7) days after signing it, and this Release will not become enforceable or effective until the revocation period has expired. The Company advises the Executive to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Release.

4.Neither the Companys signing of this Release nor any actions taken by the Company toward compliance with the terms of this Release or the Agreement constitute an admission by the Company that it has acted improperly or unlawfully with regard to the Executive or that it has violated any state or federal law.

5.If any portion of this Release is found to be unenforceable, the parties desire that all other portions that can be separated from it, or appropriately limited in scope, shall remain fully valid and enforceable. The Executive enters into this Release knowingly and voluntarily and without any coercion.

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY:

EXECUTIVE:

_________________________________Date: ______________

24
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tmb-20250310xex99.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99

MAYVILLE ENGINEERING COMPANY 

ANNOUNCES APPOINTMENT OF CRAIG NICHOLS AS SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, OPERATIONS AND SUPPLY CHAIN

MILWAUKEE, Wis., March 10, 2025 -- Mayville Engineering Company (NYSE: MEC) (the Company or MEC), a leading value-added provider of design, prototyping and manufacturing solutions serving diverse end-markets, today announced the appointment of Craig Nichols as Senior Vice President Operations and Supply Chain effective March 10, 2025, reporting directly to President and Chief Executive Officer, Jag Reddy.

Mr. Nichols brings to MEC more than three decades of operations, supply chain management, and manufacturing expertise. Throughout his career, Mr. Nichols has successfully led the implementation of continuous improvement initiatives across multi-site global manufacturing organizations.

I am excited to welcome Craig to the executive leadership team at MEC, said Jag Reddy, President and CEO. His extensive experience in leading operations excellence and implementing continuous improvement initiatives across global manufacturing organizations will be an invaluable asset to MEC. This aligns well with the strategic focus outlined in our MBX value-creation framework. We look forward to utilizing his expertise to optimize our business for long-term, profitable growth.

I am honored to join MEC as we enter this next chapter of a multi-year business transformation journey, stated Craig Nichols, incoming Senior Vice President, Operations and Supply Chain. The MBX framework represents a comprehensive structure for operational excellence, one that I am looking forward to building upon in the years ahead as we continue to scale the business, while further optimizing our systems, processes and domestic manufacturing base.

ABOUT CRAIG NICHOLS

Over the last three decades, Mr. Nichols has served in a variety of leadership roles in leading global manufacturing organizations, where he has global operations and advanced manufacturing. Most recently, Mr. Nichols served as the Vice President of Drive System Operations at Dana Incorporated, a global leader in design and manufacturing of energy-efficient propulsion systems for vehicles and machinery. Previously, Mr. Nichols served in multiple leadership roles at Dana Incorporated, including Senior Director, Off Highway Global Manufacturing Strategy and Senior Director, Global Aftermarket Distribution Operations. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President of Global Manufacturing at Jason Industries. He started his career with Hi-Lex Corporation, where he was responsible for design, procurement and installation of secondary equipment across multiple assembly lines and then led multiple operations at Lear Corporation. Mr. Nichols has a Bachelors Degree in Business Management from Davenport University.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This press release includes forward-looking statements that reflect plans, estimates and beliefs. Such statements involve risk and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements include, among others, the risk factors described in our reports filed or expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange 

Commission. Any forward-looking statement or statement of belief speaks only as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date on which any such statement is made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by federal securities laws.

ABOUT MAYVILLE ENGINEERING COMPANY

Founded in 1945, MEC is a leading U.S. based, vertically integrated, value-added manufacturing partner providing a full suite of manufacturing solutions from concept to production, including design, prototyping and tooling, fabrication, aluminum extrusion, coating, assembly and aftermarket components. Our customers operate in diverse end markets, including heavy- and medium-duty commercial vehicles, construction & access equipment, powersports, agriculture, military, and other end markets. Along with process engineering and development services, MEC maintains an extensive manufacturing infrastructure with 23 facilities, of which 22 are in use, across seven states. These facilities make it possible to offer conventional and CNC (computer numerical control) stamping, shearing, fiber laser cutting, forming, drilling, tapping, grinding, tube bending, machining, welding, assembly, and logistic services. MEC also possesses a broad range of finishing capabilities including shot blasting, e-coating, powder coating, wet spray and military grade chemical agent resistant coating (CARC) painting. For more information, please visit www.mecinc.com.

IR CONTACT 

Noel Ryan or Stefan Neely 

(615) 844-6248

MEC@val-adv.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tmb-20250310xex99001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tmb-20250310xex99002.gif
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tmb-20250310.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.SCH
<TEXT>
00090 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tmb-20250310_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.LAB
<TEXT>
Document and Entity Information [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tmb-20250310_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.PRE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 10, 2025

Document and Entity Information [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001766368

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 10, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Mayville Engineering Company, Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code WI

Entity File Number 001-38894

Entity Tax Identification Number 39-0944729

Entity Address, Address Line One 135 S. 84th Street, Suite 300

Entity Address, City or Town Milwaukee

Entity Address State Or Province WI

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 53214

City Area Code 414

Local Phone Number 381-2860

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, no par value

Trading Symbol MEC

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00090 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.mecinc.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tmb-20250310.xsd 
tmb-20250310_lab.xml 
tmb-20250310_pre.xml 
tmb-20250310x8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001558370-25-002609-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tmb-20250310x8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001766368 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

0001766368 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-10 
Mayville Engineering Company, Inc. 
WI 
001-38894 
39-0944729 
135 S. 84th Street, Suite 300 
Milwaukee 
WI 
53214 
414 
381-2860 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, no par value 
MEC 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>