<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-25-002132.txt : 20250325
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-25-002132.hdr.sgml : 20250325
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250325160144
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-25-002132
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250320
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250325

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Damon Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002000640
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTORCYCLES, BICYCLES & PARTS [3751]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42190
		FILM NUMBER:		25768212

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		704 ALEXANDER STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6A 1E3
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4087022167

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		704 ALEXANDER STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6A 1E3

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Grafiti Holding Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20231109
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0235406-8k_damon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0002000640A100-000000000020006402025-03-202025-03-20iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

United
States

Securities
and Exchange Commission

Washington,
D. C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 20, 2025

DAMON
INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

British Columbia 001-42190 N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

704 Alexander Street

Vancouver. BC V6A 1E3

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (408) 702-2167

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common Shares DMN The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On March 20, 2025, Damon Inc., a British
Columbia corporation (the Company), entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement)
with Maxim Group LLC, as the sole underwriter (the Underwriter) for the sale and issuance (the Offering)
of (i) 126,900,000 units (each a Unit and collectively, the Units) at a public offering price of $0.130
per Unit, with each Unit consisting of (A) one common share of the Company, no par value per share (each a Common
Share and collectively, the Common Shares) and (B) one Series A Warrant (each a Series A Warrant
and collectively, the Series A Warrants) to purchase one Common Share for cash or otherwise acquire such greater
number of Common Shares as determined in accordance with the provisions of the Series A Warrant upon an alternate cashless exercise
option and (ii) warrants to purchase 6,345,000 Common Shares to the Underwriter (each a Underwriters
Warrant and collectively, the Underwriters Warrants) for cash or
otherwise acquire such greater number of Common Shares as determined in accordance with the provisions of the Underwriters
Warrant upon an alternate cashless exercise option. The Underwriters Warrants are identical to the Series A Warrants except that the Underwriters Warrants are subject to a
180-day lock-up pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA.

Each Series A Warrant is exercisable at an initial
exercise price of $0.195 per share (150% of the public offering price per Unit). The Series A Warrants will be exercisable from issuance
and will expire two and one-half (2.5) years after issuance. Additionally, under the alternate cashless exercise option of the Series
A Warrants, during the period of 90 calendar days following the issue date of the Series A Warrants, a holder of the Series A Warrant
has the right to receive, without payment of any additional cash to the Company, an aggregate number of shares equal to the product of
(x) the aggregate number of Common Shares that would be issuable upon a cash exercise of the Series A Warrant and (y) two and a half (2.5).
Accordingly, the Company believes it is highly unlikely that a holder of the Series A Warrants would pay an exercise price in cash to
receive one Common Share when the holder could instead choose the alternate cashless exercise option and pay no cash to receive 2.5 Common
Shares. As a result, the Company will likely not receive any additional funds and do not expect to receive any additional funds upon the
exercise of the Series A Warrants.

In addition, at 4:01 p.m. Eastern time on the
7th trading day after the date of issuance (the First Reset Date), the exercise price of the Series A Warrants will be reset
to a price equal to the lower of (i) the exercise price then in effect and (ii) the greater of (a) 80% of lowest daily volume weighted
average price (VWAP) during the period beginning on the 5th trading day after the date of issuance and ending on the First
Reset Date, and (b) 40% of most recent Nasdaq Official Close Price preceding execution of the Underwriting Agreement; and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise will be increased such that the aggregate exercise price of the Series A Warrants on the issuance date for
the Common Shares underlying the Series A Warrants then outstanding shall remain unchanged. Subsequently, at 4:01 p.m. Eastern time on
the 15th trading day after the date of issuance (the Second Reset Date), the exercise price of the Series A Warrants will
be reset to a price equal to the lower of (i) the exercise price then in effect and (ii) the greater of (a) 80% of lowest VWAP during
the period beginning on the 13th trading day after the date of issuance and ending on the Second Reset Date, and (b) 20% of the most recent
Nasdaq Official Close Price preceding execution of the Underwriting Agreement; and the number of shares issuable upon exercise will be
increased such that the aggregate exercise price of the Series A Warrants on the issuance date for the Common Shares underlying the Series
A Warrants then outstanding shall remain unchanged. Any reduction to the exercise price of the Series A Warrants and resulting increase
in the Common Shares underlying the Series A Warrants will be subject to a floor price. The floor price has been set at $0.0251, which
is equal to 20% of the most recent Nasdaq Official Closing Price of the Common Shares prior to the execution of the Underwriting Agreement.

Under the Underwriting Agreement, the Company
granted the Underwriter an option to purchase from the Company up to an additional 19,035,000 Common Shares at a price of $0.129 per share
and/or 19,035,000 Series A Warrants to purchase Common Shares at a price of $0.001 per warrant (the Overallotment Option).
The Underwriter may exercise this option in whole or in part at any time within forty-five calendar days after the date of the final prospectus
relating to the Offering. On March 21, 2025, the Underwriter partially exercised its Overallotment Option with respect to 19,035,000
Series A Warrants.

Maxim Group LLC served as the sole
book-running manager in the offering, pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, and received a cash fee of six and a half
percent (6.5%) of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Offering as underwriting discounts and commissions. The Company paid the Underwriters out-of-pocket accountable expenses, actually incurred, including the Underwriters legal fees,
up to a maximum amount of $100,000.

1

The foregoing summary of the terms of the
Series A Warrant, the Underwriters Warrant and the Underwriting Agreement are subject to and qualified in their entirety by
reference to the full text of such agreements, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2 and 10.1 respectively, to this Current
Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Underwriting Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and
as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Underwriting Agreement, and may be subject to limitations agreed
upon by the contracting parties. Accordingly, the Underwriting Agreement is incorporated herein by reference only to provide investors
with information regarding the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding
the Company or its business, and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures in the Companys periodic reports and other
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

The Offering closed on March 21, 2025. The net
proceeds to the Company from the Offering were approximately $15 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other
offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes,
including research and development as well as marketing and sales of the Companys products. Additionally, the Company expects to
use approximately 14% of the net proceeds to repay the outstanding balance of that certain Secured Promissory Note, dated as of June 26,
2024, originally issued by the Company to Streeterville Capital, LLC (Streeterville), on June 26, 2024, in an original principal
amount of $6,470,000, as amended pursuant to Amendment No. 1, dated October 31, 2024 and Second Amendment to Secured Promissory Note dated
February 27, 2025, and as further amended on March 20, 2025, as required in accordance with the terms of such note.

The Offering was made pursuant to a registration
statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-285872), which was initially filed with the SEC
on March 18, 2025, and declared effective by the SEC on March 20, 2025, and a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333- 285981),
which was filed with the SEC on March 20, 2025 and became effective upon filing. The final prospectus relating to the Offering was filed
with the SEC on March 21, 2025.

Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive
Agreement.

To the extent applicable, the disclosure regarding
East West Capital, LLCs consent in connection with the East West Note and the East West Purchase Agreement (each as defined below)
is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to
Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

On March 20, 2025, the Company received a written
notice (the Notice) from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff) of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
(Nasdaq) notifying the Company that, for the 30 consecutive business days from February 3, 2025 to March 19, 2025, the Companys
Market Value of Publicly Held Shares (MVPHS) had not maintained a minimum aggregate market value of $15,000,000 required
for continued listing on The Nasdaq Global Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(C) (the MVPHS Rule). The Notice
does not impact the listing of the Common Shares on The Nasdaq Global Market at this time.

In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(D)
(the Compliance Period Rule), the Company has a period of 180 calendar days from the date of the Notice, or until September
16, 2025 (the Compliance Date), to regain compliance with the MVPHS Rule. During this period, the Common Shares will continue
to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market. If at any time before the Compliance Date the Companys MVPHS closes at or above $15,000,000
for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days as required under the Compliance Period Rule, the Staff will provide written notification
to the Company that it has regained compliance with the MVPHS Rule and will close the matter.

If the Company cannot regain compliance during
the Compliance Period, the Staff will provide a written notification to the Company that its securities are subject to delisting. At that
time, the Company may appeal the Staffs delisting determination to a Hearings Panel (the Panel). However, there can
be no assurance that, if the Company receives a delisting notice and appeals the delisting determination by the Staff to the Panel, such
appeal would be successful.

The Company intends to monitor the closing price
of its Common Shares between now and the Compliance Date, and may, if appropriate, evaluate available options to resolve the deficiency
and regain compliance with the MVPHS Rule. Additionally, the Company may consider applying to transfer the listing of its securities to
The Nasdaq Capital Market (provided that it then satisfies the requirements for listing on that market). However, there can be no assurance
that the Company will be able to regain or maintain compliance with Nasdaq listing criteria.

2

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained under the heading Amended Fees to
be Paid to Former Financial Advisor in Item 8.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein to the
extent required to be disclosed under this Item 3.02.

Any common shares to be issued to Peikin as described
under the heading Amended Fees to be Paid to Former Financial Advisor in Item 8.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K will
be issued pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, on the basis that these shares
will be issued to an accredited investor and the Company did not engage in any general solicitation in connection with such offer and
sale.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

Consent of Streeterville Investors Related
to the Offering

On March 20, 2025, the Company obtained the consent
of Streeterville and its affiliate, East West Capital, LLC (East West and, together with Streeterville, the Streeterville
Investors), in connection with the Offering under the following agreements: (i) the Note Purchase Agreement, dated November 13,
2024, between the Company and East West (the East West Purchase Agreement) and the related secured promissory note issued
by the Company (the East West Note); (ii) the Note Purchase Agreement, dated June 26, 2024, between the Company and Streeterville
(as amended, the First Streeterville Purchase Agreement) and the related secured promissory note (as amended, the First
Streeterville Note); and (iii) the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 20, 2024, between the Company and Streeterville
(as amended, the Second Streeterville Purchase Agreement, and collectively with the other agreements, the Purchase
Agreements).

In consideration for the Streeterville Investors
consent for the Offering under the Purchase Agreements, the Company agreed, among other things, to: (i) use approximately 14% of the net
proceeds from the Offering to make a prepayment under the First Streeterville Note; (ii) permit Streeterville, beginning 45 days after
the closing of the Offering, to unilaterally elect to make pre-paid purchases up to $3,000,000 of the remaining commitment amount under
the Second Streeterville Purchase Agreement, without affecting the Companys rights to require Streeterville to make pre-paid purchases
in accordance with the terms of the Second Streeterville Purchase Agreement; (iii) confirm that East West has no obligation to fund any
additional amounts under the East West Note or the East West Purchase Agreement; and (iv) clarify that the issuance of Series A Warrants
in the Offering, and the terms of such warrants, will not trigger the Most Favored Nation provision set forth in Section
11 of the Second Streeterville Purchase Agreement. East West has not funded any amounts under the East West Note or the East West Purchase
Agreement and, following the consent, the East West Note, the East West Purchase Agreement, and the related security documents in favor
of East West are deemed terminated.

Amended Fees to be Paid to Former Financial Advisor 

As previously disclosed in the current report filed with the SEC on
November 18, 2024, Damon Motors Inc. (Damon Motors) had entered into an amendment to its engagement agreement with Joseph
Gunnar & Co., LLC (Joseph Gunnar) and Mark Peikin (Peikin) (the Amendment). On March 24,
2025, the Company and Damon Motors entered into a new agreement with Peikin (the Peikin Agreement), pursuant to which the
parties agreed to amend the payment terms with respect to the payment amount set forth in the Amendment. In connection with the Peikin
Agreement, Peikin agreed to voluntarily surrender to the Company for cancellation the 1,255,230 common shares previously issued to him
pursuant to the Amendment (the Issued Shares), and waive, on behalf of himself and Joseph Gunnar, any default by the Company
or Damon Motors to register the Issued Shares timely as required by the Amendment.

Under the Peikin Agreement, the Company agreed to deliver to Peikin
an aggregate amount of $2,515,000 (the Amended Payment Amount), of which $1,515,000 shall be paid in cash on March 24, 2025,
and $1,000,000 (the Deferred Amount), which may be paid, at the option of the Company, by cash or in common shares of the
Company (the Shares) no later than May 21, 2025, the first trading day following the expiration of the 60-day standstill
period set forth in the Underwriting Agreement. The number of Shares to be issued shall be calculated by dividing the Deferred Amount
by the lower of (i) the Nasdaq Official Closing Price as of the issuance date; or (ii) the average Nasdaq Official Closing Price of the
common stock for the five trading days immediately preceding and including the issuance date. The Company also agreed to file a resale
registration statement covering the Shares no later than the first trading day following their issuance. In addition, the Company agreed
that, without Peikins prior written consent and subject to customary exceptions, it will not engage in, or publicly announce, any
registered offering of equity securities for capital-raising purposes, or any at-the-market, continuous equity, or variable
rate transactions, during the period from the issuance date of the Shares until ten business days after the registered Shares are delivered
following the effectiveness of the resale registration statement.

3

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on
Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Current Report on Form 8-K are
forward-looking statements. When used in this Current Report on Form 8-K, words such as anticipate, believe,
continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might,
plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should,
would and variations of these words or similar expressions (or the negative versions of such words or expressions), as they
relate to the Company or its management team, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Many factors could cause actual future
events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Companys ability
to successfully appeal a delisting determination if issued, the Companys ability to resolve the deficiency under the MVPHS Rule
and regain compliance with the MVPHS Rule or the Companys ability to successfully transfer the listing of its securities to The
Nasdaq Capital Market. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information
currently available to, the Companys management. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, conditions
or results, and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, many of which are
beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Companys registration
statement on Form S-1 filed on January 16, 2025, and other documents of the Company filed, or to be filed, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. All
subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are qualified in their
entirety by this paragraph. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements for revisions or changes
after the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, except as required by law.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Form of Series A Warrant.

4.2 Form of Underwriters Warrant.

10.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2025, by and between
Damon Inc. and Maxim Group LLC.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

4

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: March 25, 2025 DAMON, INC.

By: /s/ Bal Bhullar

Bal Bhullar

Chief Financial Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023540601ex4-1_damon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SERIES A WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Common
SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT

DAMON INC.

Warrant Shares: _______ 

Issuance Date: March 21, 2025

(the Issuance Date)

THIS COMMON SHARE PURCHASE
WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the Issuance Date listed above (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on September
21, 2027 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Damon Inc., a British Columbia
corporation (the Company), up to ______ Common Shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant
Shares) of the Company. The purchase price of one Common Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as
defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares are then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Shares for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of
the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Shares are then reported in the Pink Open Market operated
by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid
price per common share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a common share as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to
the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are
open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Share Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Shares, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred share, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Shares.

Common Shares
means the common shares of the Company, with no par value, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

First Reset Period
means the 5th trading day after the Issuance Date and ending on the First Reset Date.

Floor Price
means 20% of the Nasdaq Official Closing Price.

Nasdaq Official Closing
Price means the most recent Nasdaq Official Closing Price of the Common Shares preceding execution of the Underwriting Agreement.

Offering
means the offering of the Common Shares, and warrants to purchase Common Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Registration Statement
means, collectively, the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-285872) filed on March 18, 2025 and registration
statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-285981) filed on March 20, 2025.

Reset Date
means, 4:01 p.m. Eastern time on (i) the 7th trading day after the Issuance Date (the First Reset Date),
and (ii) the 15th trading day after the Issuance Date (the Second Reset Date).

Reset Period
means the First Reset Period or the Second Reset Period, as applicable.

Reset Price
means, with respect to the First Reset Date, the greater of (i) 80% of lowest VWAP during the First Reset Period, and (ii) 40% of Nasdaq
Official Closing Price and proportional share adjustment; and with respect to the Second Reset Date, the greater of (i) 80% of lowest
VWAP during the Second Reset Period , and (ii) 20% of Nasdaq Official Closing Price and proportional share adjustment (as adjusted for
forward and reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, stock dividends and the like after the execution of the Underwriting Agreement).

2

Second Reset Period
means the 13th trading day after the Issuance Date and ending on the Second Reset Date.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Common Shares are traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the
OTCQB, OTCQX, or OTC Pink Open Market (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent
means Odyssey Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 350-409 Granville Street,
Vancouver, British Columbia V6C 1T2, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Underwriting Agreement
means the underwriting agreement, dated as of March 20, 2025, between the Company and Maxim Group LLC, as amended, modified or supplemented
from time to time in accordance with its terms.

VWAP means,
for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares are then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the
Trading Market on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Shares are then quoted on the OTCQB or OTCQX and there is not
another Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB
or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX or another Trading Market
and if prices for the Common Shares are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions
of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Shares so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market
value of a Common Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the
Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Share purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

3

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy
or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the
cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in
which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which
the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise
within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and
agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number
of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per Common Share under this Warrant shall be US$0.195, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

4

(c) Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained
therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in
part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice
of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading
Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading
hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii)
at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Shares on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders
execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a
Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading
hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the
date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the
terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued
in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant
Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary
to this Section 2(c).

Whether or not an effective
registration statement is available, during the period of 90 calendar days following the issue date of this Warrant, the Holder may also
effect an alternative cashless exercise of the Warrant, or any portion of the Warrant. In such event, the aggregate number
of Warrant Shares issuable in such alternative cashless exercise pursuant to any given Notice of Exercise electing to effect an alternative
cashless exercise shall equal the product of (i) the aggregate number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of
this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise,
multiplied by (ii) [2.5]. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically
exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c) (including an alternative cashless exercise pursuant to this
paragraph).

5

(d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

(i) Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered
in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder
is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest
of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, provided that the Holder has then delivered the
aggregate Exercise Price to the Company, if applicable, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the
Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Exercise provided that the Holder has then delivered the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company, if applicable (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery
of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received
within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following
delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice
of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty,
for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Shares on the date of the applicable Notice
of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue)
for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.
The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding
and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a
number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Shares as in effect on the date of delivery
of the Notice of Exercise.

(ii) Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

(iii) Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise upon written notice to the Company.

6

(iv) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its
broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Shares
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying
(1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times
(2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either
reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such
exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely
complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Shares having a total purchase
price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Common Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to
such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder
$1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and,
upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other
remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Common Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to
the terms hereof.

(v) No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

(vi) Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

7

(vii) Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of Common Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of Common
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of
Common Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any
other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Share Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion
or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that
the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder
is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this
Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the
Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable
(in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this
Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify
or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of this Warrant that are not in compliance with
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (other than to the extent that information on the number of outstanding Common Shares of the Company
is provided by the Company and relied upon by the Holder). In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding Common Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Shares
as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more
recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number
of Common Shares outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and
in writing to the Holder the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Common Shares shall be determined
after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding Common Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of Common
Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder,
upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue
to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered
to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such
limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

8

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Share
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a share dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares (which,
for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding
Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding Common Shares into
a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of the Common Shares any shares of the Company, then in each case the Exercise
Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any)
outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after
such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, in addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above,
if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Share Equivalents or rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or
other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder
will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have
acquired if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable as of the record date for such Purchase
Rights if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common
Shares are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder
shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Shares as a result
of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time,
if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (excluding cash
and including, without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off,
reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) other than dividends or distributions subject
to Section 3(a) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder
shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder
had held the number of Common Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable as of the record date for such Distribution if such exercise
were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without
limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if
no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution
(provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any Common Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of
such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

9

(d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Shares, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares are effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger, or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than
50% of the outstanding Common Shares (not including any Common Shares held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or
associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination)
(each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right
to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number
of Common Shares of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration
(the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of
Common Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of
one Common Share in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall
be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of
this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder
(without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange
for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this
Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of common shares of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to
the Common Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares (but taking
into account the relative value of the Common Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares, such number
of shares and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any
such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental
Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may
exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same
effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

10

(e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of
Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(f) Notice
to Holder.

(i) Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii) Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other Distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Shares, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of any class or
of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common
Shares, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) is a party, any sale or transfer
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Shares are converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its
last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the applicable warrant register of the Company, at least 10 calendar days
prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken
for the purpose of such dividend or other Distribution, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common
Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend or other Distribution are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Shares of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable
upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice
or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such
notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall promptly furnish such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on
Form 8-K or Form 6-K, as applicable. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date
of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

11

(g) Restriction
on Share Combination. The Company agrees not to effect or announce any share split, share dividend, share combination, recapitalization,
or similar transaction involving the Common Shares until at least 10 Trading Days have passed following the Second Reset Date.

(h) Exercise
Price and Warrant Share Reset.

(iii) Warrant
Shares Reset Process. On each Reset Date, the Exercise Price shall be equal to (or adjusted to be equal to) the lower of (i) the Exercise
Price then in effect and (ii) the applicable Reset Price. Upon such reset of the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 3(h)(i), the
number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder,
after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise Price, shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price on the Initial Exercise Date
(adjusted for any Warrants exercised or sold by the Holder prior to such Reset Date) for the Warrant Shares then outstanding, subject
to adjustment for any prior exercises pursuant to Section 3(h)(ii).

(ii) Exercise
Prior to Reset Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder requests to exercise this Warrant, in whole or in part, prior to the
applicable Reset Date on any given date which (i) the exercised Warrant Shares are registered pursuant to an effective Registration Statement
that is available for the issuance of such Warrant Shares, or (ii) the Holder exercises this Warrant pursuant to cashless exercise (any
such date, an Exercise Date), then solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant being exercised on such applicable
Exercise Date, (a) such applicable Reset Date shall be deemed to mean the Exercise Date, (b) such applicable Reset Period shall be deemed
to have ended following the close of regular trading immediately prior to such exercise and (c) the applicable Reset Price for such exercised
Warrants shall be calculated pursuant to Section 3.3(h) solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant being exercised on such applicable
Exercise Date. For the avoidance of doubt, following the calculation of the Reset Price pursuant to this Section 3.3.2, the Companys
obligations with regard to such exercised Warrants shall be deemed satisfied and no additional Reset Price shall apply to such exercised
Warrants.

12

(i) Voluntary
Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of
this Warrant, subject to the prior written consent of the Holder, reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period
of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

(j) Floor
Price. In no event, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall the Exercise Price be adjusted to a price that is less
than the Floor Price, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustments provided in this Warrant.

Section 4. Transfer of
Warrant.

(a) Transferability.
This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this
Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any
transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b) New
Warrants. If this Warrant is not held in global form through DTC (or any successor depositary), this Warrant may be divided or combined
with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names
and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section
4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or
Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers
or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares
issuable pursuant thereto.

13

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

(a) No
Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle
an exercise of this Warrant.

(b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any share certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or share certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or share certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or share certificate.

(c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

(d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants that,
during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will, if applicable, reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Shares a sufficient
number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company
further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing
the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

14

Except and to the extent as
waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of
incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times
in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to
protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such
increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally
issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable
the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which
would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company
shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or
bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(e) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of
law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough
of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed
herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in
such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and
expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

(f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages
to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but
not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts
due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

15

(h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service, addressed to the Company, at 704 Alexander Street, Vancouver, British Columbia V6A 1E3, Attention: Chief Financial Officer, email
address: [REDACTED], or such other facsimile number, email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to
the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and
delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at
the facsimile number, e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication
or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or
later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S.
nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.
To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any
Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K or Form 6-K,
as applicable.

(i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Shares or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

(j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the written consent of the holders of Warrants representing at least a majority of the shares of Common Shares underlying the Warrants
then outstanding without giving effect to any beneficial ownership limitations, on the other hand.

(m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

DAMON INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: DAMON INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms
of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the Exercise Price in full, together with all applicable
transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States;

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares
as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number
of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c); or

surrender of the applicable portion of this Warrant pursuant
to the alternative cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified
below:

_______________________________ 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered
to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________ 

_______________________________ 

_______________________________ 

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023540601ex4-2_damon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF UNDERWRITER'S WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

Common
SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT

DAMON INC.

Warrant Shares: 6,345,000 

Issuance Date: March 21, 2025

(the Issuance Date)

THIS COMMON SHARE PURCHASE
WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Maxim Group, LLC, or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the Issuance Date listed above (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on September
21, 2027 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Damon Inc., a British Columbia
corporation (the Company), up to 6,345,000 Common Shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant
Shares) of the Company. The purchase price of one Common Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as
defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares are then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Shares for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of
the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Shares are then reported in the Pink Open Market operated
by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid
price per common share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a common share as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to
the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are
open for use by customers on such day.

1

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Share Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Shares, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred share, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Shares.

Common Shares
means the common shares of the Company, with no par value, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

First Reset Period
means the 5th trading day after the Issuance Date and ending on the First Reset Date.

Floor Price
means 20% of the Nasdaq Official Closing Price.

Nasdaq Official Closing
Price means the most recent Nasdaq Official Closing Price of the Common Shares preceding execution of the Underwriting Agreement.

Offering
means the offering of the Common Shares and warrants to purchase Common Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Registration Statement
means, collectively, the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-285872) filed on March 18, 2025 and registration
statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-285981) filed on March 20, 2025.

Reset Date
means, 4:01 p.m. Eastern time on (i) the 7th trading day after the Issuance Date (the First Reset Date),
and (ii) the 15th trading day after the Issuance Date (the Second Reset Date).

Reset Period
means the First Reset Period or the Second Reset Period, as applicable.

Reset Price
means, with respect to the First Reset Date, the greater of (i) 80% of lowest VWAP during the First Reset Period, and (ii) 40% of Nasdaq
Official Closing Price and proportional share adjustment; and with respect to the Second Reset Date, the greater of (i) 80% of lowest
VWAP during the Second Reset Period , and (ii) 20% of Nasdaq Official Closing Price and proportional share adjustment (as adjusted for
forward and reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, stock dividends and the like after the execution of the Underwriting Agreement).

2

Second Reset Period
means the 13th trading day after the Issuance Date and ending on the Second Reset Date.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Common Shares are traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the
OTCQB, OTCQX, or OTC Pink Open Market (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent
means Odyssey Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 350-409 Granville Street,
Vancouver, British Columbia V6C 1T2, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Underwriting Agreement
means the underwriting agreement, dated as of March 20, 2025, between the Company and Maxim Group LLC, as amended, modified or supplemented
from time to time in accordance with its terms.

VWAP means,
for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares are then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the
Trading Market on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Shares are then quoted on the OTCQB or OTCQX and there is not
another Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB
or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX or another Trading Market
and if prices for the Common Shares are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions
of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Shares so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market
value of a Common Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the
Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Share purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

3

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy
or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the
cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in
which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which
the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise
within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and
agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number
of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per Common Share under this Warrant shall be US$0.195, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

(c) Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained
therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in
part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1)
both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant
to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(68) of
Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Shares on the
principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise
if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours
thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day
and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours
on such Trading Day;

4

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued
in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant
Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary
to this Section 2(c).

Whether or not an effective
registration statement is available, during the period of 90 calendar days following the issue date of this Warrant, the Holder may also
effect an alternative cashless exercise of the Warrant, or any portion of the Warrant. In such event, the aggregate number
of Warrant Shares issuable in such alternative cashless exercise pursuant to any given Notice of Exercise electing to effect an alternative
cashless exercise shall equal the product of (i) the aggregate number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of
this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise,
multiplied by (ii) 2.5. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically
exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c) (including an alternative cashless exercise pursuant to this
paragraph).

5

(d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

(i) Delivery of
Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent
to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered
in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder
is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest
of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, provided that the Holder has then delivered the
aggregate Exercise Price to the Company, if applicable, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the
Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Exercise provided that the Holder has then delivered the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company, if applicable (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery
of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received
within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following
delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice
of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty,
for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Shares on the date of the applicable Notice
of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue)
for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.
The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding
and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a
number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Shares as in effect on the date of delivery
of the Notice of Exercise.

(ii) Delivery of
New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon
surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the
rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

(iii) Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise upon written notice to the Company.

6

(iv) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its
broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Shares
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying
(1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times
(2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either
reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such
exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely
complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Shares having a total purchase
price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Common Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to
such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder
$1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and,
upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other
remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Common Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to
the terms hereof.

(v) No Fractional
Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or
round up to the next whole share.

(vi) Charges, Taxes
and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

7

(vii) Closing of
Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of Common Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of Common
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of
Common Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any
other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Share Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion
or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that
the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder
is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this
Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the
Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable
(in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this
Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify
or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of this Warrant that are not in compliance with
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (other than to the extent that information on the number of outstanding Common Shares of the Company
is provided by the Company and relied upon by the Holder). In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding Common Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Shares
as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more
recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number
of Common Shares outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and
in writing to the Holder the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Common Shares shall be determined
after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding Common Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of Common
Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder,
upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue
to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered
to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such
limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

8

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

(a) Share Dividends
and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a share dividend or otherwise makes a distribution
or distributions on its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares (which, for avoidance
of doubt, shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding Common
Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding Common Shares into a smaller
number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of the Common Shares any shares of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price
shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding
immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after such event,
and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price
of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the
record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately
after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, in addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above,
if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Share Equivalents or rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or
other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder
will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have
acquired if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable as of the record date for such Purchase
Rights if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common
Shares are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder
shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Shares as a result
of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time,
if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(c) Pro Rata
Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (excluding cash
and including, without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off,
reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) other than dividends or distributions subject
to Section 3(a) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder
shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder
had held the number of Common Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable as of the record date for such Distribution if such exercise
were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without
limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if
no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution
(provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any Common Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of
such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

9

(d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Shares, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares are effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger, or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than
50% of the outstanding Common Shares (not including any Common Shares held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or
associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination)
(each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right
to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number
of Common Shares of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration
(the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of
Common Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of
one Common Share in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall
be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of
this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder
(without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange
for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this
Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of common shares of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to
the Common Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares (but taking
into account the relative value of the Common Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares, such number
of shares and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any
such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental
Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may
exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same
effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

10

(e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of
Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(f) Notice to
Holder.

(i) Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii) Notice to
Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other Distribution in whatever form) on the Common Shares,
(B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Shares, (C) the Company shall authorize
the granting to all holders of the Common Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of any class or of any rights,
(D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Shares, any
consolidation or merger to which the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Shares are converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile
number or email address as it shall appear upon the applicable warrant register of the Company, at least 10 calendar days prior to the
applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose
of such dividend or other Distribution, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Shares of record
to be entitled to such dividend or other Distribution are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders
of the Common Shares of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon
such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any
defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice.
To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company
or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall promptly furnish such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K
or Form 6-K, as applicable. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

11

(g) Restriction
on Share Combination. The Company agrees not to effect or announce any share split, share dividend, share combination, recapitalization,
or similar transaction involving the Common Shares until at least 10 Trading Days have passed following the Second Reset Date.

(h) Exercise
Price and Warrant Share Reset.

(iii) Warrant Shares
Reset Process. On each Reset Date, the Exercise Price shall be equal to (or adjusted to be equal to) the lower of (i) the Exercise
Price then in effect and (ii) the applicable Reset Price. Upon such reset of the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 3(h)(i), the
number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder,
after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise Price, shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price on the Initial Exercise Date
(adjusted for any Warrants exercised or sold by the Holder prior to such Reset Date) for the Warrant Shares then outstanding, subject
to adjustment for any prior exercises pursuant to Section 3(h)(ii).

(ii) Exercise Prior
to Reset Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder requests to exercise this Warrant, in whole or in part, prior to the applicable
Reset Date on any given date which (i) the exercised Warrant Shares are registered pursuant to an effective Registration Statement that
is available for the issuance of such Warrant Shares, or (ii) the Holder exercises this Warrant pursuant to cashless exercise (any such
date, an Exercise Date), then solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant being exercised on such applicable
Exercise Date, (a) such applicable Reset Date shall be deemed to mean the Exercise Date, (b) such applicable Reset Period shall be deemed
to have ended following the close of regular trading immediately prior to such exercise and (c) the applicable Reset Price for such exercised
Warrants shall be calculated pursuant to Section 3.3(h) solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant being exercised on such applicable
Exercise Date. For the avoidance of doubt, following the calculation of the Reset Price pursuant to this Section 3.3.2, the Companys
obligations with regard to such exercised Warrants shall be deemed satisfied and no additional Reset Price shall apply to such exercised
Warrants.

12

(i) Voluntary
Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of
this Warrant, subject to the prior written consent of the Holder, reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period
of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

(j) Floor Price. 
In no event, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall the Exercise Price be adjusted to a price that is less than the Floor
Price, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustments provided in this Warrant.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

(a) Transferability.
This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this
Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any
transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b) New Warrants.
If this Warrant is not held in global form through DTC (or any successor depositary), this Warrant may be divided or combined with other
Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations
in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to
any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in
exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges
shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant
thereto.

13

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

(a) No Rights
as Shareholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or
other rights as a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth
in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section
2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise
of this Warrant.

(b) Loss, Theft,
Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any share certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or share certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or share certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or share certificate.

(c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

(d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants that,
during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will, if applicable, reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Shares a sufficient
number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company
further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing
the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the extent as
waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of
incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times
in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to
protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such
increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally
issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable
the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

14

Before taking any action which
would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company
shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or
bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(e) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of
law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough
of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed
herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in
such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and
expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

(f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages
to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but
not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts
due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

15

(h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service, addressed to the Company, at 704 Alexander Street, Vancouver, British Columbia V6A 1E3, Attention: Chief Financial Officer, email
address: bal@damon.com, or such other facsimile number, email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice
to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing
and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder
at the facsimile number, e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication
or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or
later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S.
nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.
To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any
Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K or Form 6-K,
as applicable.

(i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Shares or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

(j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

16

(k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the written consent of the holders of Warrants representing at least a majority of the shares of Common Shares underlying the Warrants
then outstanding without giving effect to any beneficial ownership limitations, on the other hand.

(m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

17

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

DAMON INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

18

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: DAMON INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant
Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the
Exercise Price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States;

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares
as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number
of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c); or

surrender of the applicable portion of this Warrant pursuant
to the alternative cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned
or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________ 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered
to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________ 

_______________________________ 

_______________________________ 

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

19

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023540601ex10-1_damon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 20, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN DAMON INC. AND MAXIM GROUP LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

DAMON INC.

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT

March 20, 2025

Maxim Group LLC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor

New York, New York 10022

As Representative of the Underwriters

named on Schedule A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Damon Inc., a company organized
under the laws of the Province of British Columbia (the Company), proposes, subject to the terms and conditions stated
herein, to issue and sell an aggregate of (i) 126,900,000 common units (each a Common Unit and collectively, the
Common Units), with each Common Unit consisting of (A) one common share of the Company, no par value per share (each
a Common Share and collectively, the Common Shares), and (B) one Series A Warrant (each a Series
A Warrant and collectively, the Series A Warrants) to purchase one Common Share (each a Series
A Warrant Share and collectively, the Series A Warrant Shares), and (ii) and one Series A Warrant to the
several underwriters (such underwriters, for whom Maxim Group LLC (Maxim or the Representative)
is acting as representative, the Underwriters and each an Underwriter). The Common Units are
referred to herein as the Firm Securities. The Company has also agreed to grant to the Representative on behalf of
the Underwriters an option (the Option) to purchase up to an additional 19,035,000 Common Shares (respectively, the
Option Shares) and/or 19,035,000 warrants to purchase Common Shares (the Option Series A Warrants,
and together with the Option Shares, the Option Securities) on the terms set forth in Section 1(b) hereof. The Series
A Warrants, Option Series A Warrants, and Underwriters Warrants, as defined below, are collectively referred to as the Warrants.
The Firm Securities and the Option Securities are hereinafter collectively called the Offered Securities, and the
offering of such Offered Securities is hereinafter called the Offering. The Offered Securities, the Underwriters
Warrants (as defined below) and all Common Shares underlying the securities therein are herein collectively called the Securities.

The Company and each of the
Underwriters confirm their respective agreements (this Agreement) as follows:

1. Agreement
to Sell and Purchase.

(a)
Purchase of Firm Securities. On the basis of the representations, warranties
and agreements of the Company contained herein and subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company agrees to sell
to the Underwriters, severally and not jointly, and the Underwriters, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase from the Company,
the number of Firm Securities set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter set forth on Schedule A hereto, at a purchase price
(the Purchase Price) (prior to discount and commissions) of $0.13 per Common Unit (or $0.00845 per Common Unit net
of discount and commissions).

(b) Purchase of Option
Securities. Subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company grants to the Representative on behalf of the
Underwriters the Option to purchase, severally and not jointly, all or less than all of the Option Shares and/or Option Series A
Warrants, which may be purchased in any combination. The purchase price (net of discount and commissions) to be paid for each Option
Share will be the same Purchase Price (net of discount and commissions) allocated to each Common Unit, minus $0.001. The purchase
price to be paid for each Option Series A Warrant shall be $0.001. The Option may be exercised in whole or in part at any time and
from time to time on or before the 45th day after the date of this Closing Date, upon written notice (the
Option Notice) by the Representative to the Company no later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, at least one
and no more than five (5) business days before the date specified for closing in the Option Notice (the Option Closing
Date) setting forth the aggregate number of Option Shares and/or Option Series A Warrants to be purchased and the time
and date for such purchase. Upon exercise of the Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Underwriters, and,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option
Shares and/or Option Series A Warrants specified in the Option Notice. If any Option Shares or Option Series A Warrants are to be
purchased, each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase the number of Option Shares or Option Series A Warrants,
as applicable (as adjusted by the Representative in such manner as it deems advisable to avoid fractional securities) that bears the
same proportion to the number of Firm Securities to be purchased by it as set forth on Schedule A opposite such
Underwriters name relative to the total number of Firm Securities to be purchased pursuant to this Agreement by all
Underwriters.

(c) Underwriters
Warrants. The Company hereby agrees to issue to the Underwriters (and/or their respective designees)
on the Closing Date, warrants to purchase an aggregate of five percent (5%) of the number of Common Shares issued in the Offering (the
Underwriters Warrants). The Underwriters Warrants shall be identical to the Series A Warrants. The
Underwriters Warrants and the Common Shares issuable upon exercise of the Underwriters Warrants are hereinafter referred
to collectively as the Underwriters Securities.

2. Delivery
and Payment.

(a) Closing.
Delivery of the Shares contained in the Firm Securities shall be made to the Representative through the facilities of the Depository
Trust Company (DTC) for the respective accounts of the Underwriters against payment of the Purchase Price by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to the order of the Company. The Series A Warrants and the Underwriter Warrants shall
be delivered against payment in certificated form, for the account of the Underwriters. The Securities shall be registered in such
name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing prior to the Closing Date. Such
payment shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day (the third business day, should the Offering be
priced after 4:00 p.m., New York City Time) after the date of this Agreement or at such time on such other date, not later than ten
(10) business days after such date, as may be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative (such date is hereinafter referred
to as the Closing Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Series A Warrant or
Underwriters Warrant for which an Exercise Notice (as defined therein) is delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City
time) on the Closing Date, which such Exercise Notice may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement,
the Company agrees to deliver the Series A Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing
Date.

2

(b) Option Closing. To
the extent the Option is exercised, delivery of the Option Securities against payment by the Underwriters (in the manner and at the location
specified above) shall take place at the time and date (which may be the Closing Date, but not earlier than the Closing Date) specified
in the Option Notice.

(c) Electronic
Transfer. Electronic transfer of the Offered Securities shall be made at the time of purchase in such names and in such
denominations as the Representative shall specify.

(d) Tax Stamps. The
cost of original issue tax stamps, if any, in connection with the issuance and delivery of the Offered Securities by the Company to
the Underwriters shall be borne by the Company. The Company shall pay and hold each Underwriter and any subsequent holder of the
Offered Securities harmless from any and all liabilities with respect to or resulting from any failure or delay in paying United
States federal and state and foreign stamp and other transfer taxes, if any, which may be payable or determined to be payable in
connection with the original issuance, sale and delivery to such Underwriter of the Offered Securities.

3. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to, and covenants with, each of the Underwriters as follows:

(a) Compliance with
Registration Requirements. A registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-285872) relating to the Securities,
including a preliminary prospectus and such amendments to such registration statement as may have been required prior to the date of
this Agreement, has been prepared by the Company under the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Act), and the rules and regulations (collectively referred to as the Rules and
Regulations) of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) thereunder, and has been
filed with the Commission. Copies of such registration statement and of each amendment thereto, if any, including the related
preliminary prospectuses, heretofore filed by the Company with the Commission have been delivered to the Underwriters. The term
Registration Statement means such registration statement on Form S-1 as amended at the time it becomes or
became effective, including financial statements, all exhibits and any information deemed to be included or incorporated by
reference therein, including any information deemed to be included pursuant to Rule 430A or Rule 430B of the Rules and Regulations,
as applicable. If the Company files a registration statement to register a portion of the Securities and relies on Rule 462(b) of
the Rules and Regulations for such registration statement to become effective upon filing with the Commission (the Rule
462 Registration Statement), then any reference to the Registration Statement shall be deemed to
include the Rule 462 Registration Statement, as amended from time to time. The term preliminary prospectus as
used herein means a preliminary prospectus as contemplated by Rule 430 or Rule 430A of the Rules and Regulations included at any
time as part of, or deemed to be part of or included in, the Registration Statement. The term Prospectus means
the final prospectus in connection with this Offering as first filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and
Regulations or, if no such filing is required, the form of final prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the effective
date, except that if any revised prospectus or prospectus supplement shall be provided to the Representative by the Company for use
in connection with the Offered Securities which differs from the Prospectus (whether or not such revised prospectus or prospectus
supplement is required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b)), the term Prospectus shall also refer to
such revised prospectus or prospectus supplement, as the case may be, from and after the time it is first provided to the
Representative for such use. Any reference herein to the terms amend, amendment or
supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to
refer to and include: (i) the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and together with the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act) after the effective date of the
Registration Statement, the date of such preliminary prospectus or the date of the Prospectus, as the case may be, which is
incorporated therein by reference, and (ii) any such document so filed.

3

(b) Effectiveness of
Registration. The Registration Statement, any Rule 462 Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto have been
declared effective by the Commission under the Act or have become effective pursuant to Rule 462 of the Rules and Regulations. The
Company has responded to all requests, if any, of the Commission for additional or supplemental information. No stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any Rule 462 Registration Statement is in effect and no proceedings
for such purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission.

(c) Accuracy of
Registration Statement. Each of the Registration Statement, any Rule 462 Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment
thereto, at the time it became effective, when any document filed under the Exchange Act was or is filed and at all subsequent
times, complied and will comply in all material respects with the Act and the Rules and Regulations, and did not and will not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, as of its date and at all subsequent
times when a prospectus is delivered or required (or, but for the provisions of Rule 172, would be required) by applicable law to be
delivered in connection with sales of Securities, complied and will comply in all material respects with the Act, the Exchange Act
and the Rules and Regulations, and did not or will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made. Each
preliminary prospectus (including the preliminary prospectus or prospectuses filed as part of the Registration Statement or any
amendment thereto) complied when so filed in all material respects with Act, the Exchange Act and the Rules and Regulations, and
each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Representative for use in connection with this Offering is identical
to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission on EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation
S-T. The foregoing representations and warranties in this Section 3(c) do not apply to any statements or omissions made in reliance
on and in conformity with information relating to the Underwriters furnished in writing to the Company by the Underwriters through
the Representative specifically for inclusion in the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto.
For all purposes of this Agreement, the information set forth in the Prospectus under the subheadings Price Stabilization,
Short Positions, Other Relationships and Affiliations, and the first paragraph under the subheading
Underwriting Discount, constitutes the only information (the Underwriters
Information) relating to the Underwriters furnished in writing to the Company by the Underwriters through the
Representative specifically for inclusion in the preliminary prospectus, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus.

4

(d) Company Not
Ineligible Issuer. (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement relating to the Securities and (ii) as of the date of
the execution and delivery of this Agreement (with such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)),
the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer (as defined in Rule 405 of the Rules and Regulations).

(e) Disclosure at the
Time of Sale. As of the Applicable Time, neither (i) the Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus(es) (as defined below)
issued at or prior to the Applicable Time, the most recent preliminary prospectus related to this Offering, and the information
included on Schedule II hereto, all considered together (collectively, the General Disclosure Package), nor
(ii) any individual Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus, when considered together with the General Disclosure Package,
included any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to
statements in or omissions from the General Disclosure Package based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to
the Company by the Underwriters through the Representative specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the
only such information furnished by the Underwriters consists of the Underwriters Information.

As used in this subsection and
elsewhere in this Agreement:

Applicable Time
means 5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on March 20, 2025 or such other time as agreed by the Company and the Representative.

Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the Rules and Regulations, relating
to the Offered Securities that (i) is required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (ii) is a written communication
that is a road show within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed with the Commission or (iii) is
exempt from filing pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Securities or of the Offering that does not
reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in
the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g).

Issuer General Use
Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective investors,
as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule I hereto.

Issuer Limited Use
Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus.

5

(f) Issuer Free Writing
Prospectuses. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the Prospectus
Delivery Period (as defined below), does not include any information that conflicts with the information contained in the
Registration Statement. The foregoing sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
based upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information. If at any time following the issuance of an Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus there occurred an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted with
the information contained in the Registration Statement relating to the Securities or included an untrue statement of material fact
or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances prevailing at
that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company has promptly notified the Representative and has promptly amended or supplemented,
at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission.

(g) Distribution of
Offering Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing
Date, any Option Closing Date and the completion of the Underwriters distribution of the Offered Securities, any offering
material in connection with the offering or sale of the Offered Securities, the Registration Statement, the preliminary prospectus,
the Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses reviewed and consented to by the Representative and included in Schedule I hereto,
and the Prospectus. None of the Marketing Materials, as of their respective issue dates and at all subsequent times through the
Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined below), include any information that conflicts with the information contained in the
Registration Statement. If at any time following the issuance of any Marketing Material there occurred an event or development as a
result of which such Marketing Material conflicted with the information contained in the Registration Statement relating to the
Securities or included an untrue statement of material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company has promptly
notified the Representative and has promptly amended or supplemented, at its own expense, such Marketing Material to eliminate or
correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission.

(h) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect material subsidiaries of the Company (each, a Subsidiary) are set forth in the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the
capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any lien, charge, pledge, security interest,
encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other similar restriction (each, a Lien), and all of
the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free
of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

6

(i) Organization and
Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority
to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other
organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property
owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be,
would not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of
this Agreement, the Warrants, or any other agreement, document, certificate or instrument required to be delivered pursuant to this
Agreement (collectively, the Transaction Documents), (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of
operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its
obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no
action, claim, suit or proceeding (including, without limitation, a partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or
threatened (each, a Proceeding) has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing
or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(j) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and
thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the
consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part
of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in
connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals (as hereinafter defined in Section 3(l)). This
Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the
Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by
the Representative, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws
relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as
indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(k) No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party,
the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and
will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of
incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with
or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or
Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or
asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in
a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental
authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which
any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii),
such as would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

7

(l) Filings, Consents
and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make
any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filing with
the Commission of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (ii) notification to the Nasdaq Capital Market for the listing of
the Securities for trading thereon filed prior to the date hereof, (iii) such filings, if any, as are required to be made under
applicable state securities laws, (iv) such notices, filings or authorizations as are required to be obtained or made under
applicable rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) and The Nasdaq Stock Market, and
(v) such notices, filings or authorizations as have been obtained, given or made as of the date hereof (collectively, the
Required Approvals).

(m) [Reserved.]

(n) Issuance of the
Securities. The Securities (other than the Series A Warrant Shares and Underwriters Warrant Shares) are duly authorized
and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the Final Prospectus, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Series A Warrant Shares and Underwriters Warrant
Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Series A Warrants, respectively, will be validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock
the maximum number of Common Shares issuable pursuant to the Final Prospectus.

(o) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the
Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of
any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Shares, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Shares (Common Share
Equivalents) and is outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No
individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind (each, a
Person) has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to
participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the
Securities or as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no
outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or
securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe
for or acquire, any Shares or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by
which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional Shares or Common Share Equivalents or capital stock
of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue Common Shares or
other securities to any Person (other than the Underwriters) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to
adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no securities of the Company or any
Subsidiary that have any anti-dilution or similar adjustment rights (other than adjustments for stock splits, recapitalizations, and
the like) to the exercise or conversion price, have any exchange rights, or reset rights. Except as set forth in the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or
any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or
arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary.
The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or
agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, have been issued in compliance in all material respects with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such
outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No
further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the
Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys
capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys
stockholders.

8

(p) SEC Reports;
Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed
by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two (2)
years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC
Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports
prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with
the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an
issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply
in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect
thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may
be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not
contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its
consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. The agreements and documents
described in the SEC Reports conform to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents
required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder to be described in the SEC Reports or to be filed with the
Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument
(however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is
referred to in the SEC Reports, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed
by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the
Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any
indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of
specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the
discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, none of such
agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the best of the Companys
knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the best of the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that,
with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. To the best of the Companys
knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of
any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign,
having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating to
environmental laws and regulations.

(q) Material Changes;
Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the
SEC Reports, except as reflected or specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof, (i) there has
been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
(ii) the Company has not incurred any material liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued
expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected
in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has
not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other
property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and
(v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate (as defined below), except pursuant to
existing Company equity incentive plans or as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except
for the issuance of the Offered Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or
development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or
their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed
by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly
disclosed at least one trading day prior to the date that this representation is made.

9

(r) Litigation.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there is no action, suit,
inquiry, notice of violation or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company,
any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or
regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action) which (i) adversely
affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) would,
if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in
the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any
director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal
or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is
not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer
of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(s) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the
Company, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its
Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such
Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and
its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive
officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment
contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or
agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does
not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and
its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and
employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(t) Compliance.
Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or
lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary
received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any
other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental
authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority,
including, without limitation, all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as would not have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(u) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance in all material respects with all federal, state, local and foreign
laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land
surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals,
pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into
the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments,
licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder
(Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under
applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of
any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply would be reasonably expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(v) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the
Registration Statement, General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except where the failure to possess such permits would not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary has received any written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(w) Title to
Assets. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all real property owned by them, if any, and good and
marketable title in all personal property owned by them, in each case, that is material to the business of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, and in such case free and clear of all Liens, except for Liens that (i) are described in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (ii) would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have
a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use
made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries, or (iv) are for the payment of federal, state or
other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither
delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held
by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material
respects.

(x) Intellectual
Property. To the knowledge of the Company, the Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent
applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and
other intellectual property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses
as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the
Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice
(written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to
expire or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement, except where such action would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest
audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the
Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as would not have or reasonably be expected
to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and
there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries
have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties,
except where failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company has no knowledge that it lacks or will be unable to obtain any rights or licenses to use all Intellectual Property
Rights that are necessary to conduct its business.

11

(y) Insurance. The
Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in
such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but
not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Purchase Price. Neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage
expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant
increase in cost.

(z) Transactions With
Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of
the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as
employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services
to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of
money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any
entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee,
stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for
services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including
stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(aa) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective and applicable to the Company as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules
and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date or the
Option Closing Date, as applicable. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of
internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with
managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in
accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared
with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and
the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for
the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered
by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company
presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation
Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of
the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control
over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

12

(bb) Certain Fees;
FINRA Affiliation. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no
brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial
advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. To the Companys knowledge, there are no other arrangements, agreements or
understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters
compensation, as determined by FINRA. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to
(i) any person, as a finders fee, investing fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company
or introducing to the Company persons who provided capital to the Company, (ii) any FINRA member, or (iii) any person or entity that
has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member within the 12-month period prior to the date on which
the Registration Statement was filed with the Commission (the Filing Date) or thereafter. To the
Companys knowledge, no (i) officer or director of the Company or its subsidiaries, (ii) owner of 5% or more of the
Companys unregistered securities or that of its subsidiaries or (iii) owner of any amount of the Companys unregistered
securities acquired within the 180-day period prior to the Filing Date, has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with
any FINRA member. The Company will advise the Underwriters and their respective counsel if it becomes aware that any officer,
director or stockholder of the Company or its subsidiaries is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member
participating in the Offering.

(cc) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Offered Securities,
will not be or be an affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended.

(dd) Registration
Rights. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no Person has any
right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or
any Subsidiary.

13

(ee) Listing and
Maintenance Requirements. The Common Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the
Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of
the Shares under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof,
received notice from the Nasdaq Capital Market to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance
requirements of such the Nasdaq Capital Market. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, the Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in
compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Common Shares are currently eligible
for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current
in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such
electronic transfer. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq
Stock Market.

(ff) [Reserved.]

(gg) No Integrated
Offering. Neither the Company or any Person acting on its behalf, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any Person that,
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with the Company
(as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act) (each, an Affiliate) or any
Person acting on their behalf, has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy
any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Offered Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by
the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of The Nasdaq Stock Market.

(hh) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date and as of the Option Closing Date, after giving
effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Offered Securities hereunder, the current cash flow of the
Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all
anticipated uses of the cash, may be insufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are
required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into
account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). Except as set forth in the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead
it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction
within one year from the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable. The Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any
Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement,
Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than
trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent
obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or
collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of
$50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any
Indebtedness.

14

(ii) Tax Status.
Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all
foreign income and tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all
taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes
for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any
material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary
know of no basis for any such claim.

(jj) Foreign Corrupt
Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to
foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its
behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

(kk) Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is CBIZ, Inc. (the Accountants). To the knowledge and belief of the
Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its
opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2024. For purposes of Section 5(h) herein, the term Accountants shall include BDO Canada LLP.

(ll) Regulation M
Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any
action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Offered Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting
purchases of, any of the Offered Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to
purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the
Underwriters in connection with the Offering.

15

(mm) [Reserved.]

(nn) Office of Foreign
Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of
Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(oo) U.S. Real Property
Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of
Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon the Representatives
request.

(pp) Bank Holding
Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA), and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or
indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or
more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any
entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(qq) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money
Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any
arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(rr) Share Option
Plans. Each share option granted by the Company under the Companys share option plans was granted (i) in accordance with
the terms of the Companys share option plans and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Shares on the date such share option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No share option granted under
the Companys share option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no
Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, share options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of share options
with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial
results or prospects.

(ss) Officers
Certificates. Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries delivered to the Representative or
its counsel shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

16

4. Agreements
of the Company. The Company agrees with the Underwriters as follows:

(a) Amendments and
Supplements to Registration Statement. The Company shall not, either prior to any effective date or thereafter during such
period as the Prospectus is required by law to be delivered (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172 of the Rules and
Regulations or any similar rule) (the Prospectus Delivery Period) in connection with sales of the Offered
Securities by an Underwriter or dealer, amend or supplement the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the
Prospectus, unless a copy of such amendment or supplement thereof shall first have been submitted to the Representative within a
reasonable period of time prior to the filing or, if no filing is required, the use thereof and the Representative shall not have
objected thereto in good faith.

(b) Amendments and
Supplements to the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus and Other Securities Act Matters.
During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act, as now
and hereafter amended, and by the Rules and Regulations, as from time to time in force, and by the Exchange Act so far as necessary
to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Securities as contemplated by the provisions hereof, the General Disclosure
Package, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. If, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, any event or development shall
occur or condition exist as a result of which the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented,
would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances then prevailing or under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or if
it shall be necessary to amend or supplement the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances then prevailing or under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or if
in the opinion of the Representative it is otherwise necessary to amend or supplement the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or to file a new registration statement containing the Prospectus, in order to comply with the
Act, the Rules and Regulations, the Exchange Act or the Exchange Act Rules, including in connection with the delivery of the
Prospectus, the Company agrees to (i) promptly notify the Representative of any such event or condition and (ii) promptly prepare
(subject to Section 4(a) and 4(f) hereof), file with the Commission (and use its best efforts to have any amendment to the
Registration Statement or any new registration statement to be declared effective) and furnish at its own expense to the
Representative (and, if applicable, to dealers), amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus, or any new registration statement, necessary in order to make the statements in the General Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented, in the light of the circumstances then prevailing or under which they were
made, as the case may be, not misleading, or so that the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will
comply with the Act, the Rules and Regulations, the Exchange Act or the Exchange Act Rules or any other applicable law.

17

(c) Notifications to
the Underwriters. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to become effective, and shall
notify the Representative promptly, and shall confirm such advice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment to the
Registration Statement has become effective and when any post-effective amendment thereto becomes effective, (ii) of any request by
the Commission for amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or for additional information, (iii) of
the commencement by the Commission or by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification
of any of the Offered Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any
proceeding for that purpose, including, without limitation, the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose or the threat thereof, (iv) of the
happening of any event during the Prospectus Delivery Period that in the judgment of the Company makes any statement made in the
Registration Statement or the Prospectus misleading (including by omission) or untrue or that requires the making of any changes in
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they
are made, not misleading (including by omission), and (v) of receipt by the Company or any representative of the Company of any
other communication from the Commission relating to the Company, the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or the
Prospectus. If at any time the Commission shall issue any order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the
Company shall use best efforts to obtain the withdrawal of such order at the earliest possible moment. The Company shall comply with
the provisions of and make all requisite filings with the Commission pursuant to Rules 424(b), 430A, 430B and 462(b) of the Rules
and Regulations and to notify the Representative promptly of all such filings.

(d) Executed
Registration Statement. The Company shall furnish to the Representative, without charge, one signed copy of the Registration
Statement, and of any post-effective amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules, and all exhibits thereto, and
shall furnish to the Representative, without charge, a copy of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto,
including financial statements and schedules but without exhibits.

(e) Undertakings.
The Company shall comply with all the provisions of any undertakings contained and required to be contained in the Registration
Statement.

(f) Prospectus.
The Company shall prepare the Prospectus in a form approved by the Representative and shall file such Prospectus with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations with a filing date not later than the second business day following the
execution and delivery of this Agreement. Promptly after the effective date of the Registration Statement, and thereafter from time
to time during the period when the Prospectus is required (or, but for the provisions of Rule 172 under the Act, would be required)
to be delivered, the Company shall deliver to the Representative, without charge, as many electronic copies of the Prospectus and
any amendment or supplement thereto as the Representative may reasonably request. The Company consents to the use of the Prospectus
and any amendment or supplement thereto by the Representative and by all dealers to whom the Offered Securities may be sold, both in
connection with the offering or sale of the Offered Securities and for any period of time thereafter during the Prospectus Delivery
Period. If, during the Prospectus Delivery Period any event shall occur that in the judgment of the Company or counsel to the
Underwriters should be set forth in the Prospectus in order to make any statement therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which it was made, not misleading (including by omission), or if it is necessary to supplement or amend the Prospectus to comply
with law, the Company shall forthwith prepare and duly file with the Commission an appropriate supplement or amendment thereto, and
shall deliver to the Representative, without charge, such number of electronic copies thereof as the Representative may reasonably
request.

18

(g) Permitted Free
Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents and agrees that it has not made and, unless it obtains the prior consent of the
Representative, will not make, any offer relating to the Offered Securities that would constitute a free writing
prospectus as defined in Rule 405 of the Rules and Regulations, required to be filed with the Commission or retained by the
Company under Rule 433 of the Rules and Regulations; provided that the prior written consent of the Representative hereto
shall be deemed to have been given in respect of the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses included in Schedule I hereto. Any such
free writing prospectus consented to by the Representative is herein referred to as a Permitted Free Writing
Prospectus. The Company agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing
Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of
Rules 164 and 433 of the Act applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the
Commission, legending and record keeping. If at any time following the issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurs an
event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus would conflict with the information contained in the
Registration Statement relating to the Offered Securities or would include an untrue statement of material fact or would omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent
time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Representative and will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense,
such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement, or omission. The Company represents
that it has satisfied and agrees that it will satisfy the conditions in Rule 433 to avoid a requirement to file with the Commission
any electronic road show.

(h) Compliance with
Blue Sky Laws. Prior to any public offering of the Securities by the Underwriters, the Company shall cooperate with the
Representative and counsel to the Underwriters in connection with the registration or qualification (or the obtaining of exemptions
from the application thereof) of the Offered Securities for offer and sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such
jurisdictions as the Representative may request limitation, provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be
obligated to qualify a public offering outside the United States or to do business as a foreign corporation in any jurisdiction
where it is not now so qualified, to qualify or register as a dealer in securities, to take any action which would subject it to
general service of process in any jurisdiction where it is not now so subject or subject itself to ongoing taxation in respect of
doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not so subject.

(i) Delivery of
Financial Statements. During the period of five (5) years commencing on the effective date of the Registration Statement
applicable to the Underwriters, the Company shall furnish to the Representative and each other Underwriter who may so request copies
of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company may from time to time distribute generally to the
holders of any class of its capital stock, and will furnish to the Representative and each other Underwriter who may so request a
copy of each annual or other report it shall be required to file with the Commission; provided, however, that the availability of
electronically transmitted copies filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR shall satisfy the Companys obligation to
furnish copies hereunder.

(j) Availability of
Earnings Statements. The Company shall make generally available to holders of its securities as soon as may be practicable but
in no event later than the last day of the fifteenth (15th) full calendar month following the calendar quarter in which the most
recent effective date occurs in accordance with Rule 158 of the Rules and Regulations, an earnings statement (which need not be
audited but shall be in reasonable detail) for a period of twelve (12) months ended commencing after the effective date, and
satisfying the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Act (including Rule 158 of the Rules and Regulations).

19

(k) Consideration;
Payment of Expenses.

(i) As
compensation for services rendered, and provided that any of the Offered Securities are sold to the Underwriters in the Offering, at the
closing of the Offering, the Company shall pay to the Underwriters or their respective designees their pro rata portion (based on the
Offered Securities purchased in the Offering) an underwriting discount equal to six and a half percent (6.5%) of the aggregate gross proceeds
raised in the Offering.

(ii) The
Company agrees that if the Offered Securities are sold in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, for a period of nine (9) months
from the Closing Date, the Company shall grant Representative the right of first refusal to act as managing underwriter and
book runner, placement agent, or sales agent of the Company (or any successor or subsidiary of the Company), for any and all future public
or private equity, equity linked or debt (excluding commercial bank debt) financing transactions for which the Company (or any successor
or subsidiary of the Company) retains the service of an underwriter, placement agent, or sales agent in connection with such financing,
in each case with minimum economics to the Representative of seventy percent (70%). Such offer must be made in writing in order to be
effective. The Representative shall notify the Company within ten (10) business days of its receipt of the written offer contemplated
above as to whether or not it agrees to accept such retention.

(iii) The
Representative shall be entitled to (i) a cash transaction fee equal to six and a half percent (6.5%) and (ii) Underwriters Warrants
in an amount equal to five percent (5%), with respect to any financing of equity, equity-linked, convertible or other capital-raising
activity (Tail Financing) to the extent such financing or capital is provided to the Company by any of the investors
contacted or introduced by the Underwriters to the Company, other than Excluded Investors, during the term of this Agreement if such Tail
Financing is consummated at a time within the nine (9) month period following the Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, provided that
Maxim shall provide the Company with a list of such contacted and introduced investors no later than five (5) business days following
the Closing, and, provided further, that failure by Maxim to provide such list does not constitute a waiver by Maxim of any cash, Underwriters
Warrants, or other consideration otherwise due to Maxim as a result of a Tail Financing, provided, however, that the Companys obligation
to pay Maxim such consideration shall be tolled until such list is provided to the Company. Excluded Investors means
Streeterville Capital, LLC, East West Capital, LLC, Braebeacon Holdings Inc., any officers directors or existing shareholders of the Company,
any Affiliates of the foregoing, any joint venture or strategic partner of the Company or its subsidiaries, any party (or prospective
party) to an acquisition, amalgamation or merger with the Company or its subsidiaries.

(iv) The
Representative reserves the right to reduce any item of compensation or adjust the terms thereof as specified herein in the event that
a determination shall be made by FINRA to the effect that the Underwriters aggregate compensation is in excess of FINRA rules or
that the terms thereof require adjustment.

20

(v) Whether
or not the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus are consummated or this Agreement
is terminated, the Company hereby agrees to pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder, including the following:

(1) all
expenses in connection with the preparation, printing, formatting for EDGAR and filing of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus and any and all exhibits, amendments and supplements thereto and the mailing and delivering of copies thereof
to the Underwriters and dealers;

(2) all
filing fees in connection with filings with FINRAs Public Offering System;

(3) all
fees, disbursements and expenses of the Companys counsel, accountants and other agents and representatives in connection with the
registration of the Securities under the Act and the Offering;

(4) all
expenses in connection with the qualifications of the Securities for offering and sale under state or foreign securities or blue sky laws
(including, without limitation, all filing and registration fees);

(5) all
fees and expenses in connection with listing the Securities on a national securities exchange;

(6) all
expenses, including travel and lodging expenses, of the Companys officers, directors and employees and any other expense of the
Company incurred in connection with attending or hosting meetings with prospective purchasers of the Securities and any fees and expenses
associated with the i-Deal system and NetRoadshow, provided, however that Maxim shall not cause the Company to incur expenses associated
with the i-Deal system and NetRoadshow in excess of $100,000;

(7) any
stock transfer taxes or other taxes incurred in connection with this Agreement or the offering, including any stock transfer taxes payable
upon the transfer of securities to the Underwriters;

(8) the
costs associated with preparing, printing and delivering certificates representing the Securities;

(9) the
cost and charges of any transfer agent or registrar for the Securities; and

(10) subject
to the following proviso and Section 4(m), the actual and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Underwriters in connection
with the performance of their obligations under this Agreement (including the reasonable legal fees and expenses of the Underwriters
legal counsel incurred in connection with the Offering contemplated hereby and including any fees or expenses incurred in accordance with
Section 4(l)(iv)(6) above) and as allowed under FINRA Rule 5110, up to an aggregate of $100,000 (the Underwriters Reimbursement);
provided, however, that except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 4(l) or Section 4(m) hereof, the Underwriters
will pay all of their own costs and expenses, including the fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters.

21

(vi) As
compensation for services rendered, and provided that any of the Offered Securities are sold to the Underwriters in the Offering, at the
closing of the Offering, the Company shall deliver to the Underwriters or their respective designees the Underwriters Warrants.

(l) Reimbursement
of Expenses upon Termination of Agreement. If this Agreement shall be terminated by the Company pursuant
to any of the provisions hereof or if for any reason the Company shall be unable to perform its obligations or to fulfill any conditions
hereunder, or if the Underwriters shall terminate this Agreement pursuant to any of the provisions hereof, the amount of the Underwriters
Reimbursement shall not exceed $20,000. Any amount payable to the Underwriters pursuant to this Section 4(l) shall be remitted to the
Representative by the Company within ten (10) days following the termination of this Agreement.

(m) No
Stabilization or Manipulation. The Company shall not at any time, directly or indirectly, take any action
intended to cause or result in, or which might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, or which will constitute, stabilization or
manipulation, under the Act or otherwise, of the price of the Offered Securities to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Offered
Securities.

(n) Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the offering and sale of the Offered Securities
to be sold by the Company in the manner set forth in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under Use of Proceeds
and shall file such reports with the Commission with respect to the sale of the Offered Securities and the application of the proceeds
therefrom as may be required in accordance with Rule 463 under the Act.

(o) Lock-Up Agreements
of Company, Management and Affiliates. The Company shall not, for a period of sixty (60) days after the Closing Date (the
Lock-Up Period), without the prior written consent of Maxim (which consent may be withheld in its sole
discretion), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to
sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, or file
with the Commission a registration statement under the Act to register, any Shares, warrants, or any securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for Shares, other than registration statements covering the resale of any Common Shares or other
securities outstanding on the date hereof or any Shares or other securities issuable in settlement of outstanding payables, loans or
other obligations of the Company outstanding on the date hereof, provided such outstanding payables, loans or other obligations, and
the documents governing such outstanding payables, loans or other obligations, have not been amended after the date of this
Agreement, or (2) enter into any swap or other derivatives transaction that transfers to another, in whole or in part, directly or
indirectly, any of the economic benefits or risks of ownership of Shares, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or
(2) above is to be settled by delivery of Shares or other securities, in cash or otherwise, or publicly disclose the intention to
enter into any transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above. The foregoing sentence shall not apply to (A) the Securities to be
sold hereunder, (B) any Shares issued pursuant to a trading plan established prior to the date hereof pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 of the
Exchange Act, (C) the issuance of Shares upon the exercise or conversion of options, warrants, convertible debt or other convertible
securities outstanding, and as in effect, on the date of this Agreement, (D) any Shares, dividend equivalent rights or other equity
based awards issued, or options to purchase Shares granted, pursuant to any employee benefit plans of the Company referred to in the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or subsequently approved by the board of directors of the
Company (including the filing of a registration statement on Form S-8 relating to such employee benefit plans of the Company), (E)
securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or
exchangeable for or convertible into Common Shares issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such
securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the
exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations)
or to extend the term of such securities, and (F) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions (including,
without limitation, joint venture, co-marketing, co-development or other collaboration agreements) approved by a majority of the
disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined
in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection
therewith during the Lock-Up Period, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a
Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with
the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall
not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity
whose primary business is investing in securities. The Company has caused each of its officers and directors to enter into
agreements with the Representative in the form set forth in Exhibit A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lock-Up Period with
respect to any transaction of the type described in this subparagraph between the Company and Streeterville Capital, LLC or any of
its Affiliates shall be forty-five (45) days following the Closing Date.

22

(p) Lock-Up
Releases. If Maxim, in its sole discretion, agrees to release or waive the restrictions set forth in a lock-up
agreement described in Section 4(o) hereof for an officer or director of the Company and provides the Company with notice of the
impending release or waiver at least three (3) business days before the effective date of the release or waiver, the Company agrees
to announce the impending release or waiver by a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto through a
major news service at least two (2) business days before the effective date of such release or waiver, or any other method that
satisfies the obligations described in FINRA Rule 5131(d)(2) at least two (2) business days before the effective date of the release
or waiver.

(q) Nasdaq
listing. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to effect and maintain the listing of the Common Shares on the
Nasdaq Capital Market for at least three (3) years after the Closing Date.

(r) Effectiveness.
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and a current Prospectus
relating thereto for as long as the Warrants remain outstanding. During any period when the Company fails to have maintained an effective
Registration Statement or a current Prospectus relating thereto and a holder of a Warrant desires to exercise such warrant and, in the
opinion of counsel to the holder, Rule 144 is not available as an exemption from registration for the resale of the Warrant Shares, the
Company shall promptly file a registration statement registering the resale of the Common Shares underlying such Warrants and use its
reasonable best efforts to have it declared effective by the Commission within thirty (30) days.

(s) Variable Rate
Transactions. From the date hereof through and including the sixty (60) calendar day anniversary of the Closing Date, neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary shall enter into, announce the entering into, or proposed entering into, a Variable Rate Transaction.
For purposes hereof, a Variable Rate Transaction shall mean, collectively, an Equity Line of
Credit or similar agreement, or a Variable Priced Equity Linked Instrument. For purposes hereof, Equity Line of
Credit means any transaction involving a written agreement between the Company and an investor or underwriter whereby the
Company has the right to put its securities to the investor or underwriter over an agreed period of time and at future
determined price or price formula (other than customary preemptive or participation rights or
weighted average or full-ratchet anti-dilution provisions or in connection with fixed-price rights
offerings and similar transactions that are not Variable Priced Equity Linked Instruments), and Variable Priced Equity
Linked Instruments means: (A) any debt or equity securities which are convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for,
or carry the right to receive additional Shares either (1) at any conversion, exercise or exchange rate or other price that is based
upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for Shares at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity
security, or (2) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset on more than one occasion at some
future date at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security due to a change in the market price of the Common
Shares since date of initial issuance (other than customary preemptive or participation rights or
weighted average or full-ratchet anti-dilution provisions or in connection with fixed-price rights
offerings and similar transactions), and (B) any amortizing convertible security which amortizes prior to its maturity date, where
the Company is required or has the option to (or any investor in such transaction has the option to require the Company to) make
such amortization payments in Shares which are valued at a price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or
quotations for Shares at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security (whether or not such payments in stock
are subject to certain equity conditions). For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not prevent the Company from conducting
at-the-market offerings or similar equity distribution programs after the expiration of the Lock-Up Period.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall be permitted to enter into, announce the entering into, or propose entering into,
any Variable Rate Transaction with Streeterville Capital, LLC or any of its Affiliates at any time following the forty-five (45) day
anniversary of the Closing Date

23

5. Conditions
of the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligation of the Underwriters to purchase the Firm Securities on the Closing Date or
the Option Securities on the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, as provided herein is subject to the accuracy of the representations
and warranties of the Company, the performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder and to the following additional
conditions:

(a) Post Effective
Amendments and Prospectus Filings. Notification that the Registration Statement has become effective shall be received by the
Representative not later than 4:30 p.m., New York City time, on the date of this Agreement or at such later date and time as shall
be consented to in writing by the Representative and all filings made pursuant to Rules 424, 430A, or 430B of the Rules and
Regulations, as applicable, shall have been made or will be made prior to the Closing Date in accordance with all such applicable
rules.

(b) No Stop Orders,
Requests for Information and No Amendments. (i) No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall
have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall be pending or are, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by the
Commission, (ii) no order suspending the qualification or registration of the Offered Securities under the securities or Blue Sky
laws of any jurisdiction shall be in effect and no proceeding for such purpose shall be pending before or threatened or contemplated
by the authorities of any such jurisdiction, (iii) any request for additional information on the part of the staff of the Commission
or any such authorities shall have been complied with to the satisfaction of the staff of the Commission or such authorities and
(iv) after the date hereof no amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall have been filed unless a
copy thereof was first submitted to the Representative and the Representative did not object thereto in good faith, and the
Representative shall have received certificates, dated the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date and signed by the Chief
Executive Officer or the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company in their capacities as
such, and not individually, (who may, as to proceedings threatened, certify to their knowledge), to the effect of clauses (i), (ii)
and (iii).

(c) No Material
Adverse Changes. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (i) there shall not have been a
Material Adverse Change, (ii) the Company shall not have incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent,
(iii) the Company shall not have entered into any material transactions not in the ordinary course of business other than pursuant
to this Agreement and the transactions referred to herein, (iv) the Company shall not have issued any securities (other than the
Securities or the Common Shares issued in the ordinary course of business pursuant to existing employee benefit plans of the Company
referred to in the Registration Statement, General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus) or declared or paid any dividend or made
any distribution in respect of its capital stock of any class or debt (long-term or short-term), and (v) no material amount of the
assets of the Company shall have been pledged, mortgaged or otherwise encumbered.

(d) No Actions, Suits
or Proceedings. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there shall have been no actions, suits or proceedings instituted, or to the Companys
knowledge, threatened against or affecting, the Company or its subsidiaries or any of their respective officers in their capacity as
such, before or by any federal, state or local court, commission, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental body,
domestic or foreign.

24

(e) All Representations
True and Correct and All Conditions Fulfilled. Each of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall
be true and correct as of the date of the Agreement and at the Closing Date as if made at the Closing Date and any Option Closing
Date, as the case may be, and all covenants and agreements contained herein to be performed by the Company and all conditions
contained herein to be fulfilled or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, shall
have been duly performed, fulfilled or complied with.

(f) Opinions of Counsel
to the Company. The Underwriters shall have received an opinion and negative assurance letter from Norton Rose Fulbright (US)
LLP, as United States corporate/securities counsel, and opinion from McMillan LLP, as Canadian legal counsel, each dated the Closing
Date and any Option Closing Date, as the case may be, each reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and
counsel for the Underwriters.

(g) Opinion of Counsel
to the Underwriters. The Representative shall have received an opinion, dated the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, as
the case may be, from Thompson Hine LLP, securities counsel to the Underwriters, with respect to the Registration Statement, the
Prospectus and this Agreement, which opinions shall be satisfactory in all respects to the Representative.

(h) Accountants
Comfort Letter. On the date of the Prospectus, the Representative shall have received from the Accountants a letter dated the
date of its delivery, addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative and counsel
to the Underwriters, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants comfort
letters to underwriters, delivered according to Statement of Auditing Standards No. 72 (or any successor bulletin), with
respect to the audited and unaudited financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus. At the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the Representative shall have received from
the Accountants a letter dated such date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative and counsel to the
Underwriters, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished by them pursuant to the preceding
sentence and have conducted additional procedures with respect to certain financial figures included in the Prospectus, except that
the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no more than three (3) business days prior to the
Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, as the case may be.

(i) Officers
Certificates. At the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, there shall be furnished to the Representative an accurate
certificate, dated the date of its delivery, signed by each of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, in their capacities as such, and not individually, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative and counsel to
the Underwriters, to the effect that:

(i) each
signer of such certificate has carefully examined the Registration Statement and the Prospectus;

(ii) there
has not been a Material Adverse Change; and

(iii) with
respect to the matters set forth in Sections 5(b)(i) and 5(e).

(j) [RESERVED]

(k) Transfer
Agents Certificate. The Companys transfer agent shall have furnished or caused to be furnished to the
Representative a certificate satisfactory to the Representative of one of its authorized officers with respect to the issuance of
the Common Shares and Warrants and such other customary matters related thereto as the Representative may reasonably request.

25

(l) Eligible for DTC
Clearance. At or prior to the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Common Shares shall be eligible for clearance and
settlement through the facilities of the DTC.

(m) Lock-Up
Agreements. At the date of this Agreement, the Representative shall have received the executed lock-up agreements
referred to in Section 4(o) hereof from the Companys officers and directors.

(n) Compliance with
Blue Sky Laws. The Securities shall be qualified for sale in such states and jurisdictions in the United States as the
Representative may reasonably request, and each such qualification shall be in effect and not subject to any stop order or other
proceeding on the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date.

(o) Stock Exchange
Listing. The Company shall have filed a Listing of Additional Shares notification with the Nasdaq Capital Market prior to the
date hereof covering the Securities.

(p) Exchange Act
Registration. One or more registration statements in respect of the Common Shares have been filed on Form 8-A pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, each of which registration statement complies in all material respects with the Exchange Act.

(q) Good Standing.
At the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Representative satisfactory evidence of the
good standing of the Company and its subsidiaries in their respective jurisdictions of organization (to the extent the concept of
good standing or such equivalent concept exists under the laws of the applicable jurisdictions) and their good
standing as foreign entities in such other jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably request, in each case in writing or
any standard form of telecommunication from the appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdictions. If the applicable
jurisdiction does not have a concept of good standing, the Company will furnish evidence in writing or any standard
form of telecommunication from the appropriate governmental authorities that the relevant company was duly incorporated and remains
duly registered in the jurisdiction of its incorporation.

(r) Company
Certificates. The Company shall have furnished to the Representative such certificates, in addition to those specifically
mentioned herein, as the Representative may have reasonably requested as to the accuracy and completeness at the Closing Date and
any Option Closing Date of any statement in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as to the
accuracy at the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company herein, as to the
performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, or as to the fulfillment of the conditions concurrent and precedent to the
obligations hereunder of the Underwriters.

(s) No Objection.
FINRA has confirmed that it has not raised any objection with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the underwriting terms
and arrangements relating to the offering of the Offered Securities.

26

If any of the conditions hereinabove
provided for in this Section 5 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement to be fulfilled, the obligations of
the Underwriters hereunder may be terminated by the Representative by notifying the Company of such termination in writing at or prior
to the Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, as the case may be.

6. Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification of
the Underwriters. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates, the directors, officers,
employees and agents of such Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of
the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including
any and all investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of,
any action, suit or proceeding between any of the indemnified parties and any indemnifying parties or between any indemnified party
and any third party, or otherwise, or any claim asserted), to which they, or any of them, may become subject under the Act, the
Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims,
liabilities, expenses or damages arise out of or are based on (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the information deemed to be a part of the
Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness and at any subsequent time pursuant to Rules 430A and 430B of the Rules and
Regulations, as applicable, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in any preliminary prospectus, any preliminary prospectus supplement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus
(or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing) or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or (iii) any
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any materials or information provided to investors by,
or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the offering of the Securities, including any roadshow or
investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically) (collectively, Marketing
Materials) or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or (iv) in whole or in part any inaccuracy in
any material respect in the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be liable to the extent that such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage is based on any untrue statement or omission
or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance on and in conformity with Underwriters Information. This indemnity
agreement will be in addition to any liability that the Company might otherwise have.

(b) Indemnification of
the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, the
directors, officers, employees and agents of the Company and each other person or entity, if any, who controls the Company within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any losses, liabilities, claims, damages and
expenses whatsoever, as incurred (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys fees and any and all reasonable expenses
whatsoever, incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim
whatsoever, and any and all amounts paid in settlement of any claim or litigation), joint or several, to which they or any of them
may become subject under the Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses
(or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in the Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness and at any subsequent time pursuant to Rules 430A and 430B of
the Rules and Regulations, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement to any of them, or arise out
of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that any such loss, liability,
claim, damage or expense (or action in respect thereof) arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon written information provided by the Underwriter to the
Company; provided, however, that in no case shall any Underwriter be liable or responsible for any amount in excess of the
underwriting discount and commissions applicable to the Offered Securities purchased by such Underwriter hereunder.

27

(c) Indemnification
Procedures. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 6 shall, promptly after
receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying
party or parties under this Section 6, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy
of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party shall not relieve the indemnifying party from any
liability that it may have to any indemnified party under the foregoing provisions of this Section 6 unless, and only to the
extent that, such omission results in the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action
is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be
entitled to participate in and, to the extent that it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after
receiving notice of the commencement of the action from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly
notified, to assume the defense of the action, with counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the
indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the
indemnified party for any legal or other expenses except as provided below and except for the reasonable out-of-pocket costs of
investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense. The indemnified party will have the
right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will be at the expense
of such indemnified party unless (i) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party has been authorized in writing by one of the
indemnifying parties in connection with the defense of such action, (ii) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on
advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in
addition to those available to the indemnifying party, (iii) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded that a conflict or
potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying
party (in which case the indemnifying party shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the
indemnified party), (iv) the indemnifying party does not diligently defend the action after assumption of the defense, or (v) the
indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to assume the defense of such action
within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action, in each of which cases the reasonable fees,
disbursements and other charges of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party or parties. It is understood that the
indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be
liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one separate firm admitted to practice in such
jurisdiction at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All such fees, disbursements and other charges shall be
reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly as they are incurred. An indemnifying party shall not be liable for any settlement of
any action or claim effected without its written consent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). No
indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry
of any judgment in any pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 6
(whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto), unless (x) such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an
unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising or that may arise out of such claim, action or proceeding
and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any
indemnified party, and (y) the indemnifying party confirms in writing its indemnification obligations hereunder with respect to such
settlement, compromise or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an
indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall
be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 6(a) effected without its written consent if (A) such settlement
is entered into more than forty-five (45) days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (B) such
indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least thirty (30) days prior to such settlement
being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such
request prior to the date of such settlement.

28

(d) Contribution.
In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in the foregoing
paragraphs of this Section 6 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable, the
Company and the Underwriters shall contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including any
investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action,
suit or proceeding or any claim asserted, but after deducting any contribution received by the Company from persons other than the
Underwriters, such as persons who control the Company within the meaning of the Act, officers of the Company who signed the
Registration Statement and directors of the Company, who may also be liable for contribution), to which the Company and the
Underwriter may be subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on
the one hand and the Underwriters on the other from the offering of the Offered Securities pursuant to this Agreement. The relative
benefits received by the Company and the Underwriters shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as (x) the total proceeds from
the Offering (net of underwriting discount and commissions but before deducting expenses) received by the Company bears to (y) the
underwriting discount and commissions received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover page of the
Prospectus. If, but only if, the allocation provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of
contribution shall be made in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the
foregoing sentence but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to
the statements or omissions which resulted in such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well
as any other relevant equitable considerations with respect to such offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference
to whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact
relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access
to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it
would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 6(d) were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by
any other method of allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) which does not take into
account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss,
claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 6(d) shall be deemed to
include, for purpose of this Section 6(d), any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection
with investigating or defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6(d), no Underwriter shall
be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting discounts and commissions received by it. No person found guilty
of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person
who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 6(d), any person who controls a party to this
Agreement within the meaning of the Act will have the same rights to contribution as that party, and each officer of the Company who
signed the Registration Statement will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, and each director, officer, employee,
counsel or agent of an Underwriter will have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, subject in each case to the
provisions hereof. Any party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such
party in respect of which a claim for contribution may be made under this Section 6(d), will notify any such party or parties from
whom contribution may be sought, but the omission so to notify will not relieve the party or parties from whom contribution may be
sought from any other obligation it or they may have under this Section 6(d). The obligations of the Underwriters to contribute
pursuant to this Section 6(d) are several in proportion to the respective number of Offered Securities to be purchased by each of
the Underwriters hereunder and not joint. No party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled
without its written consent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld).

(e) Survival. The indemnity
and contribution agreements contained in this Section 6 and the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this
Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter
or any controlling Person thereof, (ii) acceptance of any of the Securities and payment therefor or (iii) any termination of this Agreement.

29

7. Termination.
The obligations of the Underwriters under this Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing Date (or, with respect to
the Option Securities, on or prior to the Option Closing Date), by notice to the Company from the Representative, without liability on
the part of the Underwriters to the Company, if, prior to delivery and payment for the Firm Securities (or the Option Securities, as the
case may be), in the sole judgment of the Representative, any of the following shall occur:

(a) trading
or quotation in any of the equity securities of the Company shall have been suspended or limited by the Commission, The Nasdaq Stock Market
or by an exchange or otherwise;

(b) trading
in securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq
Global Select Market shall have been suspended or limited or minimum or maximum prices shall have been generally established on such exchange,
or additional material governmental restrictions, not in force on the date of this Agreement, shall have been imposed upon trading in
securities generally by such exchange or by order of the Commission or any court or other governmental authority;

(c) a
general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any of U.S. federal, New York authorities;

(d) the
United States shall have become engaged in new hostilities, there shall have been an escalation in hostilities involving the United States
or there shall have been a declaration of a national emergency or war by the United States or there shall have occurred such a material
adverse change in general economic, political or financial conditions, including, without limitation, as a result of terrorist activities
after the date hereof (or the effect of international conditions on the financial markets in the United States shall be such), or any
other calamity or crisis shall have occurred, the effect of any of which is such as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to market
the Offered Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated by the Prospectus;

(e) the
Company shall have sustained a loss material or substantial to the Company by reason of flood, fire, accident, hurricane, earthquake,
theft, sabotage, or other calamity or malicious act, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, the effect of any of which is such
as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to market the Offered Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated by the Prospectus;
or

(f) there
shall have been a Material Adverse Change.

8. Underwriter
Default.

(a) If
any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligation to purchase Firm Securities hereunder, and if the Securities
with respect to which such default relates (the Default Securities) do not (after giving effect to arrangements,
if any, made by the Representative pursuant to subsection (b) below) exceed in the aggregate ten percent (10%) of the number of the Firm
Securities, each non-defaulting Underwriter, acting severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase from the Company that number of Default
Securities that bears the same proportion to the total number of Default Securities then being purchased as the number of Firm Securities
set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter on Schedule A hereto bears to the aggregate number of Firm Securities set forth
opposite the names of the non-defaulting Underwriters; subject, however, to such adjustments to eliminate fractional shares as the Representative
in its discretion shall make.

30

(b) In
the event that the aggregate number of Default Securities exceeds ten percent (10%) of the number of Firm Securities, the Representatives
may in their discretion arrange for themselves or for another party or parties (including any non-defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters
who so agree) to purchase the Default Securities on the terms contained herein. In the event that within five (5) calendar days after
such a default the Representative does not arrange for the purchase of the Default Securities as provided in this Section 8, this Agreement
shall thereupon terminate, without liability on the part of the Company with respect thereto (except in each case as provided in Sections
4(k), 6 and 8) or the Underwriters, but nothing in this Agreement shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters of its or their
liability, if any, to the other Underwriters and the Company for damages occasioned by its or their default hereunder.

(c) In
the event that any Default Securities are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party
or parties as aforesaid, the Representatives or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date for a period, not exceeding
five (5) business days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby be necessary in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or
in any other documents and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement
or the Prospectus which, in the reasonable opinion of Underwriters Counsel, may be necessary or advisable. The term Underwriter
as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 8 with like effect as if it had originally been a party
to this Agreement with respect to such Firm Securities.

9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices. Notice
given pursuant to any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified, shall be mailed, hand
delivered or telecopied (a) if to the Company, at the office of the Company, 704 Alexander Street, Vancouver, British Columbia,
Canada, V6A 1E3, telephone number: (888) 227-8066, Attention: Dominique Kwong, or (b) if to the Representative or any Underwriter,
to Maxim Group LLC, 300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, New York 10022, Attention: Legal Department, telecopy number: (212)
895-3555. Any such notice shall be effective only upon receipt. Any notice under Section 6 hereof may be made by telecopy or
telephone, but if so made shall be subsequently confirmed in writing.

(b) No Third Party
Beneficiaries. This Agreement has been and is made solely for the benefit of the Underwriters, the Company and, with respect to
Section 6, the controlling persons, directors, officers, employees, counsel and agents referred to in Section 6 hereof, and
their respective successors and assigns, and no other person shall acquire or have any right under or by virtue of this Agreement.
The term successors and assigns as used in this Agreement shall not include a purchaser of Securities from any
Underwriter in his, her or its capacity as such a purchaser, as such purchaser of Securities from such Underwriter.

(c) Survival of
Representations and Warranties. All representations, warranties and agreements of the Company contained herein or in
certificates or other instruments delivered pursuant hereto shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any
investigation made by or on behalf of the Underwriters or any of their controlling persons and shall survive delivery of and payment
for the Securities hereunder.

31

(d) Disclaimer of
Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purchase and sale of the Offered Securities pursuant to
this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Offered Securities and any related discounts and
commissions, is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the
other hand, (ii) in connection with the Offering contemplated by this Agreement and the process leading to such transaction, the
Underwriters are and have been acting pursuant to a contractual relationship created solely by this Agreement and are not agents or
fiduciaries of the Company or its securityholders, creditors, employees or any other party, (iii) no Underwriter has assumed nor
will it assume any advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering of the Securities
contemplated by this Agreement or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter or its affiliates has
advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and each such Underwriter has no obligation to the Company with
respect to the offering of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement except the obligations expressly set forth in this
Agreement, (iv) the Underwriters and their affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that
differ from those of the Company, and (v) no Underwriter has provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect
to the Offering contemplated by this Agreement and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors
to the extent it deemed appropriate.

(e) Governing Law.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE
AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE.

(f) Submission to
Jurisdiction. The Company irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or United States federal
court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, the Registration Statement, or the offering of the Securities. The Company
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue
of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in
such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. To the extent that the Company has or hereafter may acquire any immunity (on
the grounds of sovereignty or otherwise) from the jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process with respect to itself or its
property, the Company irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such immunity in respect of any such suit, action
or proceeding including without limitation, any immunity pursuant to the U.S. Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976, as amended.
Each of the Underwriters and the Company further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served
in any such suit, action or proceeding in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, or in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York and agrees that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail or
delivered by Federal Express via overnight delivery to the Companys address shall be deemed in every respect effective
service of process upon the Company in any such suit, action or proceeding, and service of process upon an Underwriter mailed by
certified mail or delivered by Federal Express via overnight delivery to the Underwriters address shall be deemed in every
respect effective service of process upon such Underwriter in any such suit, action or proceeding.

32

(g) Judgment
Currency. If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder into any
currency other than United States dollars, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that the rate of
exchange used shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Underwriters could purchase United States
dollars with such other currency in The City of New York on the business day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The
obligation of the Company with respect to any sum due from it to an Underwriter or any person controlling such Underwriter shall,
notwithstanding any judgment in a currency other than United States dollars, not be discharged until the first business day
following receipt by such Underwriter or controlling person of any sum in such other currency, and only to the extent that such
Underwriter or controlling person may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase United States dollars with such other
currency. If the United States dollars so purchased are less than the sum originally due to such Underwriter or controlling person
hereunder, the Company agrees as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Underwriter or
controlling person against such loss. If the United States dollars so purchased are greater than the sum originally due to such
Underwriter or controlling person hereunder, such Underwriter or controlling person agrees to pay to the Company an amount equal to
the excess of the dollars so purchased over the sum originally due to such Underwriter or controlling person hereunder.

(h) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be signed in two or more counterparts with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the
same instrument.

(i) Survival of
Provisions Upon Invalidity of Any Single Provision. In case any provision in this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired
thereby.

(j) Waiver of Jury
Trial. The Company and each Underwriter each hereby irrevocably waive any right they may have to a trial by jury in respect of
any claim based upon or arising out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(k) Titles and
Subtitles. The titles of the sections and subsections of this Agreement are for convenience and reference only and are not to be
considered in construing this Agreement.

(l) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be amended or otherwise modified or any
provision hereof waived except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto.

[Signature page follows]

33

If the foregoing correctly
sets forth your understanding, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute
a binding agreement among us.

Very truly yours, 

DAMON INC. 

By: /s/ Dominique Kwong 

Name: Dominique Kwong 

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer 

Accepted by the Representatives, acting for themselves and as Representatives of the Underwriters named on Schedule A hereto, as of the date first written above: 

MAXIM GROUP LLC 

By: /s/ Ritesh M. Veera 

Name: Ritesh M. Veera 

Title: Co-Head of Investment Banking 

SCHEDULE A

Name of Underwriter Number of Common Units

Being Purchased 

Maxim Group LLC 126,900,000 

Total 

Schedule I

ISSUER FREE WRITING PROSPECTUSES:

Schedule II

1. The public offering price per Common Unit shall be $0.13.

2. The Company is selling 126,900,000 Common Units.

3. The Company has granted an option to the Representative, on behalf of the Underwriters, to purchase up
to an additional 19,035,000 Shares and/or 19,035,000 Warrants.

S-I-1

EXHIBIT A

LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

[___], 2025

Maxim Group LLC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor

New York, New York 10022

Re: DAMON INC.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

As an inducement to Maxim
Group LLC, as representative of the underwriters (the Representative), to execute an underwriting agreement
(the Underwriting Agreement) with Damon Inc., a British Columbia corporation (the Company),
providing for a public offering (the Offering) of units of the Company (the Units),
consisting of common shares of the Company, without par value (the Shares), and common share purchase warrants
of the Company (the Warrants, and collectively with the Shares and the Units, the Securities),
the undersigned hereby agrees that without, in each case, the prior written consent of the Representative, during the period specified
in the second succeeding paragraph (the Lock-Up Period), the undersigned will not (1) offer, pledge, announce
the intention to sell, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant
any option, right or warrant to purchase, make any short sale or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Shares
or any securities convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for or that represent the right to receive Shares (including, without
limitation, Shares which may be deemed to be beneficially owned by the undersigned in accordance with the rules and regulations of the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and securities which may be issued upon exercise of a stock
option or warrant) whether now owned or hereafter acquired (the Undersigneds Securities) or (2) enter
into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Undersigneds
Securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Shares or such other securities,
in cash or otherwise. The foregoing restriction is expressly agreed to preclude the undersigned from engaging in any hedging or other
transaction which is designed to or which reasonably could be expected to lead to or result in a sale or disposition of the Undersigneds
Securities even if such Undersigneds Securities would be disposed of by someone other than the undersigned. Such prohibited hedging
or other transactions would include, without limitation, any short sale or any purchase, sale or grant of any right (including, without
limitation, any put or call option) with respect to any of the Undersigneds Securities or with respect to any security that includes,
relates to, or derives any significant part of its value from such Undersigneds Securities.

In addition, the undersigned
agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Representative, it will not, during the Lock-Up Period, make any demand for or exercise
any right with respect to, the registration of any Shares or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Shares other
than as contemplated in the registration statement relating to the Offering.

A-1

The Lock-Up Period shall mean
the period commencing on the date of this Lock-Up Agreement and continue and include the date sixty (60) days after the date of the final
prospectus used to sell the Securities in the Offering pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the undersigned may transfer the Undersigneds Securities (i) to a Permitted Transferee, (ii) as a bona fide gift or gifts,
(iii) to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of the undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned, (iv) by virtue of
the laws of descent and distribution upon death of the undersigned, or (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order. As used in
this Lock-Up Agreement, the term Permitted Transferee shall mean, if the undersigned is a corporation, company, business
trust, association, limited liability company, partnership, limited liability partnership or other entity (collectively, the Entities
or, individually, the Entity), to any person or Entity which controls, is directly or indirectly controlled
by, or is under common control with the undersigned and, if the undersigned is a partnership or limited liability company, to its partners,
former partners or an affiliated partnership (or members, former members or an affiliated limited liability company) managed by the same
manager or managing partner (or managing member, as the case may be) or management company, or managed by an entity controlling, controlled
by, or under common control with, such manager or managing partner (or managing member) or management company in accordance with partnership
(or membership) interests; provided, in the case of clauses (i) through (v), that the transferee agrees in writing with the Representative
to be bound by the terms of this Lock-Up Agreement, and provided, further, that in the case of clauses (i) through (iii), that
no filing by any party in any public report or filing with the SEC shall be required or shall be made voluntarily in connection with such
transfer. For purposes of this Lock-Up Agreement, immediate family shall mean any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption,
not more remote than first cousin. Furthermore, the undersigned may voluntarily forfeit Shares to pay any withholding tax owed by the
undersigned on account of the vesting of such Shares, which may be reported on a Form 4 as such.

In addition, the foregoing
restrictions shall not apply to (i) the exercise of stock options granted pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans; provided,
that such restrictions shall apply to any of the Undersigneds Securities issued upon such exercise, or (ii) the establishment of
any contract, instruction or plan (a Plan) that satisfies all of the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B)
under the Exchange Act; provided, that no sales of the Undersigneds Securities shall be made pursuant to such a Plan
prior to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, and such a Plan may only be established if no public announcement of the establishment
or existence thereof and no filing with the SEC or other regulatory authority in respect thereof or transactions thereunder or contemplated
thereby, by the undersigned, the Company or any other person, shall be required, and no such announcement or filing is made voluntarily,
by the undersigned, the Company or any other person, prior to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period.

In furtherance of the foregoing,
the Company and its transfer agent and registrar are hereby authorized to decline to make any transfer of Shares if such transfer would
constitute a violation or breach of this Lock-Up Agreement.

The undersigned hereby represents
and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Lock-Up Agreement and that, upon request, the undersigned
will execute any additional documents necessary in connection with the enforcement hereof. All authority herein conferred or agreed to
be conferred and any obligations of the undersigned shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs or personal representatives of
the undersigned.

A-2

The undersigned understands
that the undersigned shall be released from all obligations under this Lock-Up Agreement if (i) the Company or the Representative informs
the other that it does not intend to proceed with the Offering, (ii) the Underwriting Agreement does not become effective or if the Underwriting
Agreement (other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery
of the Shares to be sold thereunder, or (iii) the Offering is not completed by [], 2025.

The undersigned understands
that the Representative is entering into the Underwriting Agreement and proceeding with the Offering in reliance upon this Lock-Up Agreement.

This Lock-Up Agreement shall
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

Whether or not the Offering
actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. Any Offering will only be made pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement, the terms of which are subject to negotiation among the parties thereto.

[Signature page follows]

A-3

Very truly yours, 

(Name - Please Print) 

(Signature) 

A-4

EXHIBIT B

Form of Press Release

[ ]

[Date]

Damon Inc., a British Columbia corporation (the
Company), announced today that Maxim Group LLC, the lead book-running manager in the Companys recent public sale
of Company securities, is [waiving][releasing] a lock-up restriction with respect to [___] of the Companys Shares held by [certain
officers or directors][an officer or director] of the Company. The [waiver][release] will take effect on [___], and the Shares may be
sold on or after such date.

This press release is not an offer for sale
of the securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer is prohibited, and such securities may not be offered
or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as
amended.

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dmn-20250320.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dmn-20250320_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dmn-20250320_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 20, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 20, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42190

Entity Registrant Name DAMON
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0002000640

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code A1

Entity Address, Address Line One 704 Alexander Street

Entity Address, City or Town Vancouver

Entity Address, State or Province BC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code V6A 1E3

City Area Code 408

Local Phone Number 702-2167

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Shares

Trading Symbol DMN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://damon.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dmn-20250320.xsd 
dmn-20250320_lab.xml 
dmn-20250320_pre.xml 
ea0235406-8k_damon.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001013762-25-002132-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0235406-8k_damon_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002000640 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002000640 
A1 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-03-20 
DAMON INC. 
001-42190 
704 Alexander Street 
Vancouver 
BC 
V6A 1E3 
408 
702-2167 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares 
DMN 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>