<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-001413.txt : 20250108
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-001413.hdr.sgml : 20250108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250108163615
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-001413
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250108
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VIP Play, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001832161
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS RETAIL [5900]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				850738656
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56290
		FILM NUMBER:		25518981

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-783-9435

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KeyStar Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201112
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000183216100018321612025-01-082025-01-08iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 8, 2025

VIP
Play, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 000-56290 85-0738656

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

1645
Pine Tree Ln, Suite 2, Sarasota, Florida 34236

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (866)783-9435

n/a

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None.

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 8, 2025, VIP Play, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company, us, we
or our) entered into an Amended and Restated Agreement for the Provision of a Sports Betting Solution (the Agreement)
with Sports Information Services Limited, a Malta registered company, a supplier of sports betting solutions to business-to-consumer
operators (Supplier). The Agreement amends, restates and replaces that certain Agreement for the Provision of a
Sports Betting Solution we entered into with Supplier on November 1, 2024 in its entirety. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, Supplier
has agreed to provide certain services (the Services) to us to use through our software platform over which gaming
and betting transactions with our customers are conducted, including back-office software, player account management software, geo-location
software and/or services, e-wallet software and/or services, websites and mobile applications, any underlying operating software, mobile
platforms, or other means of remote communication. The Services are to be provided on a non-transferable, non-sub-licensable and non-exclusive
basis for a term of five years after the first live launch in respect of the business to consumer sports betting activities that we intend
to carry out in certain states, countries or territories.

The
Services to be provided by Supplier pursuant to the Agreement include: (i) the provision and hosting of Suppliers frontend application
in HTML5 for desktop and touch devices, adapted for different screen sizes (e.g. mobile, tablet, desktop), and styling and skinning of
such application, in each case to the extent agreed in writing between us and Supplier; (ii) the provision of the Suppliers standard
sportsbook offering from time to time, which as at the date of this Agreement includes: pre-event and live event betting and markets,
functionality for bet placement and functionality for providing results and enabling bet settlement; (iii) continuous pricing, event
risk management, result settlement and customer risk management; (iv) continuous second line support; and (v) dedicated client account
management and client account support The terms of the Agreement call for two lump sum payments, as well as ongoing business fees calculated
as a percentage of net gaming revenue that will vary based upon yearly gross gaming revenues commencing with the first live launch.

The
above is a summary of the material terms of the Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement,
which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and is incorporated herein by reference. This summary may not contain all of the information
about the Agreement that is important to you. We urge you to read the Agreement in its entirety carefully. 

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1* Amended & Restated Agreement for the Provision of a Sports Betting Solution dated January 8, 2025 by and between VIP Play, Inc. and Sports Information Services Limited

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

*Certain
portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv).

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
January 8, 2025 VIP PLAY, INC.

By: /s/
James Mackey

James
Mackey, CFO

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

This
contract contains Confidential Information, Trade Secrets and Proprietary Information pursuant to Tennessee, Arizona, West Virginia,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Michigan Public Records Law applicable in each jurisdiction.

CERTAIN
IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE
HARM TO THE REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. [****] INDICATES THAT INFORMATION HAS BEEN REDACTED.

(1) SPORTS
INFORMATION SERVICES LIMITED 

(2) VIP
PLAY, INC. 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED AGREEMENT

FOR
THE PROVISION OF A SPORTS BETTING SOLUTION

DATED
8 JANUARY 2025

1

CONTENTS

Clause Page

1. DEFINITIONS
AND INTERPRETATION 3

2. THE
PROVISION OF THE SERVICE 10

3. EXCLUSIVITY 12

4. INTEGRATION
AND LAUNCH OF THE SERVICE 12

5. SUPPLIER
OBLIGATIONS 12

6. OPERATION
OF THE CLIENT GAMING PLATFORM 13

7. CUSTOMER
TERMS AND SPORTS RULES 13

8. DATA
AND CONTENT SERVICES 14

9. WARRANTIES 14

10. COMPLIANCE
AND CHANGE IN LAW 15

11. FEES 17

12. DATA
PROTECTION 17

13. INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY RIGHTS 20

14. LIABILITY 21

15. OPERATIONAL
ISSUES 22

16. INDEMNITIES 23

17. TERM
AND TERMINATION 24

18. CONSEQUENCES
OF TERMINATION 25

19. CONFIDENTIALITY 25

20. AUDIT
AND COOPERATION 26

21. SUSPENSION 27

22. ASSIGNMENT 27

23. NON-SOLICITATION 28

24. FORCE
MAJEURE 28

25. NOTICE 29

26. DISPUTE
RESOLUTION 29

27. GENERAL 30

Schedule
1 Commercial Terms 32

Schedule
2 Service Terms 34

Schedule
3 Additional Services 36

Schedule
4 Service Level Agreement 37

Schedule
5 New Territory Form 41

Schedule
6 New Territory Local Affiliate Form 43

Schedule
7 Appendix to Standard Contractual Clauses 45

2

This
AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT FOR THE PROVISION OF A SPORTS BETTING SOLUTION (this Agreement) is made on the last
date of signature of the Parties below (such date being the Execution Date)

BETWEEN:

(1) SPORTS
INFORMATION SERVICES LIMITED, a company registered in Malta under company registration
number C 58381, whose registered office is at Avenue 77, A4, Triq in-Negozju, Zone 3, Central
Business District, Birkirkara, CBD 3010, Malta (the Supplier); and

(2) VIP
PLAY, INC., a corporation registered in Nevada under entity registration number E6075522020-4,
whose registered office is at 1645 Pine Tree Lane, Suite 2, Sarasota, Florida, 34236, USA
(the Client),

each
a Party and together the Parties.

BACKGROUND:

(A) The
Supplier is a supplier of sports betting solutions to business-to-consumer operators.

(B) The
Client wishes to engage the Supplier to provide such a solution for use by the Client on
the terms of this Agreement.

(C) The
Parties entered into an Agreement for the Provision of a Sports Betting Solution dated 1st
November 2024 (the Original Framework Agreement).

(D) The
Parties have agreed to amend and restate the terms of the Original Framework Agreement on
the terms set out in this Agreement. The Parties intend for this Agreement to replace and
supersede the Original Framework Agreement in its entirety.

IN
CONSIDERATION OF the respective rights and obligations of the Parties in this Agreement, the Parties have agreed as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS
AND INTERPRETATION

1.1 In
this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms have the following
meaning:

Action
means an act, event, omission, or circumstance.

Affiliate
means, with respect to an entity, any entity which directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with
such entity from time to time.

Agreement
Personal Data means Personal Data that is Processed pursuant to this Agreement.

Applicable
Law means all applicable laws, orders, regulations, legal requirements, and codes having legal effect (including the applicable
codes, regulations, licence conditions, legal requirements, and standards of all Gaming Authorities), in each case in force at the relevant
time.

API
means an application programming interface.

Bespoke
Manual Bet (PR Bets) means any Bet Offer created by the Supplier (or its Affiliate) manually at the request of the Client
(or its Affiliate) and not otherwise available as part of the standard sportsbook offering that is made available generally to clients
of the Supplier (or its Affiliates) (although if more than one client of the Supplier (or its Affiliates) requests the same Bet Offer
that is not otherwise part of the standard sportsbook offering, such Bet Offer shall still be considered a Bespoke Manual Bet (PR Bet)).

3

Bet
Offer means any specific betting market made available by the Supplier as part of the Service from time to time.

Business
Days means a day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or a public or bank holiday in the United States.

Business
Fee means the fee described in paragraphs 1.1 and 1.2 of Schedule 1.

Change
of Law means the coming into effect of a new Applicable Law or a change to Applicable Law or the interpretation or enforcement
by the relevant authorities of such Applicable Law (in whole or in part) after the Execution Date.

Client
Assets means all of the Clients and/or its Affiliates name, trademarks, branding, designs, design elements,
logos, marks, user interface, other brand elements or features, content, data, and/or materials for use on or in relation with the Client
Gaming Platform made available by or on behalf of the Client and/or its Affiliates from time to time.

Client
Contractor means (i) any Third Party engaged by the Client and/or its Affiliates from time to time (a) to supply, maintain,
and/or operate (in whole or in part) the Client Gaming Platform; and/or (b) in connection with the use of the Service pursuant to this
Agreement (including any Market Access Partner); and/or (ii) any sub-contractor of the Client and/or its Affiliates from time to time.

Client
Gaming Platform means the software platform used by the Client and/or its Affiliates, over which gaming and betting transactions
with Customers are conducted, including back-office software, player account management (PAM) software, geo-location software and/or
services, e-wallet software and/or services, websites and mobile applications, any underlying operating software, mobile platforms, or
other means of remote communication.

Client
Indemnified Party means the Client, its Affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors, and employees.

Competent
Authority means any court of competent jurisdiction, or any other authority that performs a related or similar function (including
any Supervisory Authority) but excluding any Gaming Authority.

Confidential
Information means all knowledge, information, documents, and/or materials of a Party and/or its Affiliates which is disclosed
or otherwise comes into the possession of the other Party and/or its Affiliates, whether before, on or after the Execution Date, which
is of a confidential nature, including the Fees, the terms of this Agreement, and the technology used by the Supplier and/or its Affiliates.
Performance Data and work product of the Supplier and/or its Affiliates (including the Suppliers and/or its Affiliates
assessment and categorisation of a Customers risk profile) shall be the confidential information of the Supplier.

Contract
Year means the period of twelve (12) calendar months starting on the Effective Date and each successive period of twelve (12)
calendar months.

Control
means to directly or indirectly, (i) control more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting rights in an entity; (ii) control the right
to directly or indirectly appoint or remove more than fifty percent (50%) of the board of directors of an entity; and/or (iii) control
more than fifty percent (50%) of the share capital or ownership interest in an entity and Controls and Controlled
shall be construed accordingly.

4

Customer
means an individual who is a registered user of the Client Gaming Platform for the purpose of placing bets on sports betting markets
that are supported by the Service from time to time.

Customer
Funds means all monies received from, held on behalf of, credited, or paid-out to a Customer.

Customer
Risk Management means the monitoring and management of risk exposure by the Supplier in respect of any specific Customer(s),
which may include the partial acceptance of bets and/or the refusal to accept a particular bet due to the Suppliers and/or its
Affiliates assessment of the Customers risk profile, and the management of suspicious bets.

Customer
Risk Management Data means the data collected by the Supplier and/or provided by the Client to the Supplier in connection
with Customer Risk Management, which includes any Customers username, age, gender, city, first part of post code, currency, language,
country of residence, IP address, last method of deposit and adequacy of account balance to place each bet and bet history.

Customer
Terms means the terms under which the Customers access and use the Client Gaming Platform, as amended by Client from time
to time.

[****]

Data
and Content Provider means any entity engaged by the Supplier and/or its Affiliates to provide Data and Content Services from
time to time in connection with the Service. Betgenius, Sportradar, and Stats Perform are examples of prospective Data and Content Providers.

Data
and Content Services means the supply of data, content, functionality, and/or tools (including in respect of the data, content
and tools described in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Schedule 1) and any replacement, addition, or substitution thereto from time to time
(and any IPR in each of the foregoing) which is based on or comprising data, content, functionality, and/or tools from a Third Party,
which the Supplier then makes available to the Client, its Affiliates, and/or any Client Contractors in connection with the Service.

Data
Protection Laws means all Applicable Laws relating to the Processing of Personal Data and/or privacy in effect in any relevant
territory from time to time; including GDPR, the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, the Federal Trade
Commission Act (15 U.S. Code sec. 41 et seq.), and all Applicable Laws which replace such legislation, and all applicable laws and regulations
relating to Processing of Personal Data and/or privacy, including where applicable the guidance and codes of practice issued by the relevant
Competent Authorities;

Any
reference in this Agreement to Data Controller, Data Processor, Data Subjects, Personal Data,
Process, Processed, Processing and Supervisory Authority shall have the meaning
set out in, and will be interpreted in accordance with Data Protection Laws.

Data
Security Incident means

a) breach
of security involving Agreement Personal Data; or

b) a
discovery or reasonable suspicion that there is a vulnerability in any technological measure
used to protect any Agreement Personal Data that has previously been subject to a breach
within the scope of paragraph (a), which may result in exploitation or exposure of that Agreement
Personal Data; or

c) any
defect or vulnerability with the potential to impact the ongoing resilience, security and/or
integrity of systems Processing Agreement Personal Data.

5

[****]

Downtime
has the meaning set out in Schedule 4.

Effective
Date means the Execution Date.

eSports
means an organized, multiplayer video game competition, particularly between professional players, individually or as teams. For
the avoidance of doubt, the Supplier shall only make available to the Client its standard eSports offering and the Client shall be required
to agree further terms with the Supplier or its Affiliates to purchase any advanced eSports products.

Excusable
Cause has the meaning set out in Schedule 4.

Fees
means the fees (including the Business Fee) and other costs payable to the Supplier pursuant to this Agreement, including those specified
in Schedule 1.

Force
Majeure Event means any act, event, or omission beyond the reasonable control of a Party, including war, riot, fire, flood,
storm, epidemic, pandemic and telecommunications malfunction or unavailability.

Free
Bet means a bet that is placed by a Customer using the Service via the Client Gaming Platform, using virtual money tokens
granted through the Suppliers promotional tools.

Free
To Play means a limited sports betting service which enables the placement of bets by end customers using virtual money only,
credits end customers accounts with winnings using virtual money tokens only, and does not allow for any real money withdrawals
by end customers.

Gaming
Approval means any and all approvals, authorisations, gaming licences, transactional waivers, permits, consents, findings
of suitability, registrations, clearances, and exemptions of or from a Gaming Authority.

Gaming
Authority means any governmental, regulatory, and/or administrative authority, agency, commission, board and/or body that
has jurisdiction over (or is responsible for or involved in the regulation of) the gambling activities of either Party and/or any of
its Affiliates from time to time.

Gaming
Tax means the amount paid of any statutory, state, or federal tax imposed on Client or any of its Affiliates in respect of
any betting activity by Customers using the Service via the Client Gaming Platform in the relevant period. This excludes: (i) any gaming
licence fees or costs payable in connection with any Gaming Approval; and (ii) any integrity fees payable to any sports or eSports
governing body.

GDPR
means the European General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679).

Good
Industry Practice means, in relation to any activity or requirement relevant to this Agreement, exercising the diligence,
skill, prudence, foresight, and judgement which would be reasonably and ordinarily expected from an experienced party engaged in the
same type of activity under similar circumstances.

Gross
Gaming Revenue or GGR means total Stakes in respect of bets that are settled during the relevant period
minus total Payouts that are settled in such period.

In-Play
Event means live events on which a Customer is able to place a bet.

Incentives
means the following promotional incentives: [****].

6

Incident
shall mean an unplanned interruption to an information technology service that forms part of the Service or reduction in the quality
of an information technology service that forms part of the Service (which shall include Software Errors). Incidents may be categorised
by various priority levels in Schedule 4.

Initial
Period means a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending five (5) years after the first Live Launch.

Insolvency
Event means the following with respect to a Party (as appropriate): (a) either: (i) filing of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy
(which is not subsequently withdrawn within a period of seven (7) days); (ii) any provisional liquidator, administrator, liquidator,
receiver, compulsory manager or administrative receiver is appointed over any of its assets; or (iv) any steps are taken in relation
to any resolution passed or order made for its winding up, dissolution, administration, voluntary liquidation or declaring a moratorium;
(v) it has a freezing order made against it; or, (vi) it becomes subject to any other similar insolvency process; or (b) it is unable
to pay its debts as and when they fall due within the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986 or under the laws of any applicable
jurisdiction; (c) it is subject to any procedure for the taking control of its goods that is not withdrawn or discharged within [****]
days of that procedure being commenced; or (d) it is subject to any events or circumstances analogous to those in paragraphs (a)
to (c) in any jurisdiction.

IPR
means all intellectual property rights, including patents (pending or granted), rights to inventions, moral rights, know-how, registered
designs, copyrights and related rights, rights in computer software, database rights, design rights, trademarks, service marks, and domain
names (in all cases whether or not the right is registered, and including applications and the right to apply for registration of any
such rights) and all rights and forms of protection of a similar nature or having similar effect to any of these which may subsist anywhere
in the world, in each case for their full term, together with any extensions or renewals.

Live
Launch means, in respect of a country, state, province or other territory that forms part of the Territory, the first day
when the Service is made available to a Customer in such country, state, province, or other territory by or on behalf of the Client and/or
any of its Affiliates.

Local
Affiliates means the Affiliates of each Party that, alongside the Parties, enter into a New Territory Local Affiliate Form
in accordance with the process set out in Clause 2.9.

Losses
means losses, damages, liabilities, settlements, judgments, costs (including reasonable legal fees), and expenses.

Mandated
Operational Issue Payment means, in respect of an Operational Issue, an amount which the Client is required by a relevant
Gaming Authority or under Applicable Law to pay to the relevant Customer as a direct consequence of that Operational Issue.

Market
Access Partner means any entity which Client has partnered with to acquire market access in a country, state, province, or
other territory of the Territory, and Client is permitted to provide the Service through, pursuant to Clause 2.4.

Minimum
Guarantee has the meaning set out in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1.

Net
Gaming Revenue or NGR shall mean GGR minus [****].

New
Territory means any new country, state, province, or other territory which is added to the Territory by the Parties in accordance
with Clause 2.9 from time to time.

New
Territory Form means the form set out in Schedule 5 that the Parties shall use to document the addition of a New Territory,
other than where a New Territory Local Affiliate Form is required by the Supplier.

7

New
Territory Local Affiliate Form means the form set out in Schedule 6 that the Parties shall use to document the addition of
a New Territory where the Supplier requires the Local Affiliates to be signatories to that addendum under Clause 2.9.

[****]

Operational
Issue means any error in relation to the prices, odds, results, translations, lines, naming markets or selections or other
data in the system of the Supplier, only to the extent caused by an act or omission of the Supplier and/or its Affiliates or by a Software
Error.

Payouts
means any amounts paid out on bets placed using the Service excluding any additional enhanced winnings paid out on Payout Deviations
and Premiums (as defined in Clause 14.2), [****].

[****]

Performance
Data means any and all aggregate and irreversibly anonymized data relating to the access or use of the Service by or on behalf
of the Client and/or any of its Affiliates, or any Customer, including any aggregate and irreversibly anonymized performance, analytics
or statistical data, that the Supplier and/or any of its Affiliates may collect from time to time.

Pre-Match
Event means all Bet Offers on which a Customer is able to place a bet using the Service
via the Client Gaming Platform prior to the relevant event taking place.

Restricted
Territories means [****].

Restricted
Transfer means a transfer of Agreement Personal Data to a Third Country.

Retail
Terminal means a terminal owned and/or operated by the Client on which the Suppliers software program is installed
enabling the Supplier to provide the Retail Sportsbook to Customers via their use of such terminal.

Sales
Taxes means: (i) the sales tax and use Tax applicable in the United States of America; and (ii) analogous product, services
and/or sales taxes in other jurisdictions.

Service
means the services described in paragraph 1 of Schedule 2.

Service
Level Agreement or SLA means the document set out at Schedule 4.

Software
Error has the meaning given to it in Clause 5.2.

Sports
Rules means the specific rules provided by the Supplier to the Client from time to time regarding the creation and settlement
of bets in relation to sporting events and competitions.

Stakes
means any amount placed on a bet [****].

Standard
Contractual Clauses means the European Union (EU) standard contractual Clauses established by the EU
for the transfer of Personal Data to third countries under Data Protection Laws, specifically the terms relating to Module One 
Controller to Controller transfers, as amended/updated or replaced from time to time.

Supplier
Indemnified Party means the Supplier, its Affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors, and employees.

[****]

8

Tax
or Taxes means all forms of taxation (including Gaming Tax), duties, levies, rates, contributions and imposts, and
all penalties, charges, fines, and interest included in or related to any tax assessment.

Term
means the period from the Effective Date to the Termination Date.

Termination
Date means the date of termination or expiry of this Agreement in accordance with its terms.

Territory
means Tennessee, West Virginia, Arizona, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and any New Territories, but in each case excluding any
Restricted Territories from time to time.

Third
Country means any country outside of the EU or EEA which is not considered adequate in accordance with Article 45 of the GDPR.

Third
Party means any person that is not the Client, the Supplier or one of their respective Affiliates.

Third
Party Claim means any claim, allegation or proceeding made or initiated by a Third Party against a Party excluding claims
or demands by Customers for winnings or other payouts resulting from Operational Issues or Software Errors (to the extent the Software
Error does not give rise to claims, demands or compensation in connection with Operational Issues).

Virus
means computer viruses and/or malicious attacks (including denial of service attacks, malware, ransomware, intentional hacking, damaging
or corruption, or the insertion of malicious or harmful code, including trojans, worms, and time bombs).

Unsupported
Territory means a country, state, province or other territory or part thereof where the Supplier declines to include as part
of the Territory in accordance with the terms of Clause 2.9.

1.2 In
this Agreement, unless otherwise specified:

1.2.1 words
in the singular include the plural and vice versa;

1.2.2 any
reference to a Party includes the Partys representatives, successors, or permitted
assignees;

1.2.3 any
words that follow include, including, for example
or in particular or any similar words and expressions shall be construed as
illustrative only and shall not limit the sense of any word, phrase, term, definition or
description preceding those words;

1.2.4 a
reference to a statute or statutory provision includes that statute or statutory provision
as amended, updated, modified, or replaced (before, on or after the Execution Date);

1.2.5 references
to Clauses are to the Clauses of the main body of this Agreement, references to Schedules
and Appendices are to the Schedules and Appendices of this Agreement, and references to paragraphs
are to paragraphs of the relevant Schedule;

1.2.6 references
to a person include any individual, body corporate, association, partnership,
firm, trust, organisation, joint venture, government, local or municipal authority, governmental
or supra-governmental agency or department, state or agency of state or any other entity
(in each case whether or not having separate legal personality);

9

1.2.7 clause,
schedule and paragraph headings shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement;

1.2.8 a
calendar month is a period of time starting on the first day of a month and
ending on the last day of that month (for example, 1 January to 31 January).

1.3 The
Schedules form part of this Agreement and will have the same force and effect as if set out
in the body of this Agreement and any reference to this Agreement will include the Schedules.

2. THE
PROVISION OF THE SERVICE

2.1 Subject
to Clause 4.2, the Supplier hereby agrees to provide (directly or via its Affiliate)
the Service to the Client for use by the Client solely through the Client Gaming Platform
on a non-transferable, non-sub-licensable (except, subject to Clause 2.4, to its Affiliates)
and non-exclusive basis for the Term in respect of the business to consumer sports betting
activities that the Client carries out in the Territory.

2.2 The
Client shall not resell, sub-contract, disclose, disassemble, decompile (save to the extent
such restriction is prohibited by Applicable Law), transfer or route the Service or allow
any Third Party to benefit from the Service (in whole or in part) without the Suppliers
prior written consent. This Clause 2.2 shall not prevent a Customer from using the
Client Gaming Platform to place bets on betting markets that are supported by the Service.

2.3 The
Client is responsible for the choice, publication, and management of all content including
names (including all abbreviations, nicknames, alternative names and informal naming) of
events, individuals, teams, venues, sponsors, entities and competitions and/or all logos,
images, graphics or insignia in respect of the foregoing which are published, distributed,
or made available on or via the Client Gaming Platform, including any such content that is
made available by the Supplier as a consequence of the Service. The Client shall therefore
be responsible for ensuring that there is no infringement of Third Party IPR or any other
rights and otherwise shall be responsible for the nature and appropriateness of such content,
in the context of its use. The Client therefore agrees that, subject to Clause 14.1, the
Supplier shall have no liability to the Client and/or its Affiliates in relation to any of
the foregoing.

2.4 Subject
to Clause 14.7, the Client may allow its Affiliates (and Market Access Partners in
respect of a skin for the Client or any of its Affiliates under a Gaming Approval
held by such Market Access Partner) to use the Clients rights pursuant to Clause 
2.1 during the Term, provided that the Client: (i) notifies the Supplier in writing of the
identity and location of each such Affiliate and/or Market Access Partner at least forty
(40) days in advance; (ii) takes any action reasonably requested by the Supplier to enable
both the provision of the Service to the relevant Affiliate and/or Market Access Partner
and to enable the Supplier to successfully complete any due diligence in respect of such
Affiliate and/or Market Access Partner; (iii) procures that the relevant Affiliate and/or
Market Access Partner has complied with any requirements imposed by any relevant Gaming Authority;
(iv) reimburses the Supplier for any reasonable additional costs incurred by the Supplier
stemming from the Affiliates and/or Market Access Partners use of the Clients
rights under Clause 2.1 which shall be agreed in writing in advance; (v) obtains the written
consent of the Supplier which consent may not be unreasonably, denied, conditioned, or delayed;
and (vi) in relation to any Restricted Transfers provides such information as may be necessary
for the completion of the documents set out in Schedule 7 in respect of any importing Affiliate
and/or Market Access Partner (vii) procures that such Affiliate and/or Market Access Partner
complies at all times with the terms of this Agreement as if they were the Client. Without
prejudice to the foregoing, the Client shall remain primarily liable for any act or omission
of any such Affiliate and/or Market Access Partner.

10

2.5 The
Supplier may revoke any consent given under Clause 2.4 in respect of any Market Access Partner
on at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice to the Client where:

2.5.1 the
Supplier is entitled to make a claim under Clause 16.3 in relation to the relevant
Market Access Partner;

2.5.2 the
Client commits a material breach of this Agreement that is caused in whole or in part by
the relevant Market Access Partner, and such breach is irremediable or, where capable of
remedy, the Client fails to remedy that breach (including by ensuring that the Market Access
Partner has taken the necessary steps to ensure that the breach is remedied) within thirty
(30) days of such a material breach occurring; and/or

2.5.3 the
relevant Market Access Partner becomes subject to an Insolvency Event.

2.6 [****]

2.7 If
requested by the Client in writing (including email), the Supplier shall make one or more
of the Suppliers APIs available to an Affiliate of the Client and/or a Third Party
approved by the Supplier (each an API User), [****], provided
that the Client shall ensure that each API User:

2.7.1 shall
only use the relevant APIs to the extent required for the Clients and/or its Affiliates
use of the Service in accordance with this Agreement (including Clause 12),
and/or for any purpose agreed with the Supplier in writing;

2.7.2 shall
not resell, sub-contract, disclose, disassemble, decompile (save to the extent such restriction
is prohibited by Applicable Law), transfer, or route any of the information supplied via
the API or allow any Third Party to benefit from any of the information supplied via the
API without the Suppliers prior written consent;

2.7.3 has
obtained and maintains all necessary Gaming Approvals required in connection with such use
and uses the information supplied via the API in accordance with Applicable Law; and

2.7.4 has
entered into an agreement with the Client that includes terms in respect of data protection
which are, substantially the same as, and in any case no less onerous than, the terms in
relation to data protection and confidentiality set out in this Agreement.

The
Supplier makes no representation or warranty that any API shall be available or suitable for any API Users intended use and, subject
to Clause 14.1, shall have no liability to the Client and/or such API User in respect of such use.

2.8 The
Client shall (and shall ensure that each API User shall) cease use of any of the Suppliers
APIs which are no longer required for either (i) the Clients and Affiliates
use of the Service; or (ii) for any purpose agreed with the Supplier in writing, during the
Term of this Agreement. The Client shall promptly notify the Supplier when an API Users
access to each of the Suppliers APIs is no longer so required for the Clients
use of the Service and/or for any purpose agreed with the Supplier in writing.

2.9 [****].
In addition, the Client may request in writing from time to time to add other states
([****]) or territories to the Territory and the inclusion of such states or territories
will be at the Suppliers sole discretion. Neither Party will have any rights or obligations
in relation to the State of Missouri or any other such state or territory unless:

2.9.1 a
New Territory Form has been signed by the Parties in respect of that New Territory; or

2.9.2 a
New Territory Local Affiliate Form has been signed by the Parties and the Local Affiliates
in respect of that New Territory, where a New Territory Local Affiliate Form is required
by the Supplier (it being acknowledged that the Supplier may require such form where a Gaming
Authority or Applicable Law, in the opinion of the Supplier, requires the same); and

11

2.9.3 if
a New Territory involves a Restricted Transfer, the Parties agree to enter into such relevant
transfer mechanisms as are required to ensure such transfer is made in accordance with Data
Protection Laws and Clauses 12 and 2.4, prior to the transfer taking place.

2.10 The
Supplier shall make available to the Client such non-bespoke updates and bug fixes as it
generally makes available to its other clients who receive substantially the same services
as those provided to the Client under this Agreement in the countries, states, provinces,
and other territories of the Territory from time to time.

2.11 The
Client acknowledges that the Supplier is performing due diligence on the Client as at the
date of this Agreement. The Client shall take any action reasonably requested to enable the
Supplier to successfully complete such due diligence and in no event shall the Supplier be
required to provide any Services to the Client prior to the successful conclusion of such
due diligence processes.

3. EXCLUSIVITY

3.1 During
the Term, the Client undertakes not to and undertakes to ensure that none of its Affiliates
or associated entities, make available to end users, a sportsbook offering which is the same
as or similar to any of the sportsbook products provided as part of the Service hereunder
(a Similar Sportsbook Offering) worldwide, either on its or their
own account, or through any Third Party. [****].

3.2 [****]

3.3 [****]

4. INTEGRATION
AND LAUNCH OF THE SERVICE

4.1 The
Supplier shall, taking into account the Clients reasonable comments, provide the Client
with a plan for the initial integration with the Client Gaming Platform and first Live Launch,
which plan shall set out each Partys obligations in respect of the same. For the avoidance
of doubt, any specific dates set out in such plan shall be targets only and shall not be
legally binding unless expressly stated to be so. The Supplier may also, at its discretion,
provide additional integration and launch plans in respect of any subsequent integrations
or launches (for example, in respect of launches in New Territories). Subsequent integrations
may be subject to payment of integration fees. The Client shall:

4.1.1 perform
its obligations set out in each such plan; and

4.1.2 provide
the Supplier with access to the Client Gaming Platform standard APIs.

4.2 Live
Launch will not occur in respect of a certain country, state, province, or other territory
of the Territory until:

4.2.1 the
Supplier has confirmed in writing to the Client the successful integration of the Service
with the Client Gaming Platform in accordance with such plan; and

4.2.2 each
Party has obtained all required Gaming Approvals in that certain country, state, province,
or other territory of the Territory.

5. SUPPLIER
OBLIGATIONS

5.1 After
Live Launch in a certain country, state, province, or other territory of the Territory, the
Supplier shall provide the Service in accordance with the SLA in relation to the Territory.

12

5.2 [****]

5.3 The
Client will promptly report the Software Error to the Supplier in writing as soon as the
Client becomes aware of the malfunction [****].

6. OPERATION
OF THE CLIENT GAMING PLATFORM

6.1 The
Client shall have sole authority and responsibility for managing, at its own cost and on
its own account (or, as the case may be, through its use of any Client Contractors), the
relationship and communication with Customers and the operation of the Client Gaming Platform.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Client shall:

6.1.1 ensure
the continuous availability of the Clients Gaming Platform to Customers;

6.1.2 handle,
manage and account for Customer Funds and related information in a full and secure manner
and in accordance with Applicable Law. The Supplier shall at no time hold, manage or be responsible
for Customer Funds;

6.1.3 maintain
the registrations of the relevant domain names on which sports betting services powered by
the Service are made available to Customers from time to time; and

6.1.4 provide
first line Customer support and handling of Customer complaints.

6.2 If
a bet placed using the Service via the Client Gaming Platform is cancelled, the Supplier
will inform the Client through a real-time feed with all relevant data. The Client shall
be responsible for communicating with any affected Customers regarding any cancelled bets.

6.3 The
Client shall promptly, upon request, provide (and ensure that any Affiliates and/or Client
Contractors provide) the Supplier with such information and assistance as the Supplier shall
reasonably require to enable (i) any integration and launch pursuant to Clause 4.1;
and (ii) the Supplier to provide the Service and fulfil its obligations under this Agreement.
The Client shall reimburse the Supplier in respect of any reasonable costs incurred by the
Supplier as a result of any breach of the foregoing.

7. CUSTOMER
TERMS AND SPORTS RULES

7.1 The
Client shall ensure all Customers actively accept the Customer Terms prior to accessing the
Client Gaming Platform. The Client shall ensure that the Customer Terms are valid, enforceable
and compliant with Applicable Law.

7.2 The
Client shall include in the Customer Terms:

7.2.1 an
express prohibition on Customer utilising the Services for any commercial purpose;

7.2.2 a
provision that states that the Supplier is the owner of the IPR in the pricing data made
available by the Supplier and that such data should only be used by a Customer for the purpose
of placing bets via the Client Gaming Platform; and

7.2.3 such
provisions as the Supplier may request in writing to enable the Supplier to meet its obligations
to the Data and Content Providers.

7.3 The
Client shall ensure that the Customer Terms at all times include and do not conflict with
the Sports Rules as those Sports Rules are provided to the Client from time to time (and
the Client shall update the Customer Terms to include any updated Sports Rules at the time
reasonably stipulated by the Supplier). If the Client breaches this Clause 7.3: (i)
the Client shall be solely liable for any resulting Loss relating to Customers and any such
Loss will not constitute an Operational Issue; and (ii) subject to Clause 14.1, the
Supplier shall have no liability to the Client where such liability is caused wholly or partially
by the Clients breach of this Clause 7.3 The Client shall, upon written request
by the Supplier, promptly provide a copy of the Customer Terms to the Supplier. If the Supplier
notifies the Client that the Customer Terms conflict with the Sports Rules, the Client shall
promptly amend the Customer Terms in accordance with the reasonable request of the Supplier.

13

7.4 The
Sports Rules shall be provided to Client in English. If requested by the Client, the Supplier
shall provide translations of the Sports Rules and all pre-match, live and other offerings
in any of the languages supported by the Supplier from time to time, provided always that
(subject to Clause 14.1) the Supplier shall not be liable for any claim, problem or
issue arising as a result of any such translation being incorrect and any such claim, problem
or issue will not constitute an Operational Issue. The Supplier shall use reasonable endeavours
to provide such translation as soon as reasonably possible and in any event shall provide
such translations within forty-eight (48) hours of such offering being made available to
the Client. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Client shall review the translations
provided by the Supplier and request any necessary amendments to any such translation in
order to comply with Applicable Law, in which case the Parties shall agree on the amendments
required to meet such requirements within a reasonable period.

7.5 [****]

8. DATA
AND CONTENT SERVICES

8.1 The
Client undertakes that:

8.1.1 it
shall only use the Data and Content Services in respect of its use of the Service in the
Territory and not for any other purpose (including for any editorial or media use); and

8.1.2 it
will not supply the Data and Content Services to any person except its Customers for their
personal and private use as part of its sports betting service that is powered by the Service).

8.2 In
relation to the Suppliers provision of Data and Content Services, upon notification
by the Supplier, the Client shall enter into an addendum to this Agreement and/or a direct
contract with any Data and Content Provider (including sports leagues such as the NFL and
those Data and Content Providers set out in Schedule 1 to this Agreement), and shall comply
with the terms of such addendum or contract (including in respect of the payment of any fees),
and/or procure that its Affiliates do each of the same.

8.3 The
Supplier shall notify the Client promptly upon becoming aware of any material adverse change
which affects the Suppliers ability to provide the Data and Content Services in accordance
with the terms set out in this Agreement.

9. WARRANTIES

9.1 Each
Party warrants and represents to the other Party that:

9.1.1 this
Agreement is executed by a duly authorised representative of that Party;

9.1.2 this
Agreement will, when executed by that Party, constitute lawful, valid and binding obligations
of it in accordance with its terms; and

9.1.3 the
entering into this Agreement by it and the performance of this Agreement will not conflict
with, or breach any other agreement to which it is a party.

9.2 The
Client warrants and represents that it has disclosed to the Supplier its position regarding
all applicable Taxes in relation to its business and the business of its Affiliates and undertakes
that it will notify the Supplier immediately if such position regarding applicable Taxes
changes.

14

9.3 The
Supplier shall use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Suppliers technology is
regularly tested by the Supplier with up to date commercially available detection software
for Viruses and cyber attacks [****].

9.4 [****]

9.5 Subject
to Clause 14.1 and except as expressly stated in this Agreement, all representations,
warranties, conditions and other terms whether express or implied by statute, common law
or otherwise are hereby excluded to the extent permitted by Applicable Law.

10. COMPLIANCE
AND CHANGE IN LAW

10.1 On
a Party (the Notifying Party) becoming aware of any fact that could
or does give rise to a claim or an investigation by a Gaming Authority that the operation
of the Client Gaming Platform, a particular product and/or any matter arising out of or in
connection with all or any part of the provision and/or use of the Service is contrary to
Applicable Law (Regulatory Claim), the Notifying Party shall promptly
notify the other Party (Other Party) in writing of the Regulatory Claim
or potential Regulatory Claim together with all relevant facts. Upon receipt of such notice,
the Parties shall convene an urgent meeting to determine how to mitigate any Losses which
may arise from such Regulatory Claim and how to approach and make representations to such
Gaming Authority. Neither Party shall make any admissions or any settlement in respect of
any Regulatory Claim or potential Regulatory Claim without prior discussion with the other
Party.

10.2 Subject
to Clauses 14, 10.3 and 10.4, if a Regulatory Claim is caused by the Supplier and results
in a fine being imposed on the Client by a Gaming Authority (Regulatory Fine)
the Suppliers liability in contract (including under any indemnity), tort (including
negligence), equity or for breach of statutory duty or in any other way to the Client and
its Affiliates shall be limited to the amount calculated using the following formula:

[****]

10.3 [****]

10.4 [****]

10.5 [****]

10.6 Each
Party shall be responsible for obtaining the necessary Gaming Approvals to carry out its
respective obligations under this Agreement in any Territory.

10.7 The
Client warrants and undertakes to the Supplier that:

10.7.1 it,
and each of its Affiliates, shall maintain throughout the Term all Gaming Approvals necessary
to: (i) use the Service and the Data and Content Services in the Territory and/or perform
any marketing and promotional activities it carries out in the Territory; and (ii) perform
its obligations under this Agreement including marketing and promotional activities it carries
out in such Territories;

10.7.2 it
shall promptly notify the Supplier in the event of any changes to any Gaming Approval (including
any Gaming Approval held by any of its Affiliates) and provide such information and assistance
as the Supplier may reasonably request from time to time in connection with the Suppliers
due diligence checks; and

10.7.3 will
promptly keep the Supplier informed of regulatory changes that may affect the Service or
any matters relating to the Service and that are communicated or made available to the Client
by a Gaming Authority and that are not publicly available.

15

10.8 The
Supplier warrants and undertakes to the Client that:

10.8.1 it
has obtained, and shall maintain throughout the Term, any Gaming Approval necessary to perform
its obligations under this Agreement;

10.8.2 it
and each of its Affiliates shall be lawfully entitled to conduct its business in accordance
with Applicable Law; and

10.8.3 it
shall promptly notify the Client of any changes to any Gaming Approval that could affect
the supply of the Service to the Client in the Territory and provide such information and
assistance as the Client may reasonably request from time to time in connection with the
Clients due diligence checks.

10.9 Subject
always to Clause 14 and 10.5, each Party
shall comply and shall ensure that any relevant Affiliate (and each of their respective employees,
agents and representatives) comply with all Applicable Law in the performance of its or their
duties under this Agreement and/or the provision or use of the Service.

10.10 Each
Party shall, upon written request, provide to the other Party all relevant information and
documentation which is required by any Gaming Authority and shall cooperate in good faith
with that Party and any Gaming Authority for the successful completion of any regulatory
inquiry or due diligence as may be conducted from time to time.

10.11 The
Client shall, at all times, comply with (i) responsible gaming standards and applicable codes
of conduct; and (ii) all anti-money laundering, client identification, age verification,
and geolocation requirements under Applicable Law and shall ensure that appropriate monitoring,
reporting, and audit policies and processes are in place.

10.12 If
either Party becomes aware of any Change of Law which may impact the legality of the Supplier
providing all or any part of the Service to the Client (and/or any relevant Affiliate) or
the Client making available all or any part of the Service to Customers through the Client
Gaming Platform:

10.12.1 such
Party shall promptly provide reasonable evidence of the Change of Law to the other Party
and the known or anticipated impact of the Change of Law; and

10.12.2 the
Parties shall discuss in good faith how to proceed in respect of Customers physically present
in the affected part of the Territory, including either Party obtaining any required Gaming
Approval or preventing Customers physically present in each such affected Territory from
accessing sports betting markets that are supported by the Service through the Client Gaming
Platform.

10.13 No
Party shall be responsible for its failure to perform any obligation under this Agreement
to the extent that it arises out of a Change of Law, provided that such Party takes all reasonable
steps to mitigate the effects of such Change of Law as soon as reasonably practicable after
becoming aware that such a Change of Law is to be made.

10.14 Notwithstanding
any other provision herein, the Supplier shall be entitled to make any changes to the Service
which the Supplier considers to be reasonably necessary to avoid breaching Applicable Law
and/or any sanction by a Gaming Authority and shall notify the Client of such a change as
soon as reasonably practicable.

10.15 Notwithstanding
any other provision in this Agreement and without prejudice to Clause 2.1, the Client warrants,
represents and undertakes that it shall not, and it shall take reasonable commercial efforts
to ensure that none of its Affiliates or Client Contractors will process any wagers on the
Client Gaming Platform for any person who is then, at the time of the wager, physically present
in one of the Restricted Territories. [****].

16

11. FEES

11.1 Subject
to Clause 11.4, the Client shall pay the Fees to the Supplier or (at the Suppliers
option) any of its Affiliates monthly in arrears within thirty (30) days from delivery of
an invoice by the Supplier (or any such Affiliates), free of any deductions and withholdings
[****], and with such payment to be made to the Suppliers (or any such Affiliates)
bank account detailed on such invoice. If any deduction or withholding is required by Applicable
Law to be made from any such payment, then the Client shall pay to the Supplier or its Affiliate
(as applicable) such additional amount as is necessary to ensure that the net amount received
and retained by the Supplier or its Affiliate (as applicable), is equal to the amount which
they would have received and retained had such payment not been subject to such deduction
or withholding.

11.2 All
sums payable pursuant to this Agreement are exclusive of Sales Taxes, and any Sales Taxes
properly chargeable in respect of such sums shall be paid by the Client to the Supplier or
its Affiliates in addition to such sum.

11.3 Each
Party shall be responsible for the payment of all applicable Taxes in relation to its and
its Affiliates business, as well as any regulatory administrative fees (without prejudice
to the deduction of Gaming Tax from NGR).

11.4 The
Client must notify the Supplier or its Affiliates (as applicable) in writing within [****]
days of receipt of an invoice if the Client considers such invoice incorrect or invalid
for any reason.

11.5 Should
either Party fail or refuse to make any payment due to the other Party by the due date, the
amount due shall bear interest at four per cent (4%) per annum over the base rate of Barclays
Bank PLC calculated from the date when such amount is due to the date of payment.

11.6 [****]

12. DATA
PROTECTION

12.1 The
Parties acknowledge and agree that:

12.1.1 the
Client and the Supplier will each act as separate Controllers in respect of the Agreement
Personal Data;

12.1.2 they
will Process the Agreement Personal Data in accordance with their respective obligations
under Data Protection Laws, implementing appropriate technical and organisational measures
to ensure an appropriate level of security to protect the Agreement Personal Data;

12.1.3 they
will notify the other Party (within three (3) days of receipt) if it receives a complaint
or request from a Data Subject or any third party and will promptly cooperate with, and/or
assist the other Party with such complaint/request. The Parties acknowledge that while the
Supplier Processes Agreement Personal Data, the Agreement Personal Data is pseudonymised.
As such, if a Data Subject rights request is received by the Supplier, the Supplier may require
further information from the Client in order to respond and the Client shall promptly provide
such information on request;

12.1.4 they
will promptly cooperate with, and/or assist the other Party in relation to any reasonable
request for cooperation and/or assistance and/or the provision of information relating to
its Processing of the Agreement Personal Data, including in relation to responses to requests
from Data Subjects to exercise their rights under the Data Protection Laws or as may be reasonably
necessary in the event of a Data Security Incident;

17

12.1.5 they
will not do anything (whether by act or omission) which would cause the other to breach any
of its obligations as a Data Controller under any relevant Data Protection Laws; and

12.1.6 [****].

12.2 The
Client shall always provide the Suppliers player privacy notice (as made available
on the Suppliers website from time to time and available as at the Execution Date
at https://www.kambi.com/news-insights/fair_player_processi/kambi-player-fair-processing-notice/)
to its Customers. If the Supplier changes such player privacy notice, it shall notify the
Client.

12.3 Each
Party shall take reasonable steps to ensure the reliability of any of its employees, agents,
contractors, directors, or officers (together, Personnel) who may have
access to Agreement Personal Data, ensuring in each case that access is limited to those
Personnel who need access for the purposes of providing the Service. Each Party shall ensure
that all of its Personnel:

12.3.1 are
informed of the confidential nature of the Agreement Personal Data and of that Partys
obligations under this Agreement in relation to such Agreement Personal Data;

12.3.2 are
subject to confidentiality obligations;

12.3.3 have
undertaken appropriate training in relation to Data Protection Laws; and

12.3.4 are
subject to appropriate technical and organisational security measures when accessing Agreement
Personal Data.

12.4 Each
Party shall be responsible for compliance with the Data Protection Laws by each of its Personnel,
including for any Data Security Incident caused by any such persons.

12.5 Following
the Termination Date, each Party shall be entitled to retain a copy of the Agreement Personal
Data that they are an independent controller of and each Party will be separately liable
for that portion of the Agreement Personal Data that they Process as independent Data Controllers.

12.6 The
Supplier will set cookies (first party, session, persistent and also cookies controlled by
Third Parties) that may be placed in Customers device(s) and collect information.
It is Clients responsibility to provide clear and comprehensive information to Customers
(in respect of the Suppliers use of cookies, in compliance with Data Protection Laws.
Where the Supplier requires a cookie to be placed on the Clients website, the Supplier
will provide to the Client information to be included within the Clients cookies information
provided to Customers. If the Supplier changes the cookies or information about its cookies,
the Supplier will promptly provide updated information to the Client to provide to Customers
in accordance with this Clause 12.6.

12.7 Where
a Restricted Transfer is being made to a Third Country, such transfer shall be conducted
on a Controller-to-Controller basis using the Standard Contractual Clauses which will be
incorporated by reference into this Agreement and which shall apply to the Processing as
follows:

12.7.1 the
Supplier shall be the data exporter and the Client shall be the data importer;

12.7.2 the
Supplier shall be deemed to have entered into the Standard Contractual Clauses in the Suppliers
own name and on behalf of any Affiliates who also act as Controller in relation to such Agreement
Personal Data;

18

12.7.3 the
Client shall be deemed to have entered into the Standard Contractual Clauses in the Clients
own name, where applicable, and has the authority to also be deemed to have entered into
the Standard Contractual Clauses on behalf of any Affiliates outside of the EU who also act
as Controller in relation to such Agreement Personal Data;

12.7.4 the
provisions of Schedule 7 will be deemed to be set out in the Appendices to the Standard Contractual
Clauses;

12.7.5 notwithstanding
Clauses 26 and 27.11, the Standard Contractual Clauses shall be governed
by the substantive law of [****] and any dispute between the Parties arising out of
or in connection with the Standard Contractual Clauses shall be referred to and finally resolved
by arbitration under the Expedited Rules of the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber
of Commerce (the SCC Rules), which SCC Rules are deemed to be incorporated
by reference into this Clause. The seat or legal place of arbitration shall be [****]
and the language to be used in the arbitration shall be English, and the arbitration
shall be conducted in complete confidence; and

12.7.6 where
and to the extent only that the Standard Contractual Clauses apply, the Standard Contractual
Clauses will prevail over any inconsistent or conflicting provisions within this Agreement
as they relate to such transfers of Agreement Personal Data.

JOINT
CONTROLLERS

12.8 The
Parties acknowledge and agree that they shall be acting as Joint Controllers of the Agreement
Personal Data where the Client and the Supplier specifically discuss and agree:

12.8.1 To
place a Customer(s) within a different betting risk profile;

12.8.2 To
revise (either up or down) a Customers betting limit;

12.8.3 The
specific guidelines and risk parameters for making decisions on the profitability of a given
player in light of any specific insight which the Client may have about that Customer.

12.8.4 the
Clients use of the Suppliers bonus tool; and/or

12.8.5 for
such other purposes as may be agreed upon in writing between the Supplier and the Client
from time to time..

12.9 Where
the Parties act as Joint Controllers, they agree that:

12.9.1 they
will comply with the obligations laid out in Clause 12.1 (except Clause 12.1.1)
above; and

12.9.2 in
the event that a Data Subject rights request is received, it shall be the responsibility
of the Client to respond to such a request given that the Supplier only processes pseudonymised
Agreement Customer Data. Accordingly, the Client shall be responsible for responding to any
such Data Subject rights request and the Supplier shall cooperate and provide assistance,
as required, per the obligation set out above;

12.9.3 in
the event that a Data Security Incident arises, the Party that first becomes aware of the
Data Security Incident shall notify the other Party without undue delay, and in any event
within 48 hours of becoming aware of the Data Security Incident and the Parties shall cooperate
and provide assistance in resolving and/or addressing the Data Security Incident, as set
out above. In particular, the parties shall work together to assess the cause of the Data
Security Incident and identify appropriate technical and organizational measures to prevent
such an incident from happening again; and without impacting on each Partys own obligation
under Data Protection Law, assessing the need to report the Data Security Incidents to any
supervisory authority and/or data subjects.

19

13. INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY RIGHTS

13.1 The
Client acknowledges and agrees that its only right to use the Service is as set out in clause
2 and that all lPRs in or relating to the Service are and will remain the exclusive property
of the Supplier and/or its Affiliates or, in the case of IPRs of a Third Party, the relevant
Third Party.

13.2 The
Client grants to the Supplier and its Affiliates a royalty free, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
worldwide right to use, for the Term, the Clients name and trade mark for the Supplier
and its Affiliates promotional purposes and as otherwise reasonably required in order
to provide the Service.

13.3 Nothing
in the relationship between the Parties shall constitute or shall be deemed to constitute
an assignment or transfer of any IPR from one Party to the other.

13.4 Subject
always to Clauses 2.3 and 13 if a Third Party Claim for infringement or alleged infringement
of any IPR in or relating to the Service and/or the Data and Content Services and/or any
part of each thereof (or the provision of any of the foregoing by the Supplier to the Client)
is made (or in the reasonable opinion of the Supplier is likely to be made), the Supplier
may, in its discretion and without prejudice to any of the Clients rights or remedies
in Clause 16:

13.4.1 procure
the right for the Client to continue receiving the Service and/or the Data and Content Services
(or the relevant part thereof);

13.4.2 modify
or replace the Service and/or the Data and Content Services (or the relevant part thereof);

13.4.3 where
the infringement only affects part of the Service and/or the Data and Content Services, suspend
or discontinue the affected part of the Service and/or the Data and Content Services; or

13.4.4 terminate
this Agreement in whole or (where in the reasonable opinion of the Supplier it is feasible
to do so) in relation to the specific Territory(ies) to which the infringement or alleged
infringement relates, with immediate effect on written notice to the Client without any further
liability of the Supplier to the Client and/or its Affiliates in relation to such termination.

The
Client shall promptly notify the Supplier in writing of any such claim, demand, action or any relevant allegation of which it becomes
aware from time to time.

13.5 The
Supplier shall have no obligation under clause 16.2.1 below, to the extent that the relevant
Third Party Claim is based upon or arises out of the Clients use of the Service otherwise
than in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

13.6 In
any of the circumstances described in this clause 13 the Client shall be solely responsible
for managing communications with Customers and disclosure of information in relation to the
infringement. The Client shall not identify the Supplier in any such communication or disclosure.

13.7 If
the Suppliers use of any assets to which IPRs attach which have been granted to it
by the Client under this Agreement is held by a Competent Authority to constitute an infringement
or, in the reasonable opinion of the Supplier is likely to be held to constitute an infringement,
of a Third Partys IPRs, the Supplier may, remove such assets from the Service until
such time as the Client is able to demonstrate to the Suppliers satisfaction that
the use of the assets to which the IPRs pertain no longer constitutes an infringement. Where
reasonably possible the Supplier will notify the Client of such removal.

20

13.8 The
remedies in clauses 13.4, 13.7, and 16.2 shall be each Partys sole remedy in respect
of a Third Party Claim for infringement of IPR.

13.9 The
Client acknowledges and accepts that the Supplier owns all rights (including all lPRs) in
the odds created from the process of setting the odds, based on probability (known as odds
compiling).

13.10 In
the event that the Supplier wishes to enforce its IPRs in the odds against any Third Party,
the Client agrees to provide all reasonable assistance (at the Suppliers expense)
with such enforcement.

14. LIABILITY

14.1 Nothing
in this Agreement shall limit or exclude either Partys (and/or its Affiliates) liability
for: (i) death or personal injury resulting from its negligence; (ii) its fraud or fraudulent
misrepresentation; (iii) any liability to the extent that it cannot be excluded or limited
by Applicable Law; (v) in respect of the Client only, its obligation to pay the Fees,
any Taxes (including Sales Taxes), and any interest (pursuant to Clause 11.5).

14.2 Subject
to this clause 14, neither Party nor its Affiliates shall be liable to the other Party or
its Affiliates for:

14.2.1 any
loss suffered by the Client to the extent caused by an Excusable Cause;

14.2.2 any
loss caused by a Force Majeure Event;

14.2.3 any
loss of profits, turnover, data, business opportunities, anticipated savings, loss of goodwill,
loss of business or loss of reputation (in each case whether direct or indirect); or

14.2.4 any
indirect, special, incidental, punitive or consequential losses or damage.

14.3 Unless
otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, subject to Clauses 14.1 and 
14.4 and without prejudice to Clause 14.2, the total aggregate liability of
each Party and its Affiliates which arises from Actions which occur in any one Contract Year,
whether in contract (including any indemnity), tort (including negligence), equity or for
breach of statutory duty or in any other way howsoever arising out of or in connection with
this Agreement and/or all or any part of the Service shall not exceed the greater of: (i)
[****]; and (ii) [****], subject always to each Partys and its Affiliates
total aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with this Agreement and/or all
or any part of the Service for the Term and thereafter being limited to [****].

14.4 There
shall be no limitation or exclusion of liability under Clauses 14.2 or 14.3
in relation to: [****].

14.5 The
Supplier (and its Affiliates):

14.5.1 shall
not have any liability (in contract, tort (including negligence), in relation to Data and
Content Services (including in respect of any IPRs in the Data and Content Services from
time to time;

14.5.2 does
not give any warranties, undertakings, or representations in respect of any Data and Content
Services (including in respect of any IPR in or relating to the Data and Content Services
from time to time);

14.5.3 shall
not have any liability (in contract (including any claim under Clauses 10.1, 10.2, 10.3,
10.4, 10.5, 10.6 and/or 15), tort (including negligence), equity or for breach of a statutory
duty or in any other way) out of or in connection with any Bespoke Manual Bet (PR Bet).

21

14.6 To
the extent a Data and Content Provider materially breaches its agreement with the Supplier
in respect of that Data and Content Providers Data and Content Services and the Client
suffers a loss as a result of such breach (and notifies the Supplier in writing within thirty
(30) days of such occurrence), then the Supplier shall pass on to the Client any amount recovered
(if any) by the Supplier in relation to such breach, provided that any such amount shall
first be equitably pro-rated by the Supplier (using its reasonable discretion) amongst the
Client, the Supplier (and its Affiliates) and the Suppliers (and its Affiliates)
other customers impacted by such breach.

14.7 Any
breach of the Clients obligations under this Agreement that is caused in whole or
in part by the act or omission of a Client Contractor or an Affiliate of the Client will
be deemed to be the act or omission of the Client and the Supplier and its Affiliates shall
not be in breach of any of its obligations under this Agreement where such breach is caused
in whole or in part by an act or omission of a Client Contractor, an API User or an Affiliate
of the Client.

14.8 Without
limiting either Partys liability under this Agreement, during the Term each Party
shall maintain, at its expense, appropriate insurance in respect of this Agreement. [****].

15. OPERATIONAL
ISSUES

15.1 Both
Parties accept that Operational Issues do occur from time to time, however the Supplier shall
use commercially reasonable measures to minimise Operational Issues. The Parties shall cooperate
in good faith to ensure a prompt detection of Operational Issues and the Client shall promptly
undertake all reasonable action in order to cooperate with and support the measures that
the Supplier shall implement to limit and/or manage the associated risks.

15.2 Operational
Issues shall be resolved via standard practice system functionality such as voiding, resettlement.
Unless required otherwise by Applicable Law in which the Parties shall comply with such requirement
of Applicable Law or relevant Gaming Authority, if an Operational Issue cannot be resolved
in by voiding, resettlement or other standard practice system functionality, the Parties
shall jointly decide whether to either: [****].

15.3 [****]

15.4 [****]

15.5 [****]

15.6 [****]

15.7 Subject
to Clause 14.1, the Supplier shall not be liable for any compensation or payment which
the Client unilaterally decides to pay to a Customer [****].

15.8 To
the extent that an Operational Issue is caused by any errors arising (whether directly, indirectly,
partly or solely) from an act or omission of the Client, its Affiliates, a Client Contractor
and/or a Data and Content Provider and/or any error in the Data and Content Services then
the Supplier shall have no liability to the Client for that Operational Issue.

15.9 The
remedies set out in Clause 15.2 and Clauses 15.3 and 15.4 are, subject
to Clause 14.1, the Clients sole and exclusive remedy with regard to the Suppliers
liability in respect of Clause 15.1 and for any Operational Issues.

15.10 Any
Losses and other claims, amounts, costs and liability of the Supplier arising out of or in
connection with this Clause 15 will be subject to and count towards the limitations
of liability in Clause 14.3.

22

16. INDEMNITIES

16.1 The
Client shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each Supplier Indemnified Party from and
against all Losses arising out of or in connection with:

16.1.1 any
breach by the Client and/or its Affiliates of Clauses 2.2, 2.3 and/or 8;

16.1.2 any
breach of Clause 10.15 (Restricted Territories).

16.2 Subject
to Clauses 14.2, 14.3, 14.5 and 14.7 and the Indemnified Partys
compliance with Clause 16.4:

16.2.1 the
Supplier shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each Client Indemnified Party from and
against any and all Losses that arise out of or in connection with any Third Party Claim
brought against or suffered by the Client, solely to the extent that such Third Party Claim
arises out of or in connection with the Suppliers provision of the Service infringing
the IPR of any Third Party (but at all times excluding where the Client is responsible for
Bet Offers and content under this Agreement, including pursuant to Clause 2.3); and

16.2.2 the
Client shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each Supplier Indemnified Party from and
against any and all Losses that arise out of or in connection with any Third Party Claim
brought against or suffered by the Supplier, solely to the extent that such Third Party Claim
arises out of or in connection with the Suppliers use of any Client Assets infringing
the IPR of any Third Party.

16.3 The
Client shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each Supplier Indemnified Party against
any and all Losses arising out of or in connection with any claims, allegations or proceedings
made or initiated by a Market Access Partner or its Affiliates or associated entities against
the Supplier.

16.4 If
a Party, (the Indemnified Party) becomes aware of a Third Party Claim
(or any matter that might give rise to a Third Party Claim) to which Clause 16.2 applies:

16.4.1 it
will immediately give written notice to the Party which has given the relevant indemnity
(in such capacity, the Indemnifying Party) stating in reasonable detail
the nature of such Third Party Claim or matter and, if practicable, the amount claimed and
shall consult with the Indemnifying Party in respect of such Third Party Claim or matter;

16.4.2 the
Indemnified Party will not settle or compromise or make any admission of liability, agreement
or compromise in relation to such Third Party Claim or matter without the prior written consent
of the Indemnifying Party;

16.4.3 the
Indemnified Party will at all times promptly disclose in writing to the Indemnifying Party
all information and documents relating to such Third Party Claim or matter;

16.4.4 the
Indemnified Party will take all such actions as the Indemnifying Party may request to dispute,
resist, defend, appeal, settle, compromise, remedy or mitigate such Third Party Claim or
matter, including using professional advisers nominated by the Indemnifying Party (with all
reasonable professional costs properly incurred by the Indemnified Party as a result of such
a request to be borne by the Indemnifying Party);

16.4.5 if
so requested by the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party will allow the Indemnifying
Party exclusive conduct of all proceedings in relation to the Third Party Claim in the name
of and on behalf of the Indemnified Party, at the cost of the Indemnifying Party; and

23

16.4.6 if
the Indemnifying Party takes conduct of a Third Party Claim then the Indemnifying Party will
give reasonable information on a reasonably regular basis to the Indemnified Party as to
the progress of that Third Party Claim.

16.5 The
Indemnifying Party shall not settle any Third Party Claim that requires the Indemnified Party
to pay un-indemnified amounts or limits its rights without the Indemnified Partys
prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

16.6 [****]

17. TERM
AND TERMINATION

17.1 This
Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the duration of the
Initial Period. For the avoidance of doubt, after the expiration of the Initial Period, this
Agreement shall continue in a rolling basis until it is terminated pursuant to its terms.

17.2 Either
Party may terminate this Agreement upon the provision of at least one hundred and eighty
(180) days prior written notice to the other Party, provided that such termination
shall not be effective before the expiry of the Initial Period. [****].

17.3 Without
prejudice to any other right or remedy available to it, this Agreement may be terminated
immediately by either Party (the Non-Defaulting Party) by written notice
to the other Party (the Defaulting Party) where:

17.3.1 the
Defaulting Party commits a material breach of this Agreement, which is either irremediable
or, where capable of remedy, is not remedied within thirty (30) days starting on the date
of receipt of a written notice from the Non-Defaulting Party specifying the breach and requiring
it to be remedied. Breach by the Client of Clause 10.15 shall be considered a
material breach that is not capable of remedy;

17.3.2 the
Defaulting Party fails to pay any invoice issued by the Non-Defaulting Party within ten (10)
Business Days of its due date;

17.3.3 the
Defaulting Party stops carrying on all or a significant part of its business, or indicates
in any way that it intends to do so;

17.3.4 the
Defaulting Party is subject to an Insolvency Event;

17.3.5 the
Defaulting Party is prevented from the performance of substantially all of its obligations
for a continuous period in excess of [****] Business Days due to a Force Majeure Event;

17.3.6 the
Defaulting Party ceases to be able to carry on all or a material part of its business activities
as a result of a withdrawal of any Gaming Approval that is required for the provision or
use of the Service in the Territory under this Agreement;

17.3.7 the
Non-Defaulting Party is notified in writing by any Gaming Authority that there is a reasonable
likelihood that the Non-Defaulting Party may lose a Gaming Approval due to an act or omission
of the Defaulting Party, and the Defaulting Party fails to remedy such act or omission to
the reasonable satisfaction of both the Non-Defaulting Party and the relevant Gaming Authority
within twenty (20) Business Days from the date of being called upon in writing to do so (or
such shorter period as the relevant Gaming Authority requires); or

17.3.8 the
Non-Defaulting Party has suspended this Agreement pursuant to Clause 21 and the matter giving
rise to such suspension has not been resolved to the Non-Defaulting Partys reasonable
satisfaction within twenty (20) Business Days of the start of such suspension.

24

17.4 [****]

18. CONSEQUENCES
OF TERMINATION

18.1 Without
prejudice to any obligations or rights which have accrued to either Party at the Termination
Date, upon termination of this Agreement for any reason:

18.1.1 all
rights granted by one Party to the other Party under this Agreement shall cease and (except
to the extent necessary in order to perform its obligations under Clause 18.1.3) each
Party shall immediately cease using the IPR and other material owned by the other Party,
its Affiliates and/or licensors;

18.1.2 the
Parties shall promptly (and in any case within five (5) Business Days of the Termination
Date) pay to each other any sums then due under this Agreement;

18.1.3 the
Client shall cease all activities authorised under this Agreement immediately except for
a period of up to six (6) months (or longer if required by applicable Gaming Authority) in
relation to any open bets placed prior to the Termination Date, which further to good faith
discussions between the Parties shall either be settled or voided during such period (and
the Supplier shall continue to invoice the Client and the Client shall continue to pay the
Fees in respect of the same in accordance with Clause 11);

18.1.4 subject
always to Clause 12.4, on request of the other Party, each Party shall (at its election)
promptly destroy or return to the other Party any and all of such other Partys, its
Affiliates and/or licensors materials (including all Confidential Information
of such other Party) that are in the possession, custody or control of the first Party, its
Affiliates, agents, subcontractors or Client Contractors (as appropriate), except where otherwise
required by a Party to comply with their own regulatory compliance obligations. [****];
and

18.1.5 the
Client shall (and shall procure that each API User shall) cease use of all APIs of the Supplier.

18.2 Upon
the partial termination of this Agreement in relation to a portion but not all of the Territory,
the country, state, province, or other territory of the Territory that is subject to the
termination shall immediately cease to be deemed part of the Territory under
this Agreement.

18.3 Save
as set out in this Clause 18 the Parties shall have no further obligations or rights
under this Agreement after the Termination Date, except that Clauses 1, 10.10,
12, 13.1, 13.10, 14, 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5, 10.6, 
16, 19, 20, 22, 23, 25, 26 and 27, and those Clauses the survival
of which is necessary for the interpretation or enforcement of this Agreement shall continue
to have effect after the end of the Term.

19. CONFIDENTIALITY

19.1 Subject
to Clause 19.2, each Party (the Receiving Party) undertakes
that it will not, at any time during or after the Term, use, divulge or communicate to any
person (except to its professional representatives or advisers and any Affiliates, employees,
agents, subcontractors or Client Contractors who need to access such information for the
performance of the Receiving Partys obligations under this Agreement and provided
that such Party shall procure their compliance with this Clause 19), any trade secrets
or Confidential Information of the other Party or its Affiliates (Disclosing Party)
which may have or may in the future come to its knowledge.

25

19.2 The
obligation of confidentiality contained in Clause 19.1 shall not apply to Confidential
Information solely to the extent that such Confidential Information:

19.2.1 at
the time of its disclosure by the Disclosing Party is already in the public domain, or subsequently
enters the public domain, other than by breach of this Agreement by the Receiving Party.
The foregoing shall not apply to any work product of the Supplier or Performance Data;

19.2.2 is
at any time acquired by the Receiving Party from a Third Party having the right to disclose
the same to the Receiving Party without breach of obligation owed by that Third Party to
the Disclosing Party;

19.2.3 is
required to be disclosed by Applicable Law, stock exchange rules or order of a Gaming Authority
or Competent Authority, provided that any such disclosure is strictly limited to that which
is so required and prior to such disclosure the Receiving Party shall, wherever possible
and permitted by Applicable Law, advise the Disclosing Party of the proposed form of the
disclosure; or

19.2.4 is
independently developed by the Receiving Party without reference to the Confidential Information
of the Disclosing Party.

19.3 Without
prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Disclosing Party may have, the Receiving
Party acknowledges and agrees that the Disclosing Party shall, without proof of special damage,
be entitled to an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened
or actual breach of the provisions of this Clause 19, in addition to any damages or other
remedy to which it may be entitled.

20. AUDIT
AND COOPERATION

20.1 Each
Party shall (and shall procure that its Affiliates shall), during the Term (and for at least
three (3) years thereafter), maintain information, documents and records relating to the
performance of and compliance with this Agreement, including all books of account kept in
accordance with applicable accounting principles in force at the relevant time showing in
detail the GGR, NGR, Stakes and Payouts (the Records).

20.2 Each
Party shall ensure that any recognised firm of auditors appointed by the Supplier have, upon
reasonable but at least forty-eight (48) hours prior notice prior notice, and not more than
once in any twelve (12) month period, (provided that the Supplier may carry out additional
Audits in any twelve (12) month period where: (i) required by any Gaming Authority or in
order to comply with Applicable Law; or (ii) where the Supplier has reasonable grounds to
suspect that the Client has committed a material breach of this Agreement, or has committed
fraud, or a fraudulent misrepresentation) reasonable access to the Clients principal
place of business to inspect and/or audit the Records (with the right to take reasonable
copies) for the purpose of verifying compliance with this Agreement (an Audit)
during the Term and for three (3) years thereafter, provided that the Auditing Party shall
ensure that all information, systems, documents and other materials accessed, inspected,
audited or used in relation to any Audit (including any copies of the same) shall be treated
as Confidential Information of the Audited Party.

20.3 If
any Audit reveals a material breach of this Agreement by the Client, the Client (including,
an underpayment of Fees of 5% or more by the Client), shall reimburse the Supplier for the
costs of such Audit, provided that the Supplier submits to the Client reasonable evidence
of such material breach. In respect of any underpayments (whether greater than 5% or not)
by the Client revealed in any Audit, the Client shall make an appropriate correcting payment
(as well as interest pursuant to Clause 11.5)
to the Supplier within thirty (30) days of receipt of an invoice in respect of the same.

20.4 If
the Client or any of its Affiliates creates a sports betting solution to replace the Service
(or any part thereof) for use after the Termination Date, the Supplier will have the right,
during the Term and for three (3) years after the Termination Date, to require that a Third
Party specialist performs a technical audit of such sports betting solution, in order to
verify that such sports betting solution does not infringe the IPR of the Supplier and/or
any Supplier Affiliate. The Client shall provide all reasonable support, information, cooperation,
and access to such sports betting solution to facilitate such an audit.

26

20.5 Each
Party shall, upon written request, provide to the other Party all relevant information and
documentation which is required by any Gaming Authority and shall cooperate in good faith
with that Party for successful completion of any inquiry or due diligence as may be conducted
from time to time.

20.6 Subject
to clause 20.3, an Auditing Party shall be responsible for all costs howsoever arising in
relation to both Parties in connection with such relevant Audit.

20.7 Any
Records or materials reviewed during an audit shall be deemed Confidential Information.

21. SUSPENSION

21.1 Without
prejudice to its other rights under this Agreement, the Supplier may suspend the provision
of the Service (in whole or in part, including in respect of any part of the Territory) and
any associated obligations and responsibilities under this Agreement if:

21.1.1 the
Supplier receives an opinion from independent counsel which provides that in the opinion
of such counsel, the Client (and/or any of its Affiliates) is in breach of Clauses 10.7.1,
10.7.2 and/or 10.9 and/or the supply (and/or the Clients and/or any of its Affiliates
use) of the Service (or any part thereof) may be considered illegal or entail any type of
civil or criminal liability to the Supplier and/or any of its Affiliates (and/or may expose
any of them to regulatory enforcement, including suspension or revocation of any Gaming Approval),
provided that such counsel is licensed to practise law in the part(s) of the Territory which
is impacted or is licensed in the jurisdiction of such Gaming Approval. If the Client disputes
the grounds for such suspension, either Party may submit the issue to binding arbitration
pursuant to Clause 26.1 and the suspension shall continue until the issue is resolved
by the arbitrator;

21.1.2 either
Party receives: (i) an order or notice by a Gaming Authority to cease the supply and/or use
of the Service (or any part thereof); and/or (ii) an indication from a Gaming Authority that
the Client and/or the Supplier (and/or any of their respective Affiliates and/or any Market
Access Partner) may be in breach of Applicable Law in respect of the supply and/or use of
the Service (or any part thereof) and/or may be subject to regulatory enforcement (including
suspension or revocation of a Gaming Approval) in respect of such supply and/or use. The
suspension mentioned in this Clause shall continue until such Gaming Authority has revoked
such order or notice or retracted such indication;

21.1.3 the
Client (and/or any of its Affiliates) is unable to make use of the Service in all or any
part of the Territory under this Agreement as a result of a withdrawal of any Gaming Approval;
or

21.1.4 the
Client has not paid any invoice [****] by its due date and such payment remains outstanding
following 14 days written notice from the Supplier to remedy such non-payment.

21.2 Both
Parties agree to cooperate in good faith with each other as necessary to implement any suspension
pursuant to Clause 21.1.

22. ASSIGNMENT

22.1 This
Agreement will be binding upon the Parties hereto and will inure to the benefit of each Partys
successors and permitted assigns.

22.2 Unless
agreed otherwise in writing and subject to Clause 22.4, neither Party shall assign any of
its rights or obligations under this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the
other Party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed).

27

22.3 Any
purported assignment or other transfer of rights and obligations that is prohibited under
this Agreement shall be deemed null and void.

22.4 Either
Party may assign its rights and/or obligations to an Affiliate subject to such Affiliate
successfully satisfying any reasonable due diligence process and requirements of the other
Party and complying with this Agreement. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the assigning
Party shall remain primarily liable for any act or omission of any such Affiliate.

23. NON-SOLICITATION

23.1 The
Parties acknowledge and agree that the provision of the Service to the Client by the Supplier
is reliant on the Suppliers and/or its Affiliates employees and individual
contractors, and the Supplier has legitimate interests in protecting its employees and individual
contractors from being solicited for employment or direct service provision by the Client
and/or its Affiliates.

23.2 Therefore,
the Parties agree that, for the duration of the period: (i) from the Effective Date to the
Termination Date; and (ii) for one (1) year following the Termination Date, neither Party
shall, and shall ensure that its Affiliates and its subcontractors do not, without the prior
written consent of the other Party, in [****]:

23.2.1 solicit
or offer employment to, or

23.2.2 accept
services from,

an
employee or individual contractor of the other Party and/or any of its Affiliates who has:

(a) in
the case of an employee or individual contractor of the Supplier and/or any of its Affiliates,
either:

(i) performed
duties that are directly related to the provision of the Service to the Client; or

(ii) is
or has been a member of the Suppliers software development team,

in
both cases in the two (2) years prior to the Client seeking to either solicit or offer employment to or accept services from such employee
or individual contractor; or

(b) in
the case of an employee or individual contractor of the Client and/or any of its Affiliates,
been involved in the award and subsequent performance of this Agreement or is a member of
the Clients software development team.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, neither Party shall be prohibited from employing or accepting services from employees or individual contractors of the
other Party and/or any of its Affiliates who respond to a general advertisement to the public.

24. FORCE
MAJEURE

24.1 A
Party shall not be deemed to be in breach of this Agreement, otherwise be liable to the other
Party or its Affiliates, by reason of any delay in performance, or non-performance, of any
of its obligations hereunder (save for obligations relating to payment of any sums due) to
the extent that such delay or non-performance is due to a Force Majeure Event and the time
for performance of that obligation shall be extended by the duration of the Force Majeure
Event and a reasonable period thereafter.

24.2 [****]

28

25. NOTICE

25.1 Any
notice, consent, request, demand, approval, waiver, or other communication to be given or
made under or in connection with this Agreement (each a Notice) must
be in the English language, legible and in writing and be signed by, or on behalf of, the
Party giving it.

25.2 A
Notice must be served by one of the following methods (and all references to time are to
the local time at the place of deemed receipt):

25.2.1 by
hand to the relevant address set out in Clause 25.4 and shall be deemed to have been
served upon delivery if delivered before 17:00 on a Business Day at the delivery location,
or at the start of the next Business Day if delivered at any other time; or

25.2.2 by
sending a PDF version of the Notice to the email address set out in Clause 25.4 and
shall be deemed served at noon on the Business Day after the email was sent, provided that
in proving service, it shall be sufficient to produce a computer printout indicating that
the message was sent to the recipients email address. Where the Notice is given for
breach, termination or a claim under indemnity, a copy of the Notice must also be delivered
by hand.

25.3 This
Clause does not apply to a notice given in legal proceedings, arbitration, or other dispute
resolution proceedings.

25.4 Each
Partys addresses for service are as follows (or such other address(es) as a Party
may notify to the other Party in writing from time to time by not less than five (5) Business
Days notice):

Client Supplier

Name:
[****] Name:
[****]

Address:
1645 Pine Tree Lane, Suite 2, Sarasota, Florida, 34236, USA Address:
Third Floor, One Queen Caroline Street, London, W6 9HQ

Email:
[****] Email:
[****]

26. DISPUTE
RESOLUTION

26.1 The
Parties shall attempt in good faith to negotiate a settlement to any dispute between them
arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (the Dispute) within
fifteen (15) Business Days of either Party notifying the other of the Dispute in writing
and such efforts shall involve the escalation of the Dispute to a senior manager or director
(or equivalent) of each Party. If the Dispute cannot be resolved by the Parties pursuant
to this Clause the Parties may refer such Dispute to arbitration pursuant to Clause 
26.2 below. The obligations of the Parties under this Agreement shall not cease, be suspended,
or delayed by the reference of a Dispute to arbitration and each Party, its subcontractors
and their officers, employees and agents shall comply fully with this Agreement at all times.

26.2 Following
escalation in accordance with Clause 26.1, any unresolved Dispute shall be referred
to and finally resolved by arbitration under the American Arbitration Association Rules (the
Rules), which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into
this Clause. The number of arbitrators will be one. The seat or legal place of arbitration
shall be Delaware, USA and the language to be used in the arbitration shall be English, and
the arbitration shall be conducted in complete confidence, subject to the exceptions described
in Clause 19.2 and subject to the ability to disclose to advisors.

26.3 Any
disputes regarding the arbitration process as described in Clause 26 will be subject to the
law of the State of Delaware.

29

26.4 The
Parties agree for the purpose of the enforcement of any arbitral award issued hereunder to
submit to the jurisdiction of any court in any jurisdiction in which such Party has assets,
and for such purpose waive any defence of absence of jurisdiction in any such court for such
purpose.

26.5 Nothing
in this Clause 26 shall prevent either Party from seeking from any Competent Authority an
interim order restraining the other Party from doing any act or compelling the other Party
to do any act.

27. GENERAL

27.1 This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will constitute an
original, but which will together constitute one agreement. Any counterpart may be executed
and delivered by pdf or other electronic format, and any such counterpart shall be deemed
enforceable to the same extent as an original.

27.2 No
announcement, communication or other public disclosure concerning this Agreement or any of
the matters contained in it shall be made by, or on behalf of, a Party without the prior
written approval of the other Party (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed), except as permitted in accordance with this Clause 27.2 and/or Clause
19.2.3 and/or as envisaged by Clause 13.2. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent permitted
by Applicable Law, the Client shall not disclose the terms of this Agreement in public filings
without the prior written approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed) of the Supplier concerning the redaction of content which the Supplier considers
commercially sensitive or prejudicial to its business interests. Where such announcement,
communication or disclosure is subject to approval, after it has been so approved either
Party may publish the same on any and all channels as such Party considers reasonably appropriate.
Other than where Applicable Law requires otherwise, the Client shall be solely responsible
for managing communications with Customers and the Client shall not identify the Supplier
in any such communication or disclosure (other than where that has been agreed in writing
in advance by the Supplier).

27.3 Nothing
in this Agreement and no action taken by the Parties in connection with it will create a
partnership or joint venture between the Parties or give either Party authority to act as
the agent of or in the name of or on behalf of the other Party or to bind the other Party
or to hold itself out as being entitled to do so.

27.4 A
delay in exercising or failure to exercise a right or remedy under or in connection with
this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of, or prevent or restrict future exercise of,
that or any other right or remedy, nor will the single or partial exercise of a right or
remedy prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.

27.5 A
waiver of any right, remedy, breach, or default will only be valid if it is in writing, and
only in the circumstances and for the purpose for which the waiver was given and will not
constitute a waiver of any other right, remedy, breach, or default.

27.6 As
of the execution Date, this Agreement amends, replaces, and supersedes the Original Framework
Agreement in its entirety. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties
and supersedes and replaces any prior agreement or arrangement in respect of its subject
matter. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall affect any claims, rights,
actions, or demands that either Party may have against the other for monetary damages, under
or in connection with the Original Framework Agreement, arising before the Execution Date.
For the avoidance of doubt, subject to Clause 14.1, the reservation of rights in the immediately
preceding sentence does not include the right to terminate this Agreement, nor to suspend
the Services, due to any acts or omissions prior to the Execution Date.

30

27.7 No
representation, undertaking or promise shall be taken to have been given or be implied from
anything said or written in negotiations, or from any assurance, misrepresentation, representation
or statement (whether made by the Supplier or any other person and whether made to Client
or any other person) which is not expressly set out in this Agreement. Neither Party shall
have any remedy in respect of any untrue statement made by the other upon which that Party
relied in entering into this Agreement. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the only remedy
available to a Party in respect of a breach of any representation which is incorporated into
this Agreement shall be for breach of contract. Nothing in this Clause 27.7 will be
interpreted or construed as limiting or excluding the liability of any person for fraud or
fraudulent misrepresentation.

27.8 The
only remedy available to either Party for breach of this Agreement shall be for breach of
contract.

27.9 If
any term, or part of a term, of this Agreement is found by any court or body or authority
of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unlawful, void or unenforceable, such term will
be deemed to be severed from this Agreement and this will not affect the remainder of this
Agreement which will continue in full force and effect. In this event, the Client and the
Supplier will agree, in accordance with Clause 27.12, a valid and enforceable term
to replace the severed term which, to the maximum extent possible, achieves the Parties
original commercial intention and has the same economic effect as the severed term.

27.10 Other
than the Suppliers Affiliates and the Clients Affiliates that have been subcontracted
rights in accordance with Clause 2.4, a person who is not a Party to this Agreement has no
right to enforce such Agreement. The Parties may vary or rescind this Agreement without the
consent of their respective Affiliates.

27.11 Subject
to Clause 12.7.5, this Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in
connection with it will be governed by the law of the State of Delaware.

27.12 No
variation of this Agreement will be valid or effective unless made in writing, referring
to this Agreement and duly signed by, or on behalf of, each Party. No variation of this Agreement
will be deemed to be a waiver of any right, remedy, breach, or default of this Agreement.

31

Schedule
1

Commercial
Terms

The
Fee shall be calculated as follows:

1. BUSINESS
FEE AND MINIMUM GUARANTEE

In
this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

Minimum
Guarantee means: [****]

except
that, where (i) the first Live Launch occurs part-way through a calendar month, or (ii) the Agreement terminates part-way through a calendar
month, the Minimum Guarantee shall be pro-rated accordingly for such calendar month.

1.1 The
Business Fee shall be calculated as a percentage of NGR in the relevant calendar month and
such percentage shall vary depending on the cumulative amount of GGR generated during the
twelve (12) month period commencing either with the first Live Launch or with each anniversary
of the first Live Launch, as applicable (Yearly GGR), as set out below:
[****]

1.2 The
Business Fee does not include any fees, charges, costs, or expenses for Data and Content
Services and any such fees, costs, charges or expenses shall be borne by the Client pursuant
to paragraphs 2 and 2.3 below.

1.3 [****]

1.4 At
the end of each calendar month, commencing with the calendar month in which the first Live
Launch occurs, the Supplier shall calculate the Business Fee ([****]) for that calendar
month and the Supplier shall invoice the Client for and the Client shall pay the Supplier
such Business Fee in accordance with Clause 11. At the end of each calendar quarter, the
Suppliers invoice shall also include the balance of the Minimum Guarantee applicable
to that calendar quarter to the extent that the Business Fees in respect of such period do
not exceed the Minimum Guarantee for such period.

1.5 [****]

1.6 The
Client shall pay the Supplier the sum [****] (the Up-Front Payment)
payable as follows: (i) [****], which amount was previously paid to Supplier upon
the execution of the Original Framework Agreement, and (ii) [****] to be payable 90
days after the Execution Date or Live Launch, whichever is earlier.

1.7 [****]

2. CONTENT
SERVICES (OPTIONAL)

2.1 The
Client shall reimburse the Supplier for the actual costs incurred by the Supplier for the
provision of the following optional Data and Content Services, where the Client elects to
take such services (confirmation in writing, including email, to the Supplier shall suffice):

live
scores, statistics, visualisation, and other optional add-ons from Sportradar (or such other
Third Party as notified by the Supplier to the Client from time to time); and

any
other optional Data and Content Services notified by the Supplier to the Client from time
to time.

2.2 The
Client acknowledges that the costs for the optional Data and Content Services referenced
in paragraph 2.1 above are subject to change, which is not under the Suppliers control.
In the event of any such change, the Supplier shall notify the Client as soon as reasonably
practicable.

32

2.3 To
the extent that the Supplier makes available a proprietary soccer visualisation service,
and if such a service is requested by the Client in writing, the Supplier will provide such
service in return for a fee of [****], which shall be included in the invoices submitted
under Clause 11. If the Supplier develops a visualisation service in relation to additional
sports, the fee for such visualisation service shall be subject to agreement between the
Parties.

3. DATA
PACKAGE

3.1 The
Client shall purchase a package of data and/or content relating to Pre-Match Events and In-Play
Events from the Supplier (the Data Package). The fees for the Data Package
are set out in paragraph 5 of this Schedule 1 (Data Package Fee), and those sums shall
be included in the invoices submitted under Clause 11. The Supplier will neither make any
profit from, nor apply any mark-up to, the costs of data that are charged to the Client in
accordance with this Schedule 1.

3.2 The
Supplier reserves the right to select the Data and Content Providers that are used, at its
sole discretion.

3.3 The
Client acknowledges that:

the
events for which data is provided, as described in the table in paragraph 5 of
this Schedule 1, may be subject to change at the Suppliers sole discretion;

the
Suppliers Data and Content Service costs may increase over time and the Supplier reserves
the right to vary the fees (and/or basis upon which the fees are calculated) of any Data
and Content Services affected by such cost increases, or exclude any part of the Service
at its sole discretion. The Supplier will inform the Client with reasonable advance notice
of any such decision.

3.4 Subject
to Clause 14.1, the Supplier will have no liability to provide any part of the Service
or for any delay in the provision of any part of the Service which is dependent on Data and
Content Services (and may, at its sole discretion, immediately suspend or terminate the provision
of the same):

where
the Client does not (i) elect in accordance with paragraph 2.1 to take relevant optional
Data and Content Services; (ii) comply with Clause 6.8; (iii) provide the Supplier with reasonable
evidence that the Client has complied with the requirements referred to in Clause 6.8; and/or
(iv) does not promptly pay the required fees, or states an intention not to pay the required
fees, for any relevant Data and Content Services; and/or

where
it is caused by any failure or delay by the Data and Content Providers to provide any data
or content.

4. MULTI-BRANDS

Certain
Data and Content Providers charge for Data and Content Services on a per brand and/or per territory basis. If the Supplier provides the
Service to the Client in respect of multiple brands and/or territories and such provision causes the Supplier to incur additional costs
or deductions from such Data and Content Providers, such costs or deductions shall be recharged to the Client and included in the invoices
submitted under Clause 11. The Client has the right to reject any such prices
provided that rejecting any such prices may mean that the Service (or, at the Suppliers discretion, part thereof) will not be
provided, other than in respect of a single brand and/or territory of the Client.

5. DATA
PACKAGE FEE

5.1 For
the purposes of this paragraph 5, the following definitions shall apply:

Live
NGR means, in respect of each calendar month, [****]; and

Pre-Match
NGR means in respect of each calendar month, [****];

5.2 The
fees for the Data and Content Package are set out in the following table:

[****]

6. [****]

33

schedule
2

Service
Terms

1. SPORTSBOOK
SERVICE

1.1 The
Service comprises:

the
provision and hosting of the Suppliers frontend application in HTML5 for desktop and
touch devices, adapted for different screen sizes (e.g. mobile, tablet, desktop), and styling
and skinning of such application (Front End), in each case to the extent
agreed in writing (including via email) between the Parties;

the
provision of the Suppliers standard sportsbook offering from time to time, which as
at the date of this Agreement includes:

Pre-Match
and In-Play Event betting and markets (as described in paragraph 2 of this Schedule
2);

functionality
for bet placement;

functionality
for providing results and enabling bet settlement, noting that the Supplier will settle Bet
Offers in a timely manner after the outcome of an event becomes known to the Supplier;

[****]
pricing, Event Risk Management (pursuant to paragraph 3.1of this Schedule 2), result
settlement and Customer Risk Management;

second
line support [****];

[****]
client account management; and Client account support; and

the
additional service(s) (if any) set out in Schedule 3.

1.2 The
Service shall not include the provision of retail terminals or parts thereof unless otherwise
agreed by the Parties in writing.

1.3 The
Supplier may, without liability to the Client or its Affiliates and upon six (6) months
prior written notice (including email) to the Client, replace the Front End for specific
device types (e.g. mobile or tablet) or provide such a replacement via an Affiliate of the
Supplier, at no extra fee to the Client.

2. BETTING
OFFERING CONTENT

2.1 Pre-Match
Betting

The
standard Pre-Match Event betting offering as at the date of this Agreement is specified in Appendix A. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Supplier may optimise such offering in light of changes to the sporting events calendar from time to time and/or in light of other
operational considerations. The standard pre-match betting offering may be varied by the Supplier from time to time.

2.2 In-Play
Event Betting

The
standard In-Play Event betting offering as at the date of this Agreement is specified in Appendix B1 and B2. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Supplier may optimise such offering in light of changes to the sporting events calendar from time to time and/or in
light of other operational considerations. The standard In-Play Event betting offering may be varied by the Supplier from time to time.

2.3 Bespoke
Manual Bets (PR Bet)

The
total maximum number of Bespoke Manual Bets (PR Bet) which the Client may request per week, across the Agreement, is [****].

34

2.4 Notwithstanding
any other provision herein, Supplier may, at its sole discretion, refrain from offering,
or alter the number of Bet Offers, for a particular event, if the Supplier reasonably demonstrates
that: (i) an event is considered suspicious (ii) information about an event is uncertain;
(iii) the result of an event has no bearing on the outcome of a particular tournament/league
(a so-called dead rubber event); or (iv) the estimated odds are below 1.01.

2.5 Without
prejudice to Clause 2.3 of this Agreement, the Client may exclude certain Bet Offers
or event groups from the Client Gaming Platform. The Client will have access to relevant
settings to give effect to any such exclusion.

3. RISK
MANAGEMENT

3.1 Event
Risk Management

Decisions
with regard to risk exposure per event group, per event and per Bet Offer may be taken by the Supplier in its sole discretion. Any instance
where the total risk per Bet Offer, treating all bets as if they were singles (where multiple bets each leg of the multiple is treated
as a single) has exceeded [****] (the Risk Amount) shall be notified to the Client for information purposes.
The Parties may amend the Risk Amount by agreement in writing.

3.2 Customer
Risk Management

The
categories of Customer Risk Management Data may need to be modified on agreement between the Parties from time to time for the purpose
of improving Customer Risk Management. Customer Risk Management Data will be used by the Supplier to conduct Customer Risk Management
and to create and enhance Customer risk profiles and from time to time the Supplier may match elements of the Customer Risk Management
Data across the Suppliers platform in order to do so.

Other
than the limited Agreement Personal Data provided to the Supplier for the purpose of providing the Service, the Client shall ensure that
the Supplier will have no access to any other data that the Client holds on its Customers, and the Client will be the sole party communicating
with Customers. In order for the Client to communicate professionally with Customers, the Supplier shall, as soon as reasonably practicable
after receipt of the Clients written request, provide to the Client all relevant information in the Suppliers possession
or control in connection with the Service concerning Customers who are affected by Suppliers Customer Risk Management decisions.

Notwithstanding
any other provision herein, the Supplier may use Performance Data and pseudonymised Agreement Personal Data to enhance its services and
service offerings to its clients from time to time.

3.3 Partial
Bet Approval

Risk
Management includes the monitoring and management of risk exposure, including the partial acceptance of bets (PBA), the
refusal to accept a particular bet due to enhanced customer due diligence and management of suspicious bets.

[****].

3.4 Theoretical
Payback

The
theoretical payback and related parameters to be employed by Supplier for all sports, events and bet types are set forth in Appendix
A, provided that the Supplier may make changes to such payback and related parameters at its sole discretion. The Supplier may from time
to time provide access to a tool or functionality that enables the Client to adjust theoretical payback for some Bet Offers.

3.5 Risk
Monitoring

The
Client will have access to a book status report via the Suppliers back office tool where the aggregated risks by Bet Offer can
be monitored in real-time.

35

schedule
3

Additional
Services

1. RETAIL
TERMS

1.1 The
Service shall include the Suppliers standard retail sportsbook offering, which includes
the provision of the software client for self-service Retail Terminals and the software client
for over-the-counter Retail Terminals (and the maintenance of such software in accordance
with the SLA).

1.2 All
Retail Terminals are the sole responsibility of the Client including:

the
physical maintenance and support of the Retail Terminals and ensuring they remain in good
working order;

the
bespoke modifications (if any) in adapting the Service to be compatible with such Retail
Terminals, so long as any such modifications are approved by the Supplier in writing in advance
of their implementation; and

monitoring
the proper functioning of the Retail Terminals and upon becoming aware of any error or malfunction
of any of the Retail Terminals, informing the Supplier as soon as practicable.

2. [****]

36

schedule
4

Service
Level Agreement (SLA)

1. DEFINITIONS

In
this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, the following words have the following meanings:

Downtime
means any time during which the Sportsbook Offering API and/or the Sportsbook Player API is not meeting the response time targets set
out in paragraphs 2.1 and 2.2 of this SLA;

Emergency
Maintenance means a type of reactive maintenance deployed to prevent an imminent and serious threat or malfunction that can
cause a considerable infrastructural or operational impact on the Service;

Excusable
Cause means any of the following causes:

(a) Scheduled
Maintenance and/or Emergency Maintenance;

(b) any
fault, failure, unavailability, non-responsiveness and/or service degradation in (i) [****];
(ii) any equipment, telecommunications systems, hardware or software of the Client, any of
its Affiliates and/or any Client Contractors; (iii) any Third Party facilities, software,
hardware and/or services used in connecting the Client Gaming Platform to the Suppliers
systems and/or the Service (such as cloud, hosting, datacentre, DNS and/or ISP services);
and/or (iv) [****];

(c) improper
use of the Service by the Client, any Client Contractor or any of their respective Affiliates
or any alteration, modification to, or relocation of any software of the Supplier by anyone
other than the Supplier or its authorised representatives;

(d) any
breach of this Agreement and/or any act or omission (including negligence or wilful misconduct)
by the Client, any of its Affiliates or any Client Contractor (including the Supplier complying
with a Clients request to postpone troubleshooting in respect of any Incident or Downtime)
which impacts on the Suppliers ability to provide all or any part of the Service;
and/or

(e) any
[****].

Monthly
Quota means [****];

Scheduled
Maintenance means maintenance of the Sportsbook Offering API, the Sportsbook Player API and/or any hardware, software, systems
and/or data used by or on behalf of the Supplier in connection with the provision of the Service, which is either: (a) carried out by
or on behalf of the Supplier within a maintenance window, as informed to the Client in writing at least ten (10) days in advance (or
five (5) days in advance if conducted between 04:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. on weekdays, CET) provided that the total downtime on account
of scheduled maintenance does not exceed the Monthly Quota (whereas any scheduled maintenance exceeding such cap will not be considered
Scheduled Maintenance), or (b) requested by the Client or any of its Affiliates for the purposes of enhancing or supplementing the Service.
Any maintenance requested by the Client (irrespective of its duration or when it occurs) shall be Scheduled Maintenance;

37

Service
Availability means the percentage calculated from time to time using the formula A = (T-D) / T where:

A
means the service availability (expressed as a percentage);

D
means the total number of minutes of Downtime (excluding Downtime resulting from an Excusable Cause) in the relevant month; and

T
means the total number of minutes in the relevant month;

Service
Day means a working day in Sweden, excluding public holidays;

Service
Hours means 9:00 to 17:00 Central European Time (CET), on weekdays, excluding public holidays; and

Sportsbook
Clients means the web, retail (if applicable) and mobile clients for the Suppliers sportsbook offering.

2. MEASUREMENT
OF SERVICE AVAILABILITY AND OTHER METRICS

Sportsbook
Offering API

2.1 This
API has a target average response of delivering complete and accurate data within no more
than [****] in the relevant month, measured by the Supplier at [****] intervals.

Sportsbook
Player API

2.2 There
are [****] major API calls that are used to validate and place betting coupons. [****]
these API calls have a target average response of delivering complete and accurate data
within no more than [****] in the relevant month, measured by the Supplier at [****]
intervals.

2.3 Methodology
for measurement of metrics in this SLA shall be determined by the Supplier and measured at
the Suppliers production sites. The Client shall have the right to appoint a Third
Party professional auditor to inspect the measurement methods and the collected data upon
reasonable request, at the cost of the Client, and upon giving no less than thirty (30) days
notice, provided that: (i) any such inspection does not materially interfere with the Suppliers
normal business; (ii) inspections are limited to no more than [****] per calendar
year; and (iii) such auditor signs a confidentiality agreement provided by the Supplier.

2.4 The
Supplier shall proactively monitor Service Availability and the functionality of the APIs
described in this SLA using its monitoring tools, and shall as soon as practicable notify
the Client upon identifying any Downtime.

2.5 The
Client shall monitor the proper functioning of the Client Gaming Platform and upon becoming
aware of any Incident, whether in the Service or the Client Gaming Platform, shall promptly
notify the Supplier.

2.6 The
Supplier reserves the right to block any traffic accessing its systems and APIs from time
to time that is not directly related to providing the Service for use in accordance with
this Agreement.

3. SCHEDULED
MAINTENANCE

3.1 The
Supplier will use reasonable endeavours to only conduct Scheduled Maintenance during maintenance
windows on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesdays.

3.2 The
Client may reasonably request any maintenance window to be rescheduled, by written notice
to the Supplier within three (3) days of receiving Suppliers notice. Such written
notice by the Client shall contain justifications for the rescheduling. The Supplier will
use reasonable endeavours to accommodate such request, provided that such maintenance window
is only applicable to the Client (and not other clients of the Supplier from time to time).

3.3 Any
scheduled maintenance that exceeds the Monthly Quota or is performed outside the maintenance
windows shall be notified to the Client as soon as practicable after it becomes known to
the Supplier.

38

3.4 If
the time for a maintenance window is exceeded by more than [****], it will be considered
an Incident and will not be considered Scheduled Maintenance.

4. LIQUIDATED
DAMAGES FOR FAILURE TO ACHIEVE MINIMUM SERVICE AVAILABILITY LEVEL

4.1 In
respect of any calendar month in which Service Availability is below [****], a percentage
deduction from the Business Fee payable to the Supplier for such calendar month shall be
applied by way of liquidated damages as follows: [****].

4.2 The
Client acknowledges that the liquidated damages set out in this SLA are a genuine pre-estimate
of the Loss likely to be suffered by the Client and/or its Affiliates in respect of any failure
to meet the requirements in the SLA, and, subject to Clause 14.1, shall be the
Clients (and its Affiliates) sole and exclusive remedy for any such failure.

5. INCIDENT
DEFINITION AND RESPONSE TIMES

[****]

The
remedies set out in this Schedule 4 in respect of an Incident shall be the Clients sole remedy for any Incident, except that,
to the extent that an Incident causes an Operational Issue, then Clause 15 shall apply to the treatment of the Operational Issue
that was caused by that Incident.

6. INCIDENT
REPORTING AND UPDATES

6.1 The
Supplier shall provide second-line Incident reporting and handling services to the Client
(and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to any Customers) on a 24/7 basis as set out below.
The Supplier is not responsible for, or liable for any Loss resulting from, an Incident that
is the result of an Excusable Cause.

Critical
and High Priority Incidents - Incident Reporting

6.2 Critical
and High Priority Incidents (as described in paragraph 5 above) detected by the Client shall
be reported by the Client to the Suppliers IT Operations Helpdesk via email (noc@kambi.com)
(which may be updated from time to time and notified to the Client) or the Suppliers
Incident management system.

6.3 Critical
and High Priority Incidents detected by the Supplier shall be reported by the Supplier to
the Clients point of contact via telephone or email as soon as reasonably practical.

Medium
and Low Priority Incidents Incident Reporting

6.4 Medium
and Low Priority Incidents (as described in paragraph 5 above) detected by the Client
shall be reported by the Client to the Suppliers incident management system or via
email.

6.5 Medium
and Low Priority Incidents detected by the Supplier shall be reported by the Supplier to
the Clients NOC or equivalent via email.

Incidents
Updates

6.6 The
Supplier will provide the Client with status updates as frequently as set out in the table
in paragraph 5 above (according to Incident priority) until the Incident has been resolved,
unless otherwise agreed between the Parties (including by email).

6.7 Without
limiting the foregoing, the Client may require the Supplier to formulate a remedy plan (for
Critical and High Priority Incidents only), in which case the Supplier shall, within a reasonable
timescale (having regard to the severity of the Incident), formulate and provide to the Client
a remedy plan which shall include:

the
known or suspected causes of the Incident;

39

the
remedial actions which the Supplier intends to take in order to restore performance; and

a
proposed, high level timetable for the completion of such actions if such Incident is ongoing
for more than [****].

6.8 Incident
Resolution Reports

At
the request of the Client, the Supplier shall send an Incident report to the Client within
[****] Service Days of resolving a Critical or High Priority Incident by providing
a fix or workaround.

The
Clients point of contact for all communications concerning this SLA shall be its NOC,
unless notified otherwise by the Client to the Supplier in writing.

7. Software
Errors

Each
Party shall use reasonable endeavours to mitigate the impact of any Software Errors, including by taking all reasonable measures to prevent
Customers from withdrawing winnings resulting from such Software Error, to the extent it is permitted under Applicable Law. Subject to
Clause 14.1, the Supplier shall not be liable for any such withdrawal which could have reasonably been prevented by the
Client, any Client Contractor and/or any of their respective Affiliates and the Supplier shall only be liable, subject always to Clause
14, to the extent that Losses are not recovered by the Client in any way. This paragraph 7 shall not apply to the
extent that any Software Error gives rise to any Operational Issue, in which case Clause 15 above shall apply.

8. CLIENT
RESPONSIBLITIES IN RELATION TO THE SLA

8.1 Before
reporting an Incident or Downtime to the Suppliers technical support, the Client shall
perform first level problem determination to confirm that the problem experienced by the
Client is not connected to the Client Gaming Platform and/or the Clients, its Affiliates
and/or its Client Contractors hardware, software, or local area network.

8.2 When
reporting any suspected Incident or Downtime to the Suppliers technical support, the
Client must report:

when
the problem started;

a
description of the symptoms; and

any
other pertinent information related to the problem.

8.3 The
Client shall provide all reasonable assistance to cooperate with the Suppliers personnel
during any troubleshooting by or on behalf of the Supplier.

8.4 The
Client shall promptly notify the Supplier if the Incident or Downtime is solved, or if the
Incident has been located on, or caused by, hardware/software not provided by the Supplier.

40

schedule
5

New
Territory Form

THIS
NEW TERRITORY FORM is agreed on the last date of signature of the Parties below

BETWEEN:

(1) [KAMBI
ENTITY], a company registered in [] under company registration number []
whose registered office is at [] (the Supplier); and

(2) [CLIENT
PARTY], a company registered in [] under company number [] whose registered
office is at [] (the Client),

both
hereafter referred to as Parties, or individually as a Party.

BACKGROUND:

Whereas
the Supplier and Client entered into an Amended and Restated Agreement for the Provision of a Sports Betting Solution dated [INSERT DATE][,
which was amended by [INSERT AMENDMENTS IF ANY],] in relation to the supply of a sports betting solution (the Agreement).

In
accordance with Clause 27.12 of the Agreement, the Parties agree with effect from [the last date of signature of the Parties below]
[or] [insert date] as follows.

1. NEW
TERRITORIES:

The
following [certain countries, states, provinces, or other territories are][country, state, province, or other territory is] added to
the definition of Territory:

[INSERT]

2. [OTHER
VARIATIONS:

[CONSIDER
IN EACH NTF WHETHER TO INCLUDE:

For
the avoidance of doubt, as of the effective date of this New Territory Form, and irrespective of any provision in the Agreement to the
contrary, the exclusivity provisions in Clause 3 of the Agreement shall apply to the Territories listed in Paragraph 1 of this New Territory
Form.]

[INSERT
ANY OTHER VARIATIONS]]

3. GENERAL:

The
terms used in this New Territory Form shall have the same meaning as in the Agreement, unless otherwise indicated in this New Territory
Form.

Clauses
12 (Data Protection), 19 (Confidentiality), 25 (Notice), 26 (Dispute Resolution), 27 (General) of the Agreement
will apply equally to any interpretation of this New Territory Form as if they were repeated here in whole.

41

SIGNATURE
PAGE NEW TERRITORY FORM

SIGNED
BY or on behalf of the Parties.

Signed
by _______________________________ )

a
duly authorised signatory for and on behalf of )

[KAMBI
PARTY]: )

Date Signature

Signed
by _______________________________ )

a
duly authorised signatory for and on behalf of )

[CLIENT
PARTY]: )

Date Signature

[Foreign
company/LLP executing an agreement 

[OPTION
1 

Executed
by affixing )

the common
seal of )

[NAME
OF COMPANY/LLP] )

in the
presence of: )

Signature
of authorised signatory

Signature
of authorised signatory

Date]

[OPTION
2 

Signed
on behalf of )

[NAME
OF COMPANY/LLP] )

a [company][LLP]
incorporated in )

[COUNTRY] )

by [NAME
OF OFFICER] )

[and
[NAME OF OFFICER]] )

being
[a person][persons] who, )

in accordance
with the laws of that )

territory,
[is][are] acting under the )

authority
of that [company][LLP] )

Signature
of authorised signatory

Signature
of authorised signatory

Date]]

42

schedule
6

New
Territory Local Affiliate Form

THIS
NEW TERRITORY LOCAL AFFILIATE FORM is made BETWEEN:

(1) [KAMBI
ENTITY], a company registered in [] under company registration number []
whose registered office is at [] (the Supplier);

(2) [CLIENT
PARTY], a company registered in [] under company number [] whose registered
office is at [] (the Client);

(3) [CLIENT
AFFILIATE], a company registered in [] under company number [] whose registered
office is at [] (the Local Client Affiliate); and

(4) [KAMBI
AFFILIATE], a company registered in [] under company registration number []
whose registered office is at [] (the Local Supplier Affiliate),

hereafter
referred to as Parties, or individually as a Party for the remainder of this New Territory
Local Affiliate Form. This New Territory Local Affiliate Form forms part of the Amended and Restated Agreement for the Provision of a
Sports Betting Solution dated [INSERT DATE][, which was amended by [INSERT AMENDMENTS IF ANY],] in relation to the supply of a sports
betting solution (the Agreement) entered into between the Supplier and the Client.

BACKGROUND:

Whereas:

1. The
Supplier and Client entered into the Agreement, which sets out:

1.1 in
Clause 2.9, a mechanism for the Parties to add a New Territory to the Agreement and in particular
to document the role of the Local Client Affiliate and the Local Supplier Affiliate in respect
of a New Territory; and

1.2 in
Clause 2.5, the right for an Affiliate of the Client to avail itself of the Service in accordance
with the provisions of that Clause 2.5.

2. The
Supplier and Client agree to add a New Territory and document the addition of that New Territory
in accordance with Clause 2.9 of the Agreement.

In
accordance with Clause 27.12 of the Agreement, the Parties agree, with effect from the date of the last signature of the Parties, as
follows:

1. New
Territories

The
following [certain countries, states, provinces, or other territories are][country, state, province, or other territory is] added to
the definition of Territory:

[INSERT]
(New Territory)

2. Application
of Terms

2.1 The
terms of the Agreement shall apply to the provision of the Service in the New Territory.

2.2 This
New Territory Local Entity Form shall automatically cease to apply on the date that the Agreement
terminates or expires, in whole or in part where any such partial termination or expiry is
in relation to the New Territory set out herein, without any further action being required
by the Parties.

43

3. Status

3.1 This
New Territory Local Affiliate Form is supplemental to the Agreement and describes the mechanism
under which the Local Client Affiliate is entitled to benefit from the Service and the Local
Supplier Affiliate shall provide the Service as a subcontractor of the Supplier. The Local
Client Affiliate is availing itself of the Service in accordance with Clause 2.5 of
the Agreement and the Local Supplier Affiliate is providing the Service in its capacity as
a subcontractor of the Supplier.

3.2 The
execution of this New Territory Local Affiliate Form will not increase the total aggregate
liability of the Supplier and its Affiliates, or the total aggregate liability of the Client
and its Affiliates under the Agreement. Accordingly, the caps and exclusions of liability
under the Agreement will apply to the Agreement and this New Territory Local Affiliate Form
in aggregate. All limitations on the liability of the Supplier will continue to operate to
limit the liability of the Supplier and the liability of all of its Affiliates (including
the Local Supplier Affiliate) under the Agreement and this New Territory Local Affiliate
Form, and the exclusions of liability in the Agreement will apply to the Supplier and its
Affiliates (including the Local Supplier Affiliate).

3.3 The
Client Affiliate has been provided with a copy of the Agreement and without prejudice to
Clause 14.7 of the Agreement confirms that it shall observe, perform and be bound by
the provisions of the Agreement.

3.4 The
Supplier and Client do not intend that any term of the Agreement will be enforceable by the
Local Client Affiliate whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or
otherwise.

4. General

4.1 Capitalised
terms used in this New Territory Local Affiliate Form shall have the meaning set out in the
Agreement, except as otherwise set out in this New Territory Local Affiliate Form.

4.2 Clauses
12 (Data Protection), 19 (Confidentiality), 25 (Notice), 26 (Dispute Resolution)
and 27 (General) of the Agreement will apply equally to any interpretation of this
New Territory Local Affiliate Form as if they were repeated here in whole.

4.3 The
provisions in Clause 12 and Schedule 7 of the Agreement, in relation to the signature
of the Agreement and the Parties deeming to sign Restricted Transfers, apply effectively
to this New Territory Local Affiliate Form. By signing this New Territory Local Affiliate
Form this will also constitute deemed signing of the relevant Restricted Transfer agreement.

SIGNED
BY or on behalf of the Parties.

Signed
by ______________________________ )

a
duly authorised signatory for and on behalf of )

[KAMBI
PARTY]: )

Date
Signature

Signed
by ______________________________ )

a
duly authorised signatory for and on behalf of )

[KAMBI
AFFILIATE]: )

Date Signature

Signed
by )

a
duly authorised signatory for and on behalf of )

[CLIENT
PARTY]: )

Date Signature

Signed
by )

a
duly authorised signatory for and on behalf of )

[CLIENT
AFFILIATE]: )

Date Signature

44

schedule
7

Appendix
to Standard Contractual Clauses

Optional
Clause selection in the controller to controller Standard Contractual Clauses:

1. Standard
Contractual Clauses, Clause 7 Docking Clause included.

2. Standard
Contractual Clauses, Clause 11 Independent disputes mechanism for data subjects 
excluded.

3. Standard
Contractual Clauses, Clause 17 Governing Law this shall be the law of Ireland
(as noted in Clause 11.6.5 of the Agreement).

4. Standard
Contractual Clauses, Clause 18(b) Choice of forum and jurisdiction this shall
be Ireland and the forums as noted in Clause 11.6.5 of the Agreement).

45

ANNEX
I

LIST
OF PARTIES

1. Data
Exporter

For
the purpose of this Schedule, the Data Exporter is the Supplier and any relevant Supplier Affiliates, as confirmed by the Supplier from
time to time.

2. Data
Importer

For
the purpose of this Schedule, the Data Importer is the Client and any relevant Client Affiliates it has notified to the Supplier under
Clause 2.4 of the Agreement.

DESCRIPTION
OF TRANSFER

3. Data
Subjects

The
personal data transferred concern the following categories of data subjects: past, present, prospective and future Customers, and Supplier
employees.

4. Categories
of Data

The
personal data transferred concern the following categories of data:

4.1 the
Data Importers unique player identification number that is used to identify each specific
data subject that is a customer of the Data Importer;

4.2 the
Data Exporters unique player identification number that is generated for each new
player on the Data Exporters platform and which is linked to the Data Importers
unique player identification number;

4.3 the
Data Exporters device identification or fingerprint that is used to
identify a particular device or item of terminal equipment from which a player makes use
of the Service;

4.4 the
IP address from which a player accesses the Data Exporters platform to place a bet;

4.5 data
concerning particular bets placed on the Data Exporters platform including the value
of the bet, the nature of the event, the time of the bet and the odds at the time of the
bet;

4.6 the
risk profile that the Data Exporter generates for particular players on its platform; and

4.7 recommendations
generated by the Data Exporter with respect to a players credit limit.

5. Sensitive
Data

Not
applicable.

6. The
frequency of the transfer

Personal
data is transferred on continuous basis.

7. Nature
of the processing

The
nature of the processing is any operation such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration,
retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction,
erasure or destruction.

46

8. Purposes
of the transfer(s)

The
transfer is made for the following purposes:

8.1 Business
operations: Management reporting and analysis, accounting, financial reporting, business
planning, maintaining records relating to business activities.

8.2 Risk
Management: Undertaking risk management processes and communicating risks and findings to
the Data Importer, including:

(a) to
detect fraud and to manage other risks associated with particular users placing bets with
the Data Importer and on the Data Exporters platform;

(b) to
place a player(s) within a different betting risk profile;

(c) to
revise (either up or down) a players betting limit; and

(d) the
specific guidelines and risk parameters to be used for making decisions on the profitability
of a given player in light of any specific insight which the Data Exporter may have about
that player.

8.3 Compliance
with contractual obligations: Complying with contractual obligations between the Data Importer
and the Data Exporter.

8.4 Compliance
with data subject rights: Communicating with the Data Importer with respect to the exercise
by any data subjects of their rights under applicable data protection laws, which may include
subject access requests, rights to object and rights to erase their data.

8.5 Compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements: Complying with applicable legal and regulatory requirements;
conducting audits; compliance with law enforcement and similar requests in accordance with
applicable law; pursuing legal rights and remedies; defending litigation and managing any
internal complaints or claims.

9. The
period for which the personal data will be retained

Personal
data will not be held for longer than is necessary for the purposes described above.

10. Contact
points for data protection enquiries:

Please
refer to the Data Importers Player Privacy Notice at such website address as notified to the Data Exporter from time to time.

Please
refer to Data Exporters player fair processing notice which can be located at the following address: https://www.kambi.com/fair_player_processi/kambi-player-fair-processing-notice/.

COMPETENT
SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY

The
competent supervisory authority is the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection (IMY -Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten). 

47

ANNEX
II

Technical
and Organisational Measures to Ensure the Security of the Agreement Personal Data

1. Technical
Measures

1.1 The
Data Importer holds the privacy and/or security certification(s), report(s) and standards
below.

1.2 In
lieu of any standards being adopted, the Data Importer has implemented the technical measures
below.

Data
Importer has a comprehensive privacy policy that is compliant with the local law where the
Data Importer operates. The policy includes a commitment to limit the collection of Personal
Data to the Personal Data disclosed in the policy. The policy also includes a commitment
to limit the use and sharing of Personal Data to that what is disclosed in the policy.

Personal
Data is encrypted and access is restricted to authorized personnel only.

Data
Importer routinely (usually at least quarterly) audits its network systems to ensure that
Personal Data remains secure.

Data
Importer has written procedures concerning its response to a Data Security Incident. The
procedures includes the parameters for notices to affected Data Subjects.

Data
Importer is committed to timely responding to requests from Data Subjects for the deletion
of Personal Data.

Data
Importer requires its core vendors to agree to privacy and security standards that are consistent
with GDPR requirement.

Training
regarding privacy requirements for personnel that will have access to Personal Data. Training
is provided during the onboarding of personnel and then routinely (usually quarterly or annual
depending on the system or topic) thereafter.

2. Organisational
Measures

2.1 The
Data Importer shall adopt adequate internal policies with clear allocation of responsibilities
for data transfers, reporting channels and standard operating procedures for cases of formal
or informal requests from public authorities to access the data.

2.2 The
Data Importer shall document and record the requests for access received from public authorities
and the response provided, alongside the legal reasoning and the actors involved and make
these records available to the data exporter.

2.3 If
an essentially equivalent level of protection of the Agreement Personal Data to that afforded
within the European Economic Area (EEA) cannot be guaranteed in a third country, the Data
Importer shall not transfer any Agreement Personal Data to such country, will not cause or
permit any onward transfer to such country, and/or will suspend ongoing transfers to such
country.

48

SIGNATURE
PAGE AGREEMENT

SIGNED
BY or on behalf of the Parties on the Execution Date.

Signed
by David Kenyon )

a
duly authorised signatory for and on behalf of )

SPORTS
INFORMATION SERVICES LIMITED: )

8
January 2025 /s/
David Kenyon

Date
Signature

Signed
by Bruce A. Cassidy )

a
duly authorised signatory for and on behalf of )

VIP
PLAY, INC.: )

8
January 2025 /s/
Bruce A. Cassidy

Date Signature

49
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>vipz-20250108.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>vipz-20250108_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>vipz-20250108_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 08, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 08, 2025

Entity File Number 000-56290

Entity Registrant Name VIP
Play, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001832161

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-0738656

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 1645
Pine Tree Ln

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2

Entity Address, City or Town Sarasota

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 34236

City Area Code (866)

Local Phone Number 783-9435

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://vipplayinc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
vipz-20250108.xsd 
vipz-20250108_lab.xml 
vipz-20250108_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-001413-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001832161 

2025-01-08 
2025-01-08 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001832161 
8-K 
2025-01-08 
VIP Play, Inc. 
NV 
000-56290 
85-0738656 
1645 Pine Tree Ln 
Suite 2 
Sarasota 
FL 
34236 
(866) 
783-9435 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>