<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-062581.txt : 20250325
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-062581.hdr.sgml : 20250325
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250325162817
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-062581
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250324
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250325

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PIXELWORKS, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001040161
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				911761992
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30269
		FILM NUMBER:		25768692

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16760 SW UPPER BOONES FERRY RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97224
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(503) 601-4545

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16760 SW UPPER BOONES FERRY RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97224

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PIXELWORKS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000210
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d893963d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

PIXELWORKS, INCNASDAQfalse000104016100010401612025-03-242025-03-24

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 24, 2025

PIXELWORKS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Oregon 000-30269 91-1761992

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

16760 SW Upper Boones Ferry Rd., Suite 101

Portland, OR97224

(503) 601-4545

(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including

area code, of registrants principal executive offices)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock PXLW The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

The Offering 

On March 24, 2025, Pixelworks, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with several purchasers (the Purchasers) pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering, an aggregate of 1,970,106 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock), at a purchase price of $0.736 per share, the closing price of the Companys Common Stock on March 24, 2025 (the Offering). The Company expects to receive aggregate gross proceeds from the Offering of approximately $1.45 million before deducting related offering expenses. 

The Offering is expected to close on or about March 25, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and agreements of the Company and the Purchasers, and customary indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. 

The Shares were offered by the Company pursuant to the Companys effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No.333-275569), including the related prospectus, that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 15, 2023 and amended on each of November 16, 2023, January 5, 2024, February 2, 2024 and February 9, 2024 and declared effective on February 13, 2024, as supplemented by a prospectus supplement dated March 24, 2025. 

A copy of the Purchase Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The foregoing summary of the terms of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Purchase Agreement which is incorporated herein by reference. 

In connection with the Offering, the Company engaged Arcadia Securities, LLC (Arcadia), a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and a member of FINRA pursuant to a finders agreement to introduce the Company to investors. Arcadia introduced the Company to three investors, which subscribed for an aggregate of 1,290,759 shares of common stock in the Offering which represents total gross proceeds to the Company of approximately $950,000. For its services, Arcadia will receive a finders fee equal to 2.5% of the amount invested by these investors, which is approximately $23,750. 

This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to sell any securities or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of any securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. 

A copy of the opinion of Tonkon Torp LLP relating to the legality of the issuance and sale in the Offering of the Shares is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties for purposes of the safe harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this Current Report on Form 8-K are forward-looking statements. Examples of such statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the consummation of the Offering and the expected timing thereof; the satisfaction of closing conditions with respect to the Offering; the expected amount of gross proceeds; and the Companys 

expectations regarding the use of net proceeds from the offering. We may not actually achieve the plans, carry out the intentions or meet the expectations or projections disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on managements current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and performance could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including, without limitation, market and other conditions. We disclaim any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made, except as required by law. You should review additional disclosures we make in our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K. You may access these documents for no charge at http://www.sec.gov. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

5.1 Opinion of Tonkon Torp LLP. 

10.1 Form of Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2025, between Pixelworks, Inc. and the Purchasers. 

23.1 Consent of Tonkon Torp LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: March 25, 2025 PIXELWORKS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Haley F. Aman

Haley F. Aman

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d893963dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

March 25, 2025 

Pixelworks, Inc. 

16760 SW Upper Boones Ferry Road, Suite 101

Portland, Oregon 97224 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as special Oregon counsel to Pixelworks, Inc., an Oregon corporation (the Company), in connection with its filing of a Prospectus
Supplement (the Prospectus Supplement) on March 25, 2025 with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), in connection with the sale of 1,970,106 shares
of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Shares), pursuant to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration
No. 333-275569) (the Registration Statement). The Shares are being issued and sold pursuant to the Common Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and the purchasers named therein, dated
March 24, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement). 

In so acting, we have examined originals or copies (certified or otherwise identified to our
satisfaction) of the Purchase Agreement, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus Supplement, the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company or a duly authorized committee thereof relating to the offering of the Shares, and such
corporate records, agreements, documents and other instruments, and such certificates or comparable documents of public officials and of officers and representatives of the Company, and have made such inquiries of such officers and representatives,
as we have deemed relevant and necessary as a basis for the opinion hereinafter set forth. 

This opinion is being delivered in accordance with the
requirements of Item 601(b)(5)(i) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Prospectus Supplement other than as expressly
stated herein with respect to the issuance of the Shares. 

In such examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of
all natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as certified, conformed or scanned copies and the authenticity of the originals of such latter
documents. 

Based on the foregoing, and subject to the qualifications stated herein, we are of the opinion that the Shares have been duly authorized and,
when issued and delivered against payment therefor in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

Pixelworks, Inc. 

March 25, 2025 

Page
2

The opinion expressed herein is limited to the corporate law of the State of Oregon. We express no opinion as
to the laws, rules or regulations of any other jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the federal laws of the United States of America or any state securities or Blue Sky laws. Our opinion is provided as of the date hereof, and we undertake no
obligation to advise you of any change in any matter set forth herein. 

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the
Prospectus Supplement and to all references to our Firm included in or made a part of the Registration Statement under the caption Legal Matters. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons
whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Very truly
yours, 

/s/ Tonkon Torp LLP 

ARS/TPP/SAK/tkb
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d893963dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This Common Stock Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of March 24, 2025, between Pixelworks, Inc., an
Oregon corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers). 

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act (as defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I. 

DEFINITIONS 

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1: 

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is
controlled by or is under common control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company. 

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of
New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed. 

Commission means the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value
$0.001 per share. 

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries
which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for,
or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

Exchange Act means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

1 

Liens means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest,
encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. 

Person means an individual
or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an
informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened. 

Prospectus means the final prospectus filed for the Registration Statement, including all information,
documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such prospectus. 

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act, including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such prospectus supplement, that is filed
with the Commission and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing. 

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-275569) filed with the Commission, including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by
reference into such registration statement, which registers the issuance and sale of the Shares to the Purchasers. 

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be
amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued to each Purchaser pursuant to this
Agreement. 

Subsidiary means the Subsidiaries of the Company set forth on Exhibit 21 to the
Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission. 

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading. 

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted
for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 

2 

Transfer Agent means Broadridge Corporate Issuer
Solutions, Inc., the current transfer agent of the Company. 

ARTICLE II. 

PURCHASE AND SALE 

2.1
Closing. The purchase and sale of the Shares shall take place in one or more closings on March 25, 2025, or at such other time and place as the Company and, with respect to a specific Purchaser, such Purchaser may mutually agree upon
orally or in writing, in each case subject to satisfaction of all conditions to Closing set forth herein (the Closing and such date, the Closing Date). On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, that number of Shares as is set forth next to the heading Shares, at a price of $0.736 per share, for a total
subscription amount equal to the amount set forth next to the heading Subscription Amount (the Subscription Amount), in both cases, as set forth below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement.
On the Closing Date, the Company shall instruct the Transfer Agent to deliver to the Purchasers, via electronic book-entry, the Shares such Purchaser is purchasing hereunder against payment of the purchase price therefor by check or wire transfer of
immediately available funds. 

2.2 Deliveries. 

(a) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser: 

(i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company; 

(ii) the Companys wire instructions; and 

(iii) the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b) On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company: 

(i) this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and 

(ii) such Purchasers Subscription Amount. 

3 

ARTICLE III. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company hereby makes the following
representations and warranties to each Purchaser: 

(b) Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the
Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or
charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets,
business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole (a Material Adverse Effect). 

(c) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action
on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement has been
duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general
equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of
specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the issuance and sale of the
Shares and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other
organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of
the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or
other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or
(iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary
is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not,
individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

4 

(e) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to
obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery
and performance by the Company of this Agreement, other than: (i) a Current Report on Form 8-K, including this Agreement and as an exhibit thereto, (ii) the issuance of a press release disclosing the
material terms of the transaction contemplated hereby, (iii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iv) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Shares and
the listing of the Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (v) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals). 

(f) Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance
herewith, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act,
which became effective on February 13, 2024, including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no
stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge
of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and
any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and
did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements
thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of the filing of the
Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements with respect
to the aggregate market value of Shares being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) calendar months prior to this offering, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3.

5 

(g) Capitalization. Other than (i) issuances of shares of Common
Stock, options or restricted stock units to employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Company pursuant to a stock or option plan of the Company since the date of the Companys most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act, (ii) the conversion, vesting, settling and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the Companys most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, (iii) sales of shares of Common Stock
pursuant to the Sales Agreement, dated November 14, 2024, by and between the Company and Roth Capital Partners, LLC (which is Exhibit 10.25 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2024) since the date of the Companys most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No
Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe
for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Shares. 

(h) SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other
documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two (2) years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was
required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to
herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports
complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all
material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial
statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash
flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. 

(i) Material Changes. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, there
has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

6 

(j) Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of
violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative
agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action) that, individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to the Company, would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 

(k) Certain Fees. Except as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions
are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(l) Registration and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of
the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that
the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of
the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer. 

(m) No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in
Section 3.2, neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances
that would cause this offering of the Shares to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or
designated. 

(n) Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf
has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Shares, (ii) sold, bid for,
purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Shares, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case
of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid in connection with the sale of the Shares, as described in the Prospectus Supplement. 

7 

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and
for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows: 

(a) Organization; Authority. Such
Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and performance by such Purchaser of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. This Agreement has been duly executed by
such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by
general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability
of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

(b) Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge,
sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment in the Shares, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the
economic risk of an investment in the Shares and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(c) Reliance. In making its investment decision to purchase the Shares, such Purchaser has relied solely on the
information contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement and the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 3.1 herein. 

(d) Risk Acknowledgement. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it is aware that there are substantial risks incident to the
purchase and ownership of the Shares, including those set forth in the SEC Documents. Such Purchaser is able to fend for itself in the transactions contemplated herein, has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be
capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Shares, and Purchaser has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as Purchaser has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision. Purchaser acknowledges that the
Company has not (i) given to such Purchaser, or authorized anyone to give to such Purchaser, any information, or (ii) made to such Purchaser, or authorized anyone to make to such Purchaser, any representations about the sale of Shares
hereunder, the Company, the Subsidiaries or its or their respective businesses, in each case, that is different from, or in addition to, that which is contained in the SEC Documents or in this Agreement. 

(e) Information Acknowledgement. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement
and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares
and the merits and risks of investing in the Shares; (ii) access to information about 

8 

the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. 

ARTICLE IV. 

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 

4.1 Publicity. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press
releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any
press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law or Trading
Market regulations, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication, unless such information has previously been disclosed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as
required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of the Required Approvals and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior
notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure. 

4.2 Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement. 

4.3 Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.3, the Company will indemnify and hold each
Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses,
including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur (the Indemnified Liability) as a result of or
relating to any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement. The Company shall not be liable to a Purchaser Party of a particular Purchaser under this provision in respect of any
Indemnified Liability if (and then only to the extent) such liability arises out of any misrepresentation by the relevant Purchaser in Section 3.2 of this Agreement or actions taken by such Purchaser Party in violation or
contravention of this Agreement. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, the Company
shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense
thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been 

9 

specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action
there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and
expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement. 

ARTICLE V. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

5.1 Closing
Conditions. The Companys obligation to issue and sell the respective Shares to each Purchaser shall be subject to: (x) the receipt by the Company of the respective Subscription Amount for the Shares being purchased hereunder by each
Purchaser and (y) the accuracy, in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) of the representations and warranties made by each Purchaser (on
a several and not joint basis) when made and on the Closing Date (unless such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein, in which case they should be accurate as of such date); and (ii) each Purchasers obligation to
purchase the respective Shares will be subject to the accuracy, in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects), of the representations and
warranties made by the Company when made and on the Closing Date (unless such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein, in which case they should be accurate as of such date). 

5.2 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and
without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth
(5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.3 Fees and Expenses. Each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any,
and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. 

5.4 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the exhibits and schedules hereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been
merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. 

10 

5.5 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or
permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth
on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email
address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading
Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as
set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.. 

5.6 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived,
modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser)
or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the
consent of at least 50.1% in interest of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed
to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the
exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall
require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this 5.7shall be binding upon each Purchaser and the Company. 

5.7 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit
or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

5.8 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger). 

5.9 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.3 and this Section 5.9. 

5.10 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations,
enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced
exclusively in the state and federal 

11 

courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan
for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not
personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action
or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.3, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the
non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding. 

5.11 Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Shares. 

5.12 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is
delivered by e-mail delivery (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other
applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method, such signature shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is
executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof. 

5.13 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same
result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without
including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 

5.14 Remedies. In addition to being
entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under this Agreement. The parties agree that monetary damages may not
be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in this Agreement and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at
law would be adequate. 

12 

5.15 Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations
of each Purchaser under this Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of the
obligations of any other Purchaser under this Agreement. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind
of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated herein. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its
rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose. The Company has elected to provide all
Purchasers with the same terms for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the
Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers. 

5.16 Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual
intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. No specific representation or warranty shall limit the generality or applicability of a more general representation or warranty. Each and every reference to
share prices, Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents and any other numbers in this Agreement that relate to the Shares shall be automatically adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar
transactions that occur with respect to the Shares after the date of this Agreement. 

5.17 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.
IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow) 

13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Common Stock Purchase Agreement to
be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

PIXELWORKS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Todd DeBonis

Name: Todd DeBonis

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Address for Notice: 

16760 SW
Upper Boones Ferry Rd. Ste. 101 

Portland, OR 97224 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Christina
F. Pearson 

Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP 

2550 Hanover
St. 

Palo Alto, CA 94304 

christina.pearson@pillsburylaw.com

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS] 

14 

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Common Stock Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

Name of Purchaser: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Ralph Quinsey

Name of Authorized Signatory: Ralph Quinsey 

Title of
Authorized Signatory: 

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 

Address for Notice to Purchaser/delivery of DRS Statement: 

Subscription Amount: $499,999.39 

Shares: 679,347 shares 

Social Security/Tax ID Number: _______________________ 

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE] 

15 

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Common Stock Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

Name of Purchaser: Michael M. Kellen Descendants 2012 GST Trust 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Denise Kellen

Name of Authorized Signatory: Denise Kellen 

Title of
Authorized Signatory: Trustee 

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 

Address for Notice to Purchaser/delivery of DRS Statement: 

Subscription Amount: $499,999.39 

Shares: 679,347 shares 

Social Security/Tax ID Number: _______________________ 

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE] 

16 

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Common Stock Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

Name of Purchaser: Potomac Capital Partners V, LP 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Paul J. Solit

Name of Authorized Signatory: Paul J. Solit 

Title of
Authorized Signatory: Managing Member of the GP 

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 

Address for Notice to Purchaser/delivery of DRS Statement: 

Subscription Amount: $249,999.33 

Shares: 339,673 shares 

Social Security/Tax ID Number: _______________________ 

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE] 

17 

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Common Stock Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

Name of Purchaser: Traverse Opportunity Fund, L.P 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Chad M. Nelson

Name of Authorized Signatory: Chad M. Nelson 

Title of
Authorized Signatory: Managing Partner 

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 

Address for Notice to Purchaser/delivery of DRS Statement: 

Subscription Amount: $199,999.90 

Shares: 271,739 shares 

Social Security/Tax ID Number: _______________________ 

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>pxlw-20250324.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pxlw-20250324_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>pxlw-20250324_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g893963dsp21b.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g893963g0322025547832.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g893963g0322025548116.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name PIXELWORKS, INC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001040161

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 24, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code OR

Entity File Number 000-30269

Entity Tax Identification Number 91-1761992

Entity Address, Address Line One 16760 SW Upper Boones Ferry Rd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 101

Entity Address, City or Town Portland

Entity Address, State or Province OR

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 97224

City Area Code 503

Local Phone Number 601-4545

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock

Trading Symbol PXLW

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.pixelworks.com//20250324/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d893963d8k.htm 
pxlw-20250324.xsd 
pxlw-20250324_lab.xml 
pxlw-20250324_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-062581-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>d893963d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001040161 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

PIXELWORKS, INC 
NASDAQ 
false 
0001040161 
8-K 
2025-03-24 
OR 
000-30269 
91-1761992 
16760 SW Upper Boones Ferry Rd. 
Suite 101 
Portland 
OR 
97224 
503 
601-4545 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
PXLW 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>