<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-019125.txt : 20250228
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-019125.hdr.sgml : 20250228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250228160527
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-019125
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250225
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WASTE MANAGEMENT INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000823768
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REFUSE SYSTEMS [4953]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				731309529
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12154
		FILM NUMBER:		25690003

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 CAPITOL STREET, STE 3000
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7135126200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 CAPITOL STREET, STE 3000
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	USA WASTE SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm257911d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0000823768WASTE MANAGEMENT INC00008237682025-02-252025-02-25iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 25, 2025

Waste
Management, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 1-12154 73-1309529

(State
or Other Jurisdiction 

of Incorporation) (Commission
File Number) (IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

800
Capitol Street, Suite
3000, Houston,
Texas 77002

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants Telephone number, including
area code: (713) 512-6200

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.01 par value WM New
York Stock Exchange

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Annual incentive awards were granted on February
25, 2025 to each of the named executive officers of Waste Management, Inc. (the Company), as identified in the Companys
most recent proxy statement (collectively, the Executives), pursuant to action by the Management Development and Compensation
Committee (the Committee) of the Board of Directors of the Company.

Each
of the Executives, which includes James C. Fish, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer; John J. Morris, Jr., Executive Vice President
and Chief Operating Officer; Devina A. Rankin, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Tara J. Hemmer, Senior Vice President
and Chief Sustainability Officer; and Rafael E. Carrasco, Senior Vice President Enterprise Strategy and President, WM Healthcare
Solutions, received performance share units (PSUs) and stock options under the Companys 2023 Stock Incentive Plan.
The number of PSUs granted to each of the Executives is as follows: Mr. Fish 43,636; Mr. Morris 11,272; Ms. Rankin 
9,818; Ms. Hemmer 7,636 and Mr. Carrasco 7,636. The material terms of the PSUs are described below.

PSUs 

Performance Calculation Date (PCD) As of December 31, 2027; award (if any) paid out after certification by the Committee of actual level of achievement (payment date).

Performance Measure 50% of the PSUs will have a cash flow generation performance measure, and 50% of the PSUs will have a total shareholder return relative to the S&P 500 performance measure, in each case as set forth in the award agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1.

Range of Possible Awards 0 200% of targeted amount, plus accrued dividend equivalents, based on actual results achieved.

Termination of Employment Payable in full on payment date based on actual results as if participant had remained an active employee through PCD.

Death or Disability before PCD 

Involuntary Termination for Cause or Voluntary Resignation before PCD Immediate forfeiture.

Involuntary Termination other than for Cause before PCD Payable on payment date based on actual results, prorated based on portion of performance period completed prior to termination of employment. 

Retirement (as defined in the award agreement) before PCD If Retirement occurs on or after December 31, 2025, payable in full on payment date based on actual results as if participant had remained an active employee through PCD. If Retirement occurs before December 31, 2025, payable on payment date based on actual results, prorated based on the number of days worked during 2025 (the first year of the performance period) divided by 365.

Change in Control before PCD Performance measured prior to the change in control and paid on prorated basis on actual results achieved up to such date. Thereafter, participant also generally receives a replacement award of restricted stock units in the successor entity generally equal to the number of PSUs that would have been earned had no change in control occurred and target performance levels had been met from the time of the change of control through December 31, 2027, adjusted for any conversion factors in the change in control transaction. The new restricted stock units in the successor entity would vest on December 31, 2027. 

The Committee granted stock options to the Executives to purchase the
following number of shares of the Companys common stock: Mr. Fish 50,580; Mr. Morris 13,066; Ms. Rankin 
11,380; Ms. Hemmer 8,851 and Mr. Carrasco 8,851. The material terms of the stock options are described below.

Stock Options 

Vesting Schedule 34% on first anniversary; 

33% on second anniversary; and 

33% on third anniversary.

Term 10 years from date of grant.

Exercise Price Fair Market Value on date of grant - $231.195.

Termination of Employment 

Death or Disability All options immediately vest and remain exercisable for one year, but in no event later than the original term.

Qualifying Retirement Continued vesting and exercisability for three years, but in no event later than the original term. 

Involuntary Termination other than for Cause or Voluntary Resignation All vested options remain exercisable for 90 days, but in no event later than the original term.

Involuntary Termination for Cause All options are forfeited, whether or not exercisable. 

Involuntary Termination or Resignation for Good Reason following a Change in Control All options immediately vest and remain exercisable for three years, but in no event later than the original term. 

Each of the Executives was also granted an
annual cash incentive award on February 25, 2025. Annual cash incentive awards are targeted at a percentage of the
Executives base salary, and payouts can range from zero to 200% of the targeted amount based on achievement of performance
measures. Performance measures for the 2025 annual cash incentive awards include (i) operating EBITDA, (ii) income from operations
excluding depreciation and amortization margin and (iii) internal revenue growth. Payouts of annual cash incentives based on the
performance measures can be increased or decreased by up to 10%, depending on achievement calculated using a sustainability
scorecard. The Committee has discretion to increase or decrease an Executives annual cash incentive award by up to 25% based
on individual performance. Subject to the terms of any individual written employment, change in control or severance agreement,
recipients must be employed by an affiliate of the Company on December 31, 2025 to be eligible to receive payment of an annual cash
incentive award; provided, however, in the event of death, the recipients beneficiaries will receive a prorated award based
on the number of days worked in 2025.

The above descriptions of the material terms of the awards are qualified in their entirety by reference to the appropriate award agreement
filed as an exhibit hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit 

Number Description

10.1 Form of 2025 Long Term Incentive Compensation PSU Award Agreement

10.2 Form of 2025 Long Term Incentive Compensation Stock Option Award Agreement

10.3 Form of 2025 Executive Officer Annual Incentive Award Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto
duly authorized.

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC.

Date: February 28, 2025 By: /s/ Charles C. Boettcher

Charles C. Boettcher

Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm257911d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.1

Long Term Incentive Compensation

PSU Award Agreement

under the

Waste Management, Inc. 2023
Stock Incentive Plan

This
Award Agreement (this Agreement) is entered
into effective as of [](the
Grant Date), by and between Waste Management,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) (together with its Subsidiaries
and Affiliates, WM), and [](Employee).
At all times, the Awards under this Agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the Waste Management, Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive
Plan (the Plan), this Agreement, and all applicable
administrative interpretations and practices. A copy of the Plan and the Plan Prospectus is available online at www.benefits.ml.com. Please
also see the Companys Form 10-K included in its most recent Annual Report, available on the Investor Relations page of www.wm.com
under Financial Reporting Annual Reports, for information about the Company. By executing this Agreement, you consent to receipt
of the Plan, the Prospectus, and the Annual Reports by electronicaccess as
set forth in this paragraph. 

You
must execute this Agreement in full, online in accordance with the instructions below, prior to [], in order for this Agreement
to become effective. If you do not execute this Agreement by correctly following the instructions below, your Awards may
be cancelled.

Important Instructions for
Executing this Agreement

If you are a new equity award participant, you must
open a Limited Individual Investor Account (LIIA) before you can accept your awards. To open your LIIA, log in to www.benefits.ml.com
at the secure website maintained by the third-party stock administrator. Once logged in, follow the prompts to Open a Brokerage
Account. When you have successfully created your account, follow the online instructions, and complete all the steps required to
accept the award.

If you have previously received a stock-based incentive
award, log on to www.benefits.ml.com at the secure website maintained by the third-party stock administrator. Follow the online instructions
and complete all the steps required to accept the award.

Performance Share Units

1. PSU Grant. The Company hereby grants to Employee a Performance-based Restricted Stock Unit Award of
[] units subject to performance-based vesting conditions (a PSU Award), as provided in the Notice of
Long-Term Incentive Award (the Notice). Each Restricted Stock Unit subject to performance-based vesting conditions
(a Performance Share Unit or PSU) is a notational unit of measurement denominated
in Common Stock.

2. PSU Metrics.

a. The Performance Period for this PSU Award is the 36-month period beginning January 1, 2025,
and ending on December 31, 2027. Vesting and payout of your PSU Award is based upon the level of achievement of the Performance
Goals that have been set by the Committee. The Performance Goals set by the Committee for your PSU Awards are described in paragraph
3 below.

1

b. The performance measure selected by the Committee to serve as the Performance Goal for half (50%) of your
Target PSU Award is Cash Flow Generation (as defined below). The performance measure selected by the Committee to serve
as the Performance Goal for the other half (50%) of your Target PSU Award is Total Shareholder Return Relative to the S&P 500,
or TSR (as defined below). To determine the payout (if any) under your PSU Award, the Committee will determine the level
of the Performance Goal reached (Achievement) and the corresponding payout percentage applicable to each half
of your Target PSU Award under paragraph 3 below. The Committees determinations, and the related calculations, including the calculation
of Cash Flow Generation and TSR, are made by, and in the sole discretion of, the Committee, and are final and not subject to appeal.

c. Cash Flow Generation is the net cash flow provided by operating activities of WM for the Performance
Period, less capital expenditures, with the following adjustments:

i. Payments related to costs (including legal costs) associated with labor disruptions (e.g., strikes) and actual
or potential multiemployer plan withdrawal liability(ies) are excluded as expenditures required as a result of past labor commitments
combined with changing economic conditions of the present business climate;

ii. Strategic acquisition, restructuring, transformation and reorganization costs are excluded in recognition
of WMs goals to increase customer and business base while minimizing operating costs; and

iii. If any accounting rule or tax law change occurs that was not anticipated in setting the Cash Flow Generation
target, any material impact of that change will be disregarded in calculating the Cash Flow Generation result.

In addition to the above, the following
adjustments will be made when the aggregate impact of the following items has a greater than 5% impact on attainment:

iv. Impacts from strategic acquisitions or divestitures of assets or businesses are excluded (EBITDA, capital
expenditures, working capital, and proceeds from divestitures) (Impacts from normal course of business acquisitions and divestitures are
included);

v. Impacts from discrete growth capital investment projects made to support the long-term organic growth of
the business that were not specifically planned for in setting the Cash Flow Generation target are excluded; and

vi. Material changes in the realization of earnings and cash flow contributions for growth capital investments
caused by items outside of WMs control will be excluded.

The Committee, solely in its discretion,
is permitted to make other adjustments to reflect managements performance consistent with maximizing shareholder value; provided that
such other adjustments shall not reduce the Cash Flow Generation amount.

d. TSR is the percentile performance of the Company as compared to the other S&P 500 Companies
for the Performance Period. For these purposes:

i. S&P
500 Companies means all the entities listed on the Standard & Poors 500 Composite Index, including the Company, on
the date which is 30 trading days prior to the commencement of the Performance Period, with the following modifications:

A. except as provided
below, only those entities that continue to trade throughout the Performance Period without interruption on a National Exchange
shall be included; and

B. any such entity
that files for bankruptcy (Bankrupt Peer) during the Performance Period shall continue to be included.

For these purposes National Exchange
shall mean a securities exchange that has registered with the SEC under Section 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

ii. Total
Shareholder Return is the result of dividing (1) the sum of the cumulative value of an entitys dividends for the Performance
Period, plus the entitys Ending Price, minus the Beginning Price, by (2) the Beginning Price. For purposes of determining the cumulative
value of an entitys dividends during the Performance Period, it will be assumed that all dividends declared and paid with respect
to a particular entity during the Performance Period were reinvested in such entity at the ex-dividend date, using the closing price on
such date. The aggregate shares, or fractional shares thereof, that will be assumed to be

2

purchased as part of the reinvestment calculation
will be multiplied by the Ending Price to determine the cumulative value of an entitys dividends for the Performance Period. For
these purposes:

A. Price is the per share closing price, as reported by the Bloomberg L.P. (or any other publicly
available reporting service that the Committee may designate from time to time) of a share or share equivalent on the applicable stock
exchange.

B. Beginning Price is the average Price for the period of 20 trading days immediately preceding
the first day of the Performance Period.

C. Ending Price is the average Price for the period of 20 trading days immediately preceding and
including the final day of the Performance Period.

D. Bankrupt Peer: Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, any Bankrupt Peer
shall have a Total Shareholder return of negative one hundred percent (-100%).

iii. Relative
TSR Percentile Rank is the percentile performance of the Company as compared to the S&P 500 Companies. Relative TSR Percentile
Rank is determined by ranking the Company and all other S&P 500 Companies according to their respective Total Shareholder Return for
the Performance Period. The ranking is in order from minimum-to-maximum, with the lowest performing entity assigned a rank of one. The
Companys ranking is then divided by the total number of entities within the S&P 500 Companies to get the Relative TSR Percentile
Rank.

3. PSU Payout Percentage.

a. The Performance Goals are the levels of performance set by the Committee on the Grant Date
with respect to each measure of performance.

b. The Target PSU Award for this Agreement is based on the target number of PSUs granted by the
Committee and announced in the Notice. If Achievement falls between two levels of Achievement, the resulting payout percentage will be
straight line interpolated (rounding to the nearest 0.1 percent) between the payout percentages for those two levels of Achievement.

Achievement Levels and Corresponding Payouts
for PSUs Dependent on Cash Flow Generation Performance Measure

Level of Achievement Cash Flow

Generation Over

the Performance

Period Payout Percentage for the

applicable half of your

Target PSU Award 

Threshold Performance(the minimum level of Achievement to qualify for any payout of the Cash Flow Generation half of your Target PSU Award.) $9.140 Billion 50%

Target Performance(the level of Achievement to qualify for 100% payout of the Cash Flow Generation half of your Target PSU Award.) $9.890 Billion 100%

Maximum Performance (the maximum level of Achievement that results in an increased number of PSUs paid out under the Cash Flow Generation half of your Target PSU Award.) $10.640 Billion 200%

Achievement Levels and Corresponding Payouts
for PSUs Dependent on TSR

Total Shareholder Return Relative to the S&P 500 over the Performance Period

Level of Achievement Relative TSR

Percentile Rank Payout Percentage for the

applicable half of your Target 

PSU Award

Threshold Performance(the minimum level of Achievement to qualify for any payout of the TSR half of your Target PSU Award.) 25th 50%

3

Total
Shareholder Return Relative to the S&P 500 over the Performance Period

Target Performance(the level of Achievement to qualify for 100% payout of the TSR half of your Target PSU Award.) 50th 100%

Maximum Performance (the maximum level of Achievement that results in an increased number of PSUs paid out under the TSR half of your Target PSU Award.) 75th 200%

4. Timing and Form of Payment of PSU Award. After the
close of the Performance Period, the Committee will certify (with respect to each portion of your Target PSU Award relating to the separate
Performance Goals) Achievement and determine the corresponding payout percentage of the PSU Award by multiplying the applicable half of
the PSU Award by the applicable payout percentage. The results will sum to the total number of shares of Common Stock that you are entitled
to receive (the PSU Awarded Shares). Unless
you have a valid deferral in place for your PSU Award (see paragraph 8 under Important Award Details for further information
on permitted deferrals), the Company will deliver the PSU Awarded Shares and payment of the corresponding Dividend Equivalent as soon
as administratively feasible (and no later than 74 days after the end of the Performance Period) after the Committees certification
and determination.

Important Award Details

Your Awards under this Agreement are subject to
important terms and conditions set forth below. Please read them carefully and seek advice from your own legal and tax advisors before
executing this Agreement.

1. Death or Disability. Upon Employees death or disability (as determined by the Committee and
within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations issued thereunder (Section
409A) and specifically Section 409A(a)(2)(C) (Disability)), Employee (or in the case of Employees
death, Employees beneficiary) shall, subject to paragraph 2.e below, be entitled to receive the PSU Awarded Shares and related
Dividend Equivalents that Employee would have been entitled to under this Agreement if Employee had remained employed until the last day
of the Performance Period and determined based upon actual Achievement through the end of the Performance Period, which shall be paid
no later than 74 days following the end of the Performance Period.

2. Treatment of PSU Awards Upon Retirement or Involuntary Termination of Employment Without Cause by WM.

a. Upon an involuntary Termination of Employment by WM without Cause, Employee shall, subject to the requirements
below, be entitled to receive the PSU Awarded Shares and related Dividend Equivalents that Employee would have been entitled to under
this Agreement if Employee had remained employed until the last day of the Performance Period and determined based upon actual Achievement
through the end of the Performance Period multiplied by the fraction which has as its numerator the total number of days that Employee
was employed by WM during the Performance Period and has as its denominator 1095 (which amount shall be issued and paid as soon as practicable
and no later than 74 days following the end of the Performance Period).

b. Upon Employees Retirement, Employee shall be entitled to receive the PSU Awarded Shares and related
Dividend Equivalents that Employee would have been entitled to under this Agreement if Employee had remained employed until the last day
of the Performance Period and determined based upon actual Achievement through the end of the Performance Period multiplied by the fraction
which has as its numerator the total number of days that Employee was employed by WM during the first 12 months of the Performance Period
and has as its denominator 365 (which amount shall be issued and paid as soon as practicable and no later than 74 days following the end
of the Performance Period). To illustrate the application of the preceding sentence, if Employees Retirement is on or after December
31, 2025, he or she shall be eligible to receive a full payout at the end of the Performance Period (based upon actual Achievement).

4

c. In the event Employee is employed by a subsidiary of the Company that is sold by the Company in a transaction
(i) that would not constitute a Corporate Change, but (ii) that would constitute a Corporate Change with the subsidiary substituted for
Company thereunder, such transaction shall be deemed to constitute an involuntary Termination of Employment by WM without Cause as of
the effective date of such Transaction and Employees termination.

d. The following terms shall have the meanings set forth below for purposes of this Agreement:

i. Retirement means Termination of Employment due to the voluntary resignation of employment by
Employee, after Employee (1) has reached age 55 or greater; (2) has a sum of age plus years of Service (as defined in paragraph ii. below)
with WM equal to 65 or greater; and (3) has completed at least 5 consecutive full years of Service with WM during the 5-year period immediately
preceding the resignation; provided, that Employee is not receiving severance benefits pursuant to the severance pay plans of WM
in connection with such Termination of Employment.

ii. Service is measured from Employees original date of hire by WM, except as provided below.
In the case of a break of employment by Employee from WM of one year or more in length, Employees service before the break of employment
is not considered Service. Service with an entity acquired by WM is considered Service so long as Employee remained continuously employed
with such predecessor company(ies) and WM. In the case of a break of employment between a predecessor company and WM of any length, Employees
Service shall be measured from the original date of hire by WM and shall not include any service with any predecessor company.

iii. Termination of Employment means the termination of Employees employment or other service
relationship with WM as determined by the Committee. Temporary absences from employment because of illness, vacation or leave of absence
and transfers among the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates will not be considered a Termination of Employment. Any question as
to whether and when there has been a Termination of Employment, and the cause of such termination, shall be determined by and in the sole
discretion of the Committee and such determination shall be final.

iv. Cause means any of the following: (1) willful or deliberate and continual refusal to materially
perform Employees duties reasonably requested by WM after receipt of written notice to Employee of such failure to perform, specifying
such failure (other than as a result of Employees sickness, illness, injury, death or disability) and Employee fails to cure such
nonperformance within ten (10) days of receipt of said written notice; (2) breach of any statutory or common law duty of loyalty to WM;
(3) Employee has been convicted of, or pleaded nolo contendre to, any felony; (4) Employee willfully or intentionally caused material
injury to WM, its property, or its assets; (5) Employee disclosed to unauthorized person(s) proprietary or confidential information of
WM that causes a material injury to WM; or (6) any material violation or a repeated and willful violation of WMs policies or procedures,
including but not limited to, WMs Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (or any successor policy) then in effect.

e. In order to receive any of the vesting or exercisability benefits upon termination described in paragraphs
1, 2, and 3 (except resignation), Employee (or, if applicable, Employees estate) must (x) execute and not revoke a general release
of claims in favor of WM and its affiliates in a form that is acceptable to WM and which has become effective and irrevocable prior to
the payment date set forth above (or such earlier deadline set by WM) and (y) continue to abide by all ongoing obligations to WM under
any restrictive covenant agreement.

5

3. Termination of Employment for Other Reasons.

a. PSU Awards in the Event of Involuntary Termination with Cause or Resignation by Employee. Except as
provided in paragraphs 1 through 2 above and 5 below, Employee must be an employee of WM continuously from the Grant Date through the
close of business on last day of the Performance Period for PSUs to be entitled to receive payment of any PSU Award. Upon Termination
of Employment on or before the last day of the Performance Period for PSUs, Employee shall immediately forfeit the PSU Award and any related
Dividend Equivalents without payment of any consideration by WM.

4. Recoupment Provisions

a. Clawback Policy.

i. Notwithstanding any provisions in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, any portion of the payments
and benefits provided under this Agreement or the sale of any shares of Common Stock issued hereunder shall be subject to the Waste Management,
Inc. Clawback Policy, adopted by the Committee of the Board on August 21, 2023, (as may be amended from time to time, the Clawback
Policy) and any other clawback or recovery policy adopted by the Committee or the Board from time to time, including, without
limitation, any such policy adopted in accordance with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
of 2010 or any rule or regulation of the SEC or New York Stock Exchange. Additionally, notwithstanding the terms of any of the organizational
documents of WM, any corporate policy, or any contract between Employee and WM, Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that Employee
will not be entitled to (i) indemnification for any liability (including any amounts owed by Employee in a judgment or settlement in connection
with any action taken by the Committee or the Board to enforce the Clawback Policy) (such action, a Clawback Proceeding)
or loss (including judgments, fines, taxes, penalties or amounts paid in settlement by or on behalf of Employee incurred by Employee in
connection with or as a result of any Clawback Proceeding) or (ii) indemnification or advancement of any expenses (including attorneys
fees) from WM incurred by Employee in connection any Clawback Proceeding; provided, however, if Employee is successful on the merits in
the defense of any claim asserted against Employee in a Clawback Proceeding, Employee shall be indemnified for the expenses (including
attorneys' fees) Employee reasonably incurred to defend such claim. Employee knowingly, voluntarily and intentionally waives, and agrees
not to asset any claims regarding, any and all rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and other rights from WM to which Employee
is now or may become entitled under any indemnity agreement or other contract between Employee and WM, the organizational documents of
WM and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, in each case to the extent such waiver and agreement is necessary to comply
with applicable law or give effect to the preceding provisions of this paragraph.

b. Repayment of Award in the Event of Misconduct.

i. Overriding any other inconsistent terms of this Agreement, if the Committee, in its sole discretion, determines
that Employee either engaged in or benefited from Misconduct (as defined below), then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Employee
shall refund and pay to WM any Common Stock and/or amounts (including Dividend Equivalents), plus interest, received by Employee under
this Agreement. Misconduct means any act or failure to act by any employee of WM that (i) caused or was intended to cause
a violation of WMs policies or the WM code of conduct, generally accepted accounting principles or any applicable laws in effect
at the time of the act or failure to act in question and that (ii) materially increased the value of the payment or Award received by
Employee under this Agreement. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, delegate the determination of Misconduct to an independent third
party (either a law firm or an accounting firm, hereinafter referred to as Independent Third Party) appointed by the Committee.

6

ii. Following a determination of Misconduct by Employee, Employee may dispute such determination pursuant to
binding arbitration as set forth below under General Terms provided, however, that if Employee is determined to have benefited
from, but not engaged in, Misconduct, Employee will have no right to dispute such determination and such determination shall be conclusive
and binding.

iii. WM must initiate recovery pursuant to this paragraph by the earliest of (i) one year after discovery of alleged
Misconduct, or (ii) the second anniversary of Employees Termination of Employment.

iv. The provisions of this paragraph, without any implication as to any other provision of this Agreement, shall
survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement and Employees employment.

5. Acceleration upon Corporate Change. Overriding any other inconsistent terms of this Agreement:

a. PSU Award. If there is a Corporate Change before the close of the Performance Period, Employee is
entitled to receive both i. and ii., as follows:

i. For each half of the PSU Award, the result of an equation with a numerator of

(x) the respective number of PSUs Employee would have otherwise received based upon achievement of the applicable
Performance Goal after reducing the Performance Period so that it ends on the last day of the quarter preceding the Corporate Change (the
Early Measurement Date) and, for the Cash Flow Generation half of the PSU Award, after adjusting the Threshold,
Target and Maximum Achievement Levels to reflect budgeted performance in the shorter Performance Period, multiplied by

(y) a fraction equal to (1) the number of days occurring between the beginning of the Performance Period and
the Early Measurement Date (including the Early Measurement Date) divided by (2) 1095.

Payout of the PSUs shall be an immediate cash payment (in all
events paid within 74 days following the Corporate Change) equal to the number of PSUs earned under this paragraph 5.a. multiplied by
the closing stock price of the Common Stock on the Early Measurement Date and will be accompanied by a cash payment of the associated
Dividend Equivalents through the Early Measurement Date; and

ii. As a substitute award for the lost opportunity to continue to earn PSUs for the entire length of the original
Performance Period:

1. If the successor entity is a publicly traded company as of the Early Measurement Date, an award of restricted
stock units in the successor entity equal to the number of shares of common stock of the successor entity that could have been purchased
on the Early Measurement Date with an amount of cash equal to the quotient obtained from the following equation:

TAP X (1095
EMD) x CP

1095

where

TAP is the number
of PSUs represented by the Target PSU Award;

EMD is the number
of days during the Performance Period which occur prior to and including the Early Measurement Date; and

CP is the closing
price of a share of Common Stock of the Company on the Early Measurement Date.

Any restricted stock units in the successor
entity awarded under this paragraph 5.a.ii.1. will vest completely on December 31, 2026 (and be paid within 74 days thereof), provided
that Employee

7

remains continuously employed with the successor entity until then. Provided however, in the event of Employees involuntary
Termination of Employment without Cause during the Window Period (as defined in paragraph d.iv. below) or upon Employees
Retirement, death or Disability, Employee shall become immediately vested in full in the restricted stock units in the successor entity
awarded pursuant to this paragraph 5.a.ii.1 and paid (i) in the case of death or Disability, within 74 days of such time or (ii) in the
case of Retirement or involuntary Termination of Employment without Cause, within 74 days following December 31, 2026.

2. If the successor entity is not a publicly traded company as of the Early Measurement Date, an amount of cash
equal to the quotient obtained from the equation in paragraph 5.a.ii.1. above.

Any cash payment awarded under this paragraph
5.a.ii.2. will be paid to Employee as soon as administratively feasible (and no later than 74 days) following December 31, 2026, provided
that Employee remains continuously employed with the successor entity until such date. Provided however, in the event of Employees
involuntary Termination of Employment without Cause during the Window Period or upon Employees Retirement, death or Disability,
Employee shall become vested and be paid such cash payment by the successor entity (i) in the case of death or Disability, within 74 days
of such time or (ii) in the case of Retirement or involuntary Termination of Employment without Cause, within 74 days following December
31, 2026.

b. Window Period means the period beginning on the date occurring six (6) months immediately prior
to the date on which a Corporate Change first occurs and ending on the second anniversary of the date on which a Corporate Change occurs.

6. Dividend Equivalents.

a. The Company will pay Dividend Equivalents with respect to the PSUs when (i) the Performance Period has ended;
(ii) Employee has vested in the Award; and (iii) the PSU Awarded Shares have been certified by the Committee based on actual Achievement
during the Performance Period (or otherwise determined pursuant to paragraph 6.a.i. above). As soon as administratively feasible after
these events (and no later than 74 days following the end of the Performance Period), the Company will pay Employee a lump-sum cash amount
for PSU Award Dividend Equivalents based on the number of PSU Awarded Shares multiplied by the per share quarterly dividend payments made
to stockholders of the Companys Common Stock during the Performance Period (without any interest or compounding). Any accumulated
and unpaid Dividend Equivalents attributable to PSUs that are cancelled or forfeited will not be paid and are immediately forfeited upon
cancellation of the PSUs.

7. Deferral.

a. The Committee may establish procedures for Employee to elect for deferral, until a time or times later than
the vesting of PSU Awards, receipt of all or a portion of the shares of Common Stock deliverable under the Awards. Any such deferral must
be under the terms and conditions determined in the sole discretion of the Committee (or its designee) and the Waste Management, Inc.
409A Deferral Savings Plan (WM 409A Plan). The Committee further retains the authority and discretion to modify
and/or terminate existing deferral elections, procedures, and distribution options. Common Stock subject to a deferral election does not
confer any shareholder rights to Employee unless and until the date the deferral expires and certificates representing such shares are
delivered to Employee.

b. No deferral of Dividend Equivalents is permitted. In the event shares of Common Stock received upon vesting
of PSU Awards are deferred pursuant to a valid deferral, then the Company will pay Dividend Equivalents to Employee in cash on such deferred
shares of Common Stock, as soon as administratively feasible following the payment of such dividends to stockholders of record.

8

c. If the Committee permits deferral of the PSU Awards under this Agreement, then each provision of this Agreement
shall be interpreted to permit deferral only (i) in accordance with the terms of the WM 409A Plan and (ii) as allowed in compliance with
Section 409A. Any provision that would conflict with such requirements is not valid or enforceable. Employee acknowledges, without limitation,
and consents that the application of Section 409A to this Agreement may require additional delay of payments otherwise payable under this
Agreement or the WM 409A Plan. Employee and the Company agree to execute any instruments and take any action as reasonably may be necessary
to comply with Section 409A.

General Terms

1. Restrictions on Transfer.

a. Absent prior written consent of the Committee, Awards may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, or
otherwise encumbered, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, other than pursuant to a domestic relations
order; provided, however, that the transfer of any shares of Common Stock issued under the Awards shall not be restricted by virtue of
this Agreement once such shares have been paid out.

b. Consistent with paragraph 1.a. above and except as provided in paragraph 3. below, no right or benefit under
this Agreement shall be subject to transfer, anticipation, alienation, sale, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or charge, whether voluntary,
involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, and any attempt to transfer, anticipate, alienate, sell, assign, pledge, encumber or charge
the same shall be void. No right or benefit hereunder shall in any manner be liable for or subject to any debts, contracts, liabilities,
or torts of the person entitled to such benefits. If Employee or his Beneficiary shall attempt to transfer, anticipate, alienate, assign,
sell, pledge, encumber or charge any right or benefit hereunder (other than pursuant to a domestic relations order), or if any creditor
shall attempt to subject the same to a writ of garnishment, attachment, execution sequestration, or any other form of process or involuntary
lien or seizure, then such attempt shall have no effect and shall be void.

2. Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued under the Plan or this Agreement.

3. Withholding Tax. Employee agrees that Employee is responsible for federal, state, and local tax consequences
associated with the Awards (and any associated Dividend Equivalents) under this Agreement. Upon the occurrence of a taxable event with
respect to any Award under this Agreement, Employee shall deliver to WM at such time, (i) such amount of money or shares of Common Stock
earned or owned by Employee or (ii) if employee is an executive officer at the time of such tax event and so elects (or, otherwise, with
WMs approval), shares deliverable to Employee at such time pursuant to the applicable Award, in each case, as WM may require to
meet its obligation under applicable tax laws or regulations, and, if Employee fails to do so, WM is authorized to withhold from any shares
of Common Stock deliverable to Employee, cash, or other form of remuneration then or thereafter payable to Employee, any tax required
to be withheld.

4. Compliance with Securities Laws. WM is not required to deliver any shares of Common Stock under this
Agreement, if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such issuance would violate the Securities Act of 1933, any other applicable
federal or state securities laws or regulations, or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Common Stock
may then be listed. Prior to the issuance of any shares, WM may require Employee (or Employees legal representative upon Employees
death or disability) to enter into such written representations, warranties and agreements as WM may reasonably request in order to comply
with applicable laws, including an agreement (in such form as the Committee may specify) under which Employee represents that the shares
of Common Stock acquired under an Award are being acquired for investment and not with a view to sale or distribution.

9

Further,WM may postpone issuing and/or delivering any Common Stock for so long as WM, in its complete and sole discretion, reasonably determines
is necessary to satisfy any of the following conditions: (a) the Company completing or amending any securities registration or qualification
of the Common Stock, (b) receipt of proof satisfactory to WM that a person seeking to exercise the Award after the Employees death
is entitled to do so; (c) establishment of Employees compliance with any necessary representations or terms and conditions of
the Plan or this Agreement, or (d) compliance with any federal, state, or local tax withholding obligations.

5. Employee to Have no Rights as a Stockholder. Employee shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect
to any shares of Common Stock subject to this Award prior to the date on which Employee is recorded as the holder of such shares of Common
Stock on the records of the Company, including no right to dividends declared on the Common Stock underlying the Award. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Dividend Equivalents shall be paid to Employee in accordance with and subject to the terms of paragraph 6 under Important
Award Details.

6. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by Employee, WM and their respective permitted successors or assigns (including personal representatives, heirs, and legatees), except
that Employee may not assign any rights or obligations under this Agreement except to the extent, and in the manner, expressly permitted
herein. The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or
substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner
and to the same extent that WM would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place, except as otherwise expressly provided
under Important Award Details.

7. Limitation of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement or the Plan may be construed to:

a. give Employee any right to be awarded any further Awards other than in the sole discretion of the Committee;

b. give Employee or any other person any interest in any fund or in any specified asset or assets of WM (other
than the Awards made by this Agreement, the related Dividend Equivalents awarded under this Agreement, and any Common Stock issuable under
the terms and conditions of such Awards); or

c. confer upon Employee the right to continue in the employment or service of WM.

8. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas,
without reference to principles of conflict of laws.

9. Severability/Entire Agreement. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.

a. Employee understands and agrees that the Awards granted under this Agreement are granted under the authority of the Plan and these
Awards and this Agreement are in all ways governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and its administrative practices and interpretations,
which also include the Clawback Policy. Any inconsistency between the Agreement and the Plan shall be resolved in favor of the Plan. Employee
also agrees the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Agreement and related administrative practices and interpretations control, even
if there is a conflict with any other terms and conditions in any employment agreement or in any prior awards. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, as a condition to receipt of this Award, Employee agrees that the provisions relating to vesting and/or forfeiture of
this Award upon a Termination of Employment set forth in this Agreement supersede and replace any provisions relating to vesting of the
Award upon termination or other event set forth in any employment agreement, offer letter or similar document.

b. Employee understands and agrees that he or she is to consult with and rely upon only Employees
own tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding the consequences and risks of this Agreement and the awards made under this Agreement.

10

c. Except as provided in paragraph 13 below, this Agreement may not be amended except in writing (including
by electronic writing) signed by all the parties to this Agreement (or their respective successors and legal representatives). The captions
are not a part of the Agreement and for that reason shall have no force or effect.

10. No Waiver. In the event the Employee or WM fails to insist on strict compliance with any term or condition of this Agreement
or fails to assert any right under this Agreement, such failure is not a waiver of that term, condition or right.

11. Covenant Requirement Essential Part of Award. An overriding condition (even if any other provision
of the Plan and this Agreement are conflicting) for Employee to receive any benefit from or payment of any Award under this Agreement,
is that Employee must also have entered, and abided by the terms of, an agreement containing restrictive covenants concerning limitations
on Employees behavior following termination of employment that is satisfactory to WM.

12. Definitions. If not defined in this Agreement, capitalized terms have the meanings set forth in the
Plan.

13. Compliance with Section 409A. Both WM and Employee intend that this Agreement does not result in unfavorable
tax consequences to Employee under Section 409A. Accordingly, Employee consents to any amendment of this Agreement WM may reasonably make
consistent to achieve that intention and WM may, disregarding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, unilaterally execute
such amendment to this Agreement. WM shall promptly provide, or make available to, Employee a copy of any such amendment. WM agrees to
make any such amendments to preserve the intended benefits to the Employee to the maximum extent possible. This paragraph does not create
an obligation on the part of WM to modify this Agreement and does not guarantee that the amounts or benefits owed under the Agreement
will not be subject to interest and penalties under Section 409A. Each cash and/or stock payment and/or benefit provided under the Plan
and this Agreement and/or pursuant to the terms of WMs benefit plans, programs and policies shall be considered a separate payment
for purposes of Section 409A. For purposes of Section 409A, to the extent that Employee is a specified employee within the
meaning of the Treasury Regulations issued pursuant to Section 409A as of Employees separation from service and to the limited
extent necessary to avoid the imputation of any tax, penalty or interest pursuant to Section 409A, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Agreement, no amount which is subject to Section 409A of the Code and is payable on account of Employees separation from
service shall be paid to Employee before the date (the Delayed Payment Date) which is the first day of the seventh month
after the Employees separation from service or, if earlier, the date of the Employees death following such separation from
service. All such amounts that would, but for the immediately preceding sentence, become payable prior to the Delayed Payment Date will
be accumulated and paid without interest on the Delayed Payment Date.

14. Use of Personal Data. Employee agrees to the collection, use, processing, and transfer of certain personal data, including
name, salary, nationality, job title, position, social security number (or other tax identification number) and details of all past Awards
and current Awards outstanding under the Plan (Data), for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan.
Employee is not obliged to consent to such collection, use, processing, and transfer of personal data, but a refusal to provide such consent
may affect the ability to participate in the Plan. WM may transfer Data among themselves or to third parties as necessary for the purpose
of implementation, administration, and management of the Plan. These various recipients of Data may be located throughout the world. Employee
authorizes these various recipients of Data to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the
purposes of implementing, administering, and managing the Plan. Employee may, at any time, review Data with respect to Employee and require
any necessary amendments to such Data. Employee may withdraw his or her consent to use Data herein by notifying WM in writing (according
to the provisions of paragraph 15 below); however, Employee understands that by withdrawing his or her consent to use Data, Employee may
affect his or her ability to participate in the Plan.

15. Notices. Any notice given by one party under this Agreement to the other shall be in writing and may be delivered personally
or by mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the Secretary of the Company, at its then corporate 

11

headquarters, and Employee at Employees address
as shown on WMs records, or to such other address as Employee, by notice to the Company, may designate in writing from time
to time.

16. Electronic Delivery. WM may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Awards under this Agreement,
the Plan, and/or the WM 409A Plan, by electronic means or request Employees consent to participate in the administration of this
Agreement, the Plan, and/or the WM 409A Plan by electronic means. Employee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery
and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by WM or another third party
designated by WM.

17. Binding Arbitration. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Committees findings,
calculations and determinations under this Agreement are made in the sole discretion of the Committee, and Employee expressly agrees that
such determinations shall be final and not subject to dispute. In the event, however, that Employee has a right to dispute a matter hereunder
(including, but not limited to, the right to dispute set forth in paragraph 4 under Important Award Details) or a matter
directly relating to this Award under the Clawback Policy, the Company and Employee agree that such dispute shall be settled exclusively
by final and binding arbitration, as governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. 1 et seq.). The arbitration proceeding,
including the rendering of an award, if any, shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to its Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures,
which may be found on the JAMS Website www.jamsadr.com. All expenses associated with the arbitration shall be borne by WM; provided
however, that such arbitration expenses will not include attorney fees incurred by the respective parties. Judgment on any arbitration
award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.

18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, which together shall constitute one and the same original.

12

Execution

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused
this Agreement to be duly executed by one of its officers thereunto duly authorized and Employee has executed this Agreement, effective
as of [].

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC. 

Employee

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm257911d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Long Term Incentive Compensation

Stock Option Award Agreement

under the

Waste Management, Inc. 2023
Stock Incentive Plan

This
Award Agreement (this Agreement) is entered
into effective as of [](the
Grant Date), by and between Waste Management,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) (together with its Subsidiaries
and Affiliates, WM), and [](Employee).
At all times, the Awards under this Agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the Waste Management, Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive
Plan (the Plan), this Agreement, and all applicable administrative interpretations
and practices. A copy of the Plan and the Plan Prospectus is available online at www.benefits.ml.com. Please also see the Companys
Form 10-K included in its most recent Annual Report, available on the Investor Relations page of www.wm.com under Financial Reporting
Annual Reports, for information about the Company. By executing this Agreement, you consent to receipt of the Plan, the Prospectus,
and the Annual Reports by electronic access as set forth in this paragraph. 

You
must execute this Agreement in full, online in accordance with the instructions below, prior to [], in order for this Agreement to become effective. If you do not execute this Agreement by correctly following
the instructions below, your Awards may be cancelled. 

Important Instructions for
Executing this Agreement

If you are a new equity award participant, you must
open a Limited Individual Investor Account (LIIA) before you can accept your awards. To open your LIIA, log in to www.benefits.ml.com
at the secure website maintained by the third-party stock administrator. Once logged in, follow the prompts to Open a Brokerage
Account. When you have successfully created your account, follow the online instructions, and complete all the steps required to
accept the award.

If you have previously received a stock-based incentive
award, log on to www.benefits.ml.com at the secure website maintained by the third-party stock administrator. Follow the online instructions
and complete all the steps required to accept the award.

Stock Options

1. Stock Option Grant. The Company hereby grants to Employee a stock option award (the Stock
Option Award) for [] shares (Stock Options) of Common Stock provided in the Notice.
This Stock Option Award grants Employee the right to purchase shares of Common Stock at the Grant Price. The Grant Price
is the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Grant Date.

2. Term. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, the maximum term of the Stock Option
Award is the 10th anniversary of the Grant Date.

3. Right to Exercise. Provided Employee remains employed by WM continuously through the applicable exercise
dates, the Stock Option Award will become vested and exercisable as follows:

1

Exercise Date 

Cumulative Percentage of Stock

Option Award Exercisable

Prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date 0%

On or after the first anniversary of the Grant Date 34%

On or after the second anniversary of the Grant Date 67%

On or after the third anniversary of the Grant Date 100%

4. Manner of Exercise. To exercise all or a portion of the Stock Option Award, Employee must contact
(either by phone or online) the third-party stock plan administrator designated by the Company and follow the procedures established by
the Company for exercising a Stock Option Award.

5. Payment of Grant Price. The Grant Price is payable in full to the Company either (a) in cash or its
equivalent; (b) by tendering previously acquired shares of Common Stock held for at least six months and with an aggregate fair market
value at the time of exercise equal to the aggregate Grant Price; (c) to the extent Employee is an executive officer at the time of exercise,
by withholding shares of Common Stock that otherwise would be acquired pursuant to the Stock Option Award; or (d) any combination of the
foregoing. The Grant Price may also be paid by cashless exercise through delivery of irrevocable instructions to a broker to promptly
deliver to the Company the amount of proceeds from a sale of shares having fair market value equal to the Grant Price, provided that such
instructions are delivered by no later than the close of the New York Stock Exchange on the last Trading Day prior to the
10th anniversary of the Grant Date. Payment by cashless exercise shall not be considered to have occurred until the broker has issued
confirmation of the transaction. For these purposes, Trading Day means a day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open
for trading for its regular trading sessions.

Important Award Details

Your Awards under this Agreement are subject to
important terms and conditions set forth below. Please read them carefully and seek advice from your own legal and tax advisors before
executing this Agreement.

1. Death or Disability. Upon Employees death or disability (as determined by the Committee and
within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations issued thereunder (Section
409A) and specifically Section 409A(a)(2)(C) (Disability)), Employee (or in the case of Employees
death, Employees beneficiary) shall, subject to paragraph 2.e below, be entitled to:

a. exercise all Stock Options outstanding under the Stock Option Award (whether previously exercisable) for
one year following such event. Provided however, if Employee was eligible for Retirement (as defined below) at the time
of his death or Disability, the Stock Option Award will remain exercisable for three years following the date of such event.

2. Treatment of Stock Option Award upon Involuntary Termination; Resignation; Retirement.

a. Involuntary Termination of Employment Without Cause or Resignation by Employee. Upon an involuntary
Termination of Employment without Cause by WM or a Termination of Employment due to a voluntary resignation by Employee that is accepted
by WM that is not a Retirement, for a period of 90 days following such Termination of Employment, Employee shall be entitled to exercise
all the Stock Options then outstanding and exercisable under the Stock Option Award. Any Stock Options that are not outstanding and exercisable
at the time of the applicable termination shall be forfeited without the payment of any consideration by WM, and any Stock Options that
were eligible to be exercised pursuant to this paragraph 3.a but were not exercised during the 90-day exercise period shall also be forfeited
without the payment of any consideration by WM.

2

b. Retirement. Upon Employees Retirement, the Stock Option Award shall continue to become exercisable
under the applicable exercise schedule for three years following Employees Retirement and once exercisable shall remain exercisable
for the three-year period following Employees Retirement

c. The following terms shall have the meanings set forth below for purposes of this Agreement:

i. Retirement means Termination of Employment due to the voluntary resignation of employment by
Employee, after Employee (1) has reached age 55 or greater; (2) has a sum of age plus years of Service (as defined in paragraph ii. below)
with WM equal to 65 or greater; and (3) has completed at least 5 consecutive full years of Service with WM during the 5-year period immediately
preceding the resignation; provided, that Employee is not receiving severance benefits pursuant to the severance pay plans of WM
in connection with such Termination of Employment.

ii. Service is measured from Employees original date of hire by WM, except as provided below.
In the case of a break of employment by Employee from WM of one year or more in length, Employees service before the break of employment
is not considered Service. Service with an entity acquired by WM is considered Service so long as Employee remained continuously employed
with such predecessor company(ies) and WM. In the case of a break of employment between a predecessor company and WM of any length, Employees
Service shall be measured from the original date of hire by WM and shall not include any service with any predecessor company.

iii. Termination of Employment means the termination of Employees employment or other service
relationship with WM as determined by the Committee. Temporary absences from employment because of illness, vacation or leave of absence
and transfers among the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates will not be considered a Termination of Employment. Any question as
to whether and when there has been a Termination of Employment, and the cause of such termination, shall be determined by and in the sole
discretion of the Committee and such determination shall be final.

iv. Cause means any of the following: (1) willful or deliberate and continual refusal to materially
perform Employees duties reasonably requested by WM after receipt of written notice to Employee of such failure to perform, specifying
such failure (other than as a result of Employees sickness, illness, injury, death or disability) and Employee fails to cure such
nonperformance within ten (10) days of receipt of said written notice; (2) breach of any statutory or common law duty of loyalty to WM;
(3) Employee has been convicted of, or pleaded nolo contendre to, any felony; (4) Employee willfully or intentionally caused material
injury to WM, its property, or its assets; (5) Employee disclosed to unauthorized person(s) proprietary or confidential information of
WM that causes a material injury to WM; or (6) any material violation or a repeated and willful violation of WMs policies or procedures,
including but not limited to, WMs Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (or any successor policy) then in effect.

d. In order to receive any of the vesting or exercisability benefits upon termination described in paragraphs
1 and 2 (except resignation), Employee (or, if applicable, Employees estate) must (x) execute and not revoke a general release
of claims in favor of WM and its affiliates in a form that is acceptable to WM and which has become effective and irrevocable prior to
the payment date set forth above (or such earlier deadline set by WM) and (y) continue to abide by all ongoing obligations to WM under
any restrictive covenant agreement.

3. Termination of Employment for Other Reasons.

a. Stock Option Award in the Event of Involuntary Termination with Cause. Upon Termination of Employment
by WM with Cause, Employee shall forfeit all Stock Options under the Stock Option Award, whether exercisable, without the payment of any
consideration by WM.

3

4. Recoupment Provisions

a. Clawback Policy

i. Notwithstanding any provisions in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, any portion of the payments
and benefits provided under this Agreement or the sale of any shares of Common Stock issued hereunder shall be subject to the Waste Management,
Inc. Clawback Policy, adopted by the Committee of the Board on August 21, 2023, (as may be amended from time to time, the Clawback
Policy) and any other clawback or recovery policy adopted by the Committee or the Board from time to time, including, without
limitation, any such policy adopted in accordance with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
of 2010 or any rule or regulation of the SEC or New York Stock Exchange. Additionally, notwithstanding the terms of any of the organizational
documents of WM, any corporate policy, or any contract between Employee and WM, Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that Employee
will not be entitled to (i) indemnification for any liability (including any amounts owed by Employee in a judgment or settlement in connection
with any action taken by the Committee or the Board to enforce the Clawback Policy) (such action, a Clawback Proceeding)
or loss (including judgments, fines, taxes, penalties or amounts paid in settlement by or on behalf of Employee incurred by Employee in
connection with or as a result of any Clawback Proceeding) or (ii) indemnification or advancement of any expenses (including attorneys
fees) from WM incurred by Employee in connection any Clawback Proceeding; provided, however, if Employee is successful on the merits in
the defense of any claim asserted against Employee in a Clawback Proceeding, Employee shall be indemnified for the expenses (including
attorneys' fees) Employee reasonably incurred to defend such claim. Employee knowingly, voluntarily and intentionally waives, and agrees
not to asset any claims regarding, any and all rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and other rights from WM to which Employee
is now or may become entitled under any indemnity agreement or other contract between Employee and WM, the organizational documents of
WM and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, in each case to the extent such waiver and agreement is necessary to comply
with applicable law or give effect to the preceding provisions of this paragraph.

b. Repayment of Award in the Event of Misconduct.

i. Overriding any other inconsistent terms of this Agreement, if the Committee, in its sole discretion, determines
that Employee either engaged in or benefited from Misconduct (as defined below), then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Employee
shall refund and pay to WM any Common Stock and/or amounts (including Dividend Equivalents), plus interest, received by Employee under
this Agreement. Misconduct means any act or failure to act by any employee of WM that (i) caused or was intended to cause
a violation of WMs policies or the WM code of conduct, generally accepted accounting principles or any applicable laws in effect
at the time of the act or failure to act in question and that (ii) materially increased the value of the payment or Award received by
Employee under this Agreement. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, delegate the determination of Misconduct to an independent third
party (either a law firm or an accounting firm, hereinafter referred to as Independent Third Party) appointed by the Committee.

ii. Following a determination of Misconduct by Employee, Employee may dispute such determination pursuant to
binding arbitration as set forth below under General Terms provided, however, that if Employee is determined to have benefited
from, but not engaged in, Misconduct, Employee will have no right to dispute such determination and such determination shall be conclusive
and binding.

iii. WM must initiate recovery pursuant to this paragraph by the earliest of (i) one year after discovery of alleged
Misconduct, or (ii) the second anniversary of Employees Termination of Employment.

4

iv. The provisions of this paragraph, without any implication as to any other provision of this Agreement, shall
survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement and Employees employment.

5. Acceleration upon Corporate Change. Overriding any other inconsistent terms of this Agreement:

a. Stock Option Award. In the event of Employees involuntary Termination of Employment without
Cause or Termination of Employment due to a resignation by Employee for Good Reason that, in either case, occurs on or before the second
anniversary of a Corporate Change, the Stock Option Award shall become exercisable immediately (whether previously exercisable) and shall
remain exercisable for the three-year period following such Termination of Employment. For this purpose, Good Reason
has the same meaning as within the Waste Management Holding, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (Executive Severance Plan).
In the event Employee is not a participant in the Executive Severance Plan, then Good Reason means the initial existence of one or more
of the following conditions, arising without the consent of the Employee: (1) a material diminution in Employees base compensation;
(2) a material diminution in Employees authority, duties, or responsibilities; (3) the relocation of the geographic location of
the Employees principal place of employment by more than 50 miles from the location Employees immediately prior principal
place of employment; provided, that, Employee cannot terminate Employees employment for Good Reason
unless Employee has provided written notice to the Company of the existence of the condition providing grounds for termination for Good
Reason within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the condition, the written notice must provide for a date of termination not
less than thirty (3) nor more than sixty (60) days after the date such notice is given, and the condition specified in the notice must
remain uncorrected through the date of termination set forth in the notice.

b. The following terms shall have the meanings set forth below for purposes of this Agreement:

c. Window Period means the period beginning on the date occurring six (6) months immediately prior
to the date on which a Corporate Change first occurs and ending on the second anniversary of the date on which a Corporate Change occurs.

General Terms

1. Restrictions on Transfer.

a. Absent prior written consent of the Committee, Awards may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, or
otherwise encumbered, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, other than pursuant to a domestic relations
order; provided, however, that the transfer of any shares of Common Stock issued under the Awards shall not be restricted by virtue of
this Agreement once such shares have been paid out.

b. Consistent with paragraph 1.a. above and except as provided in paragraph 3. below, no right or benefit under
this Agreement shall be subject to transfer, anticipation, alienation, sale, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or charge, whether voluntary,
involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, and any attempt to transfer, anticipate, alienate, sell, assign, pledge, encumber or charge
the same shall be void. No right or benefit hereunder shall in any manner be liable for or subject to any debts, contracts, liabilities,
or torts of the person entitled to such benefits. If Employee or his Beneficiary shall attempt to transfer, anticipate, alienate, assign,
sell, pledge, encumber or charge any right or benefit hereunder (other than pursuant to a domestic relations order), or if any creditor
shall attempt to subject the same to a writ of garnishment, attachment, execution sequestration, or any other form of process or involuntary
lien or seizure, then such attempt shall have no effect and shall be void.

2. Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued under the Plan or this Agreement.

5

3. Withholding Tax. Employee agrees that Employee is responsible for federal, state, and local tax consequences
associated with the Awards under this Agreement. Upon the occurrence of a taxable event with respect to any Award under this Agreement,
Employee shall deliver to WM at such time, (i) such amount of money or shares of Common Stock earned or owned by Employee or (ii) if employee
is an executive officer at the time of such tax event and so elects (or, otherwise, with WMs approval), shares deliverable to Employee
at such time pursuant to the applicable Award, in each case, as WM may require to meet its obligation under applicable tax laws or regulations,
and, if Employee fails to do so, WM is authorized to withhold from any shares of Common Stock deliverable to Employee, cash, or other
form of remuneration then or thereafter payable to Employee, any tax required to be withheld.

4. Compliance with Securities Laws. WM is not required to deliver any shares of Common Stock under this
Agreement, if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such issuance would violate the Securities Act of 1933, any other applicable
federal or state securities laws or regulations, or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Common Stock
may then be listed. Prior to the issuance of any shares, WM may require Employee (or Employees legal representative upon Employees
death or disability) to enter into such written representations, warranties and agreements as WM may reasonably request in order to comply
with applicable laws, including an agreement (in such form as the Committee may specify) under which Employee represents that the shares
of Common Stock acquired under an Award are being acquired for investment and not with a view to sale or distribution.

Further, WM may postpone issuing and/or
delivering any Common Stock for so long as WM, in its complete and sole discretion, reasonably determines is necessary to satisfy any
of the following conditions: (a) the Company completing or amending any securities registration or qualification of the Common Stock,
(b) receipt of proof satisfactory to WM that a person seeking to exercise the Award after the Employees death is entitled to do
so; (c) establishment of Employees compliance with any necessary representations or terms and conditions of the Plan or this Agreement,
or (d) compliance with any federal, state, or local tax withholding obligations.

5. Employee to Have no Rights as a Stockholder. Employee shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect
to any shares of Common Stock subject to this Award prior to the date on which Employee is recorded as the holder of such shares of Common
Stock on the records of the Company, including no right to dividends declared on the Common Stock underlying the Award.

6. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by Employee, WM and their respective permitted successors or assigns (including personal representatives, heirs, and legatees), except
that Employee may not assign any rights or obligations under this Agreement except to the extent, and in the manner, expressly permitted
herein. The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or
substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner
and to the same extent that WM would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place, except as otherwise expressly provided
in paragraph 5.a. under Important Award Details.

7. Limitation of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement or the Plan may be construed to:

a. give Employee any right to be awarded any further Awards other than in the sole discretion of the Committee;

b. give Employee or any other person any interest in any fund or in any specified asset or assets of WM (other
than the Awards made by this Agreement, the related Dividend Equivalents awarded under this Agreement, and any Common Stock issuable under
the terms and conditions of such Awards); or

c. confer upon Employee the right to continue in the employment or service of WM.

6

8. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas,
without reference to principles of conflict of laws.

9. Severability/Entire Agreement. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.

a. Employee understands and agrees that the Awards granted under this Agreement are granted under the authority of the Plan and these
Awards and this Agreement are in all ways governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and its administrative practices and interpretations,
which also include the Clawback Policy. Any inconsistency between the Agreement and the Plan shall be resolved in favor of the Plan. Employee
also agrees the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Agreement and related administrative practices and interpretations control, even
if there is a conflict with any other terms and conditions in any employment agreement or in any prior awards. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, as a condition to receipt of this Award, Employee agrees that the provisions relating to vesting and/or forfeiture of
this Award upon a Termination of Employment set forth in this Agreement supersede and replace any provisions relating to vesting of the
Award upon termination or other event set forth in any employment agreement, offer letter or similar document.

b. Employee understands and agrees that he or she is to consult with and rely upon only Employees
own tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding the consequences and risks of this Agreement and the awards made under this Agreement.

c. Except as provided in paragraph 13 below, this Agreement may not be amended except in writing (including
by electronic writing) signed by all the parties to this Agreement (or their respective successors and legal representatives). The captions
are not a part of the Agreement and for that reason shall have no force or effect.

10. No Waiver. In the event the Employee or WM fails to insist on strict compliance with any term or condition of this Agreement
or fails to assert any right under this Agreement, such failure is not a waiver of that term, condition or right.

11. Covenant Requirement Essential Part of Award. An overriding condition (even if any other provision
of the Plan and this Agreement are conflicting) for Employee to receive any benefit from or payment of any Award under this Agreement,
is that Employee must also have entered, and abided by the terms of, an agreement containing restrictive covenants concerning limitations
on Employees behavior following termination of employment that is satisfactory to WM.

12. Definitions. If not defined in this Agreement, capitalized terms have the meanings set forth in the
Plan.

13. Compliance with Section 409A. Both WM and Employee intend that this Agreement does not result in unfavorable
tax consequences to Employee under Section 409A. Accordingly, Employee consents to any amendment of this Agreement WM may reasonably make
consistent to achieve that intention and WM may, disregarding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, unilaterally execute
such amendment to this Agreement. WM shall promptly provide, or make available to, Employee a copy of any such amendment. WM agrees to
make any such amendments to preserve the intended benefits to the Employee to the maximum extent possible. This paragraph does not create
an obligation on the part of WM to modify this Agreement and does not guarantee that the amounts or benefits owed under the Agreement
will not be subject to interest and penalties under Section 409A. Each cash and/or stock payment and/or benefit provided under the Plan
and this Agreement and/or pursuant to the terms of WMs benefit plans, programs and policies shall be considered a separate payment
for purposes of Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is intended that Stock Option Awards are not subject to Section 409A.
For purposes of Section 409A, to the extent that Employee is a specified employee within the meaning of the Treasury Regulations
issued pursuant to Section 409A as of Employees separation from service and to the limited extent necessary to avoid the imputation
of any tax, penalty or interest pursuant to Section 409A, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no amount which
is subject to Section 409A of the Code and is payable 

7

on account of Employees separation from service shall be paid to Employee
before the date (the Delayed Payment Date) which is the first day of the seventh month after the Employees separation
from service or, if earlier, the date of the Employees death following such separation from service. All such amounts that would,
but for the immediately preceding sentence, become payable prior to the Delayed Payment Date will be accumulated and paid without interest
on the Delayed Payment Date.

14. Use of Personal Data. Employee agrees to the collection, use, processing, and transfer of certain personal data, including
name, salary, nationality, job title, position, social security number (or other tax identification number) and details of all past Awards
and current Awards outstanding under the Plan (Data), for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan.
Employee is not obliged to consent to such collection, use, processing, and transfer of personal data, but a refusal to provide such consent
may affect the ability to participate in the Plan. WM may transfer Data among themselves or to third parties as necessary for the purpose
of implementation, administration, and management of the Plan. These various recipients of Data may be located throughout the world. Employee
authorizes these various recipients of Data to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the
purposes of implementing, administering, and managing the Plan. Employee may, at any time, review Data with respect to Employee and require
any necessary amendments to such Data. Employee may withdraw his or her consent to use Data herein by notifying WM in writing (according
to the provisions of paragraph 15 below); however, Employee understands that by withdrawing his or her consent to use Data, Employee may
affect his or her ability to participate in the Plan.

15. Notices. Any notice given by one party under this Agreement to the other shall be in writing and may be delivered personally
or by mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the Secretary of the Company, at its then corporate headquarters, and Employee at Employees
address as shown on WMs records, or to such other address as Employee, by notice to the Company, may designate in writing from
time to time.

16. Electronic Delivery. WM may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Awards under this Agreement,
the Plan, and/or the WM 409A Plan, by electronic means or request Employees consent to participate in the administration of this
Agreement, the Plan, and/or the WM 409A Plan by electronic means. Employee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery
and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by WM or another third party
designated by WM.

17. Binding Arbitration. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Committees findings,
calculations and determinations under this Agreement are made in the sole discretion of the Committee, and Employee expressly agrees that
such determinations shall be final and not subject to dispute. In the event, however, that Employee has a right to dispute a matter hereunder
(including, but not limited to, the right to dispute set forth in paragraph 5 under Important Award Details) or a matter
directly relating to this Award under the Clawback Policy, the Company and Employee agree that such dispute shall be settled exclusively
by final and binding arbitration, as governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. 1 et seq.). The arbitration proceeding,
including the rendering of an award, if any, shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to its Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures,
which may be found on the JAMS Website www.jamsadr.com. All expenses associated with the arbitration shall be borne by WM; provided
however, that such arbitration expenses will not include attorney fees incurred by the respective parties. Judgment on any arbitration
award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.

18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, which together shall constitute one and the same original.

8

Execution

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused
this Agreement to be duly executed by one of its officers thereunto duly authorized and Employee has executed this Agreement, effective
as of [].

WASTE MANAGEMENT, INC. Employee

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm257911d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.3

EXECUTIVE OFFICER ANNUAL INCENTIVE PROGRAM

2025 Executive Officer Annual Incentive Award
Agreement

This Executive Officer Annual
Incentive Award (the Award) is granted on February 25, 2025 (the Award Date),
by USA Waste-Management Resources, LLC, for itself and on behalf of Waste Management, Inc. (WMI) and its applicable
subsidiaries and affiliated entities (collectively the Company) to [] (Awardee
or you).

WHEREAS, on February 17,
2025, the Management Development and Compensation Committee (the Committee) of WMIs Board of Directors
approved and adopted an annual cash-based incentive program for Executive Officers of WMI, as further described in the minutes of such
Committee meeting (the Program); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms
and conditions of this agreement (the Agreement) and the Program, you are receiving an opportunity to accept
this Award.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of mutual covenants set forth herein and for other valuable consideration hereinafter set forth, the Award is hereby granted on the following
terms and conditions:

1. Terms
and Conditions. The Award is subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Program. All capitalized terms not
defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning stated in the Program. If there is any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement
and the terms of the Program, the terms of the Program shall control unless this Agreement expressly states that an exception to the Program
is being made. All decisions or interpretations of the Agreement and the Program by the Committee are binding, conclusive and final.

2. Definitions.
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings stated below.

(a) AIP
Target Percentage means the percentage of your Base Salary, as approved by the Committee, used to calculate the actual
payout of the Award. The actual payout under this Award can range from 0% to 200% of your AIP Target Percentage based on the Companys
achievement on the Performance Goals and any Individual Performance Modifier. Your AIP Target Percentage may change if your position changes
during the Program Year but is otherwise set on the Award Date.

(b) Base
Salary means the base salary you received as an employee as of the last day of the Program Year on which you were eligible
for the Program, (i) including any amounts deferred pursuant to an election under any 401(k) plan, pre-tax premium plan, deferred
compensation plan, or flexible spending account sponsored by the Company, but (ii) excluding any incentive compensation, employee
benefit, or other benefit paid or provided under any incentive, bonus or employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company.

1

(c) Individual
Agreement means any written employment, change in control or severance agreement signed by both parties, if any, between
you and the Company.

(d) Individual
Performance Modifier. The Committee has retained discretion to increase or decrease an individuals payout under
the Program based on individual performance.

(e) Payout
Target means the dollar value obtained by multiplying (i) your Base Salary and (ii) your AIP Target Percentage.

(f) Performance
Goals means the performance criteria approved by the Committee.

(g) Program
Year means January 1, 2025, through December 31, 2025.

3. Grant
Date Award Value Components.

(a) Target
Award Percentage. Your AIP Target Percentage for the Program Year is []%.

(b) Maximum
Performance Levels. The maximum value of the Award shall not exceed 200% of your Payout Target, subject to the application of
any Individual Performance Modifier.

4. Award
Calculation. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Program and this Agreement, including, without limitation, Sections
3(b) and 6, the final amount of your Award shall be equal to the dollar amount obtained by multiplying your Payout Target (expressed
as dollar amount) by the Companys achievements on the Performance Goals This amount shall then be increased or decreased by application
of the Individual Performance Modifier, if any. Any Award that is earned will be paid in a lump-sum cash payment no later than March 15th
of the year following the Program Year.

5. Effect
of Termination of Employment. Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary below in the remainder of this Section 5, in the
event of any inconsistency between this Section 5 and any written Individual Agreement you may have, the terms of the Individual
Agreement will control. In the event your employment is terminated at any time on or after the Award Date and prior to the last day of
the Program Year, your Award will be treated as follows:

(a) Death.
If your termination of employment is a result of your death you will receive a pro-rata Award based solely on your Base Salary and AIP
Target Percentage at the time of your death, prorated by the number of days worked during the Program Year prior to the date of death
(the Pro-Rata Award). Subject to Section 4, your beneficiaries or your estate, as applicable, will be
paid in cash as soon as practicable following your termination date, but in no event later than March 15th of the year
following the Program Year.

(b) Terminations
other than Death. Unless your termination of employment is a result of your death, you must be employed by the Company on the
last day of the Program Year to be eligible to receive payment of an Award. You have no vested interest in the Award prior to the last
day of the Program Year. If your employment with the Company terminates for any reason other than your death, whether your termination
is voluntary or involuntary, with or without cause, you will not be eligible to receive payment of any Award for the Program Year.

2

6. Right
of the Committee. The Committee retains the right to interpret or amend the Program in its sole authority and discretion. The Committee
has stipulated that the Program is subject to the terms of the Committees AIP/LTIP Adjustments Policy approved May 12, 2014.

7. Right
of the Company to Terminate Services. Nothing in this Agreement confers upon you the right to continue in the employ of the Company
or interfere in any way with the rights of the Company to terminate your employment at any time, with or without cause.

8. Clawback
Policy. Awardee understands and agrees that the Award granted under this Agreement is granted under the authority of the Program and
the Award and this Agreement are in all ways governed by the terms and conditions of the Program and its administrative practices and
interpretations. This award is explicitly subject to the Waste Management, Inc. Clawback Policy, adopted by the Committee on August 21,
2023 (as may be amended from time to time, the Clawback Policy), as well as the Committees clawback
guidelines adopted on August 23, 2007. Regardless of the terms of any Individual Agreement or any organizational documents of the
Company, you understand and agree that you will not be entitled to indemnification for any liability or loss, or advancement of expenses,
incurred by you in connection with a claim under the Clawback Policy.

9. Nontransferability.
Neither this Agreement nor this Award subject to this Agreement shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, exchange,
transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or garnishment by your creditors or your beneficiary, except transfer by will or by the laws
of descent and distribution. All rights with respect to this Agreement shall be exercisable during your lifetime only by yourself or,
if necessary, your guardian or legal representative.

10. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Awardee, the Company and their respective
permitted successors or assigns (including personal representatives, heirs and legatees), except that Awardee may not assign any rights
or obligations under this Agreement except to the extent, and in the manner, expressly permitted herein. The Company shall require any
successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all the business and/or
assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company
would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place.

11. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas, without reference
to principles of conflict of laws.

12. Compliance
with Section 409A. Both the Company and Awardee intend that this Agreement does not result in unfavorable tax consequences to
Awardee under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations issued thereunder (Section 409A).
Accordingly, Awardee consents to any amendment of this Agreement the Company may reasonably make consistent to achieve that intention
and the Company may, disregarding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, unilaterally execute such amendment to this Agreement.
The Company shall promptly provide, or make available to, Awardee a copy of any such amendment. The Company agrees to make any such amendments
to preserve the intended benefits to Awardee to the maximum extent possible. This Section 21 does not create an obligation on the
part of the Company to modify this Agreement and does not guarantee that the amounts or benefits owed under this Agreement will not be
subject to interest and penalties under Section 409A. Each cash and/or stock payment and/or benefit provided under the Program and
this Agreement and/or pursuant to the terms of the Companys benefit plans, programs and policies shall be considered a separate
payment for purposes of Section 409A. For purposes of Section 409A, to the extent that Awardee is a specified employee
within the meaning of the Treasury Regulations issued pursuant to Section 409A as of Awardees separation from service and
to the limited extent necessary to avoid the imputation of any tax, penalty or interest pursuant to Section 409A, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no amount which is subject to Section 409A and is payable on account of Awardees
separation from service shall be paid to Awardee before the date (the Delayed Payment Date) which is the first
day of the seventh month after Awardees separation from service or, if earlier, the date of Awardees death following such
separation from service. All such amounts that would, but for the immediately preceding sentence, become payable prior to the Delayed
Payment Date will be accumulated and paid without interest on the Delayed Payment Date.

3

13. Notices.
Any notice given by one party under this Agreement to the other shall be in writing and may be delivered personally or by mail, postage
prepaid, addressed to the Secretary of the Company, at its then corporate headquarters, and Awardee at Awardees address as shown
on the Companys records, or to such other address as Awardee, by notice to the Company, may designate in writing from time to time.

14. Electronic
Delivery. The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Award under this Agreement or the Program,
by electronic means or request Awardees consent to participate in the administration of this Agreement or the Program by electronic
means. Awardee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Program through an on-line
or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company.

15. Binding
Arbitration. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Committees findings, calculations and determinations under
this Agreement are made in the sole discretion of the Committee, and Awardee expressly agrees that such determinations shall be final
and not subject to dispute. In the event, however, that Awardee has a right to dispute a matter hereunder or a matter directly relating
to this Award under the Clawback Policy, the Company and Awardee agree that such dispute shall be settled exclusively by final and binding
arbitration, as governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. 1 et seq.). The arbitration proceeding, including the rendering
of an award, if any, shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to its Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, which may be found
on the JAMS Website www.jamsadr.com. All expenses associated with the arbitration shall be borne by the Company; provided however,
that such arbitration expenses will not include attorney fees incurred by the respective parties. Judgment on any arbitration award may
be entered in any court having jurisdiction.

16. Headings.
The titles and headings of Sections are included for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in construction of the
provisions hereof.

4

Execution

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, USA Waste-Management
Resources, LLC has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by one of its officers thereunto duly authorized and Awardee has executed
this Agreement, effective as of [].

USA WASTE-MANGEMENT AWARDEE

RESOURCES, LLC 

[NAME]

Date:

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>wm-20250225.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>wm-20250225_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>wm-20250225_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 25, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 25, 2025

Entity File Number 1-12154

Entity Registrant Name WASTE MANAGEMENT INC

Entity Central Index Key 0000823768

Entity Tax Identification Number 73-1309529

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 800
Capitol Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
3000

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77002

City Area Code 713

Local Phone Number 512-6200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol WM

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://wm.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm257911d1_8k.htm 
wm-20250225.xsd 
wm-20250225_lab.xml 
wm-20250225_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-019125-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm257911d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000823768 

2025-02-25 
2025-02-25 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000823768 
WASTE MANAGEMENT INC 
8-K 
2025-02-25 
DE 
1-12154 
73-1309529 
800 Capitol Street 
Suite 3000 
Houston 
TX 
77002 
713 
512-6200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
WM 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>