<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-057824.txt : 20250319
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-057824.hdr.sgml : 20250319
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250319160528
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-057824
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250319
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250319
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250319

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIDUS INVESTMENT Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001513363
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				275017321
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00861
		FILM NUMBER:		25752704

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1603 ORRINGTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 820
		CITY:			EVANSTON
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-859-3940

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1603 ORRINGTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 820
		CITY:			EVANSTON
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60201
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d822632d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000151336300015133632025-03-192025-03-19iso4217:USD

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): March 19, 2025

Fidus Investment Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Maryland 

814-00861 

27-5017321

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1603 Orrington Avenue, Suite 1005, Evanston, Illinois 

60201

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: 

847-859-3940

Not Applicable 

Former name or former address, if changed since last report 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 

8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 

14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share FDUS The NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 

12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

(240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 19, 2025, Fidus Investment Corporation (the Company) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee), entered into the Sixth Supplemental Indenture (the Sixth Supplemental Indenture) to the Indenture, dated February 2, 2018, by and between the Company and the Trustee (the Base Indenture and together with the Sixth Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture). The Sixth Supplemental Indenture relates to the Companys issuance and sale of $100.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 6.750% Notes due 2030 (the Notes and the issuance and sale of the Notes, the Offering). 

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under the Companys senior secured revolving credit facility with ING Capital LLC (the Credit Facility). However, the Company may 

re-borrow under the Credit Facility and use such borrowings to invest in lower middle-market companies in accordance with the Companys investment objective and strategies and for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

The Notes will mature on March 19, 2030, unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.750% per year payable semi-annually in arrears on March 19 and September 19 of each year, beginning September 19, 2025. The Notes are the Companys direct unsecured obligations and rank 

pari passu with the Companys existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness, including the Companys 4.75% notes due 2026 and the Companys 3.50% notes due 2026; senior to any series of preferred stock that the Company may issue in the future; senior to any of the Companys future indebtedness that expressly provides it is subordinated to the Notes; effectively subordinated to all of the Companys existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which the Company subsequently grants security), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, including, without limitation, borrowings under the Credit Facility; and structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of the Companys existing or future subsidiaries, including, without limitation, the indebtedness of the small business investment company subsidiaries of the Company. 

Prior to September 19, 2029 (six months prior to the maturity date of the Notes) (the Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at the Companys option, at a redemption price equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 

360-day year consisting of twelve 

30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the Sixth Supplemental Indenture) plus 50 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

In addition, if a Change of Control Repurchase Event (as defined in the Sixth Supplemental Indenture) occurs prior to maturity of the Notes, holders of the Notes will have the right, at their option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash some or all of the Notes at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. 

The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act), or any successor provisions, to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, or any successor provisions, whether or not the Company continues to be subject to such provisions of the 1940 Act, but giving effect, in either case, to any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and certain other exceptions, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Notes and the Trustee if the Company should no longer be subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are set forth in the Indenture.

The Notes were offered and sold in an offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form 

N-2 (File 

No. 333-277540) previously filed with the SEC, as supplemented by a preliminary prospectus supplement dated March 12, 2025, a final prospectus supplement dated March 12, 2025 and the pricing term sheet filed with the SEC on March 12, 2025. This Current Report on Form 

8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. The transaction closed on March 19, 2025.

The foregoing descriptions of the Sixth Supplemental Indenture and the Notes do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Sixth Supplemental Indenture and the form of global note representing the Notes filed as Exhibit 4.2 and Exhibit 4.3, respectively, hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 

8-K is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

4.1 Form of Indenture by and between Fidus Investment Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(5) to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-202531) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2016). 

4.2 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 19, 2025, by and between Fidus Investment Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee. 

4.3 Form of Global Note with respect to the 6.750% Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 hereto). 

5.1 Opinion of Eversheds Sutherland (US) LLP 

23.1 Consent of Eversheds (US) LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1 hereto). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by 

the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 19, 2025 

Fidus Investment Corporation

By: 

/s/ Shelby E. Sherard

Shelby E. Sherard

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d822632dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

between 

FIDUS INVESTMENT
CORPORATION 

and 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Trustee 

Dated as of
March 19, 2025 

THIS SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Sixth Supplemental Indenture), dated as of March 19,
2025 is between Fidus Investment Corporation, a Maryland corporation (the Company), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee). All
capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Base Indenture (as defined below). 

RECITALS OF THE COMPANY

The Company and the Trustee executed and delivered an Indenture, dated as of February 2, 2018 (the Base Indenture
and, as supplemented by this Sixth Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), to provide for the issuance by the Company from time to time of the Companys unsecured debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (the
Securities), to be issued in one or more series as provided in the Indenture. 

The Company desires to issue and sell
$100,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 6.750% Notes due 2030 (the Notes). 

The Company previously
entered into the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 2, 2018 (the First Supplemental Indenture), the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 8, 2019 (the Second Supplemental Indenture),
the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 16, 2019 (the Third Supplemental Indenture), the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 23, 2020 (the Fourth Supplemental Indenture), and the Fifth
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 8, 2021 (the Fifth Supplemental Indenture), each of which amended and supplemented the Base Indenture. The First Supplemental Indenture, the Second Supplemental Indenture, the Third
Supplemental Indenture, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, and the Fifth Supplemental Indenture are not applicable to the Notes. 

Sections
901(4) and 901(6) of the Base Indenture provide that without the consent of Holders of the Securities of any series issued under the Indenture, the Company, when authorized by or pursuant to a Board Resolution, and the Trustee, at any time and from
time to time, may enter into one or more indentures supplemental to the Base Indenture in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee to (i) change or eliminate any of the provisions of the Indenture when there is no Security Outstanding of any
series created prior to the execution of the supplemental indenture that is entitled to the benefit of such provision and (ii) establish the form or terms of Securities of any series as permitted by Section 201 and Section 301 of the
Base Indenture. 

The Company desires to establish the form and terms of the Notes and to modify, alter, supplement and change certain
provisions of the Base Indenture for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes (except as may be provided in a future supplemental indenture to the Indenture (each, a Future Supplemental Indenture)). 

The Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Sixth Supplemental
Indenture to provide for the issuance of the Notes and all acts and things necessary to make this Sixth Supplemental Indenture a valid, binding, and legal obligation of the Company and to constitute a valid agreement of the Company, in accordance
with its terms, have been done and performed. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the purchase of the Notes by
the Holders thereof, it is mutually agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Notes, as follows: 

ARTICLE I

TERMS OF THE NOTES 

Section 1.01. Terms of the Notes. The following terms relating to the Notes are hereby established:

(a) The Notes shall constitute a series of Senior Securities having the title 6.750% Notes due 2030. The Notes shall bear a
CUSIP number of 316500 AD9 and an ISIN number of US316500AD91, as may be supplemented or replaced from time to time. 

(b) The aggregate
principal amount of the Notes that may be initially authenticated and delivered under the Indenture (except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration of, transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Notes pursuant to Sections
304, 305, 306, 906, 1107 or 1305 of the Base Indenture, and except for any Securities that, pursuant to Section 303 of the Base Indenture, are deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered under the Indenture) shall be $100,000,000.
Under a Board Resolution, Officers Certificate pursuant to Board Resolutions or an indenture supplement, the Company may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of Notes, issue additional Notes (in any such case Additional
Notes) having the same ranking and the same interest rate, maturity and other terms as the Notes; provided that, if such Additional Notes are not fungible with the Notes (or any other tranche of Additional Notes) for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, then such Additional Notes will have different CUSIP and ISIN numbers from the Notes (and any such other tranche of Additional Notes). Any Additional Notes and the existing Notes will constitute a single series under the Indenture and
all references to the relevant Notes herein shall include the Additional Notes unless the context otherwise requires. 

2 

(c) The entire outstanding principal of the Notes shall be payable on March 19, 2030
unless earlier redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the provisions of this Sixth Supplemental Indenture. 

(d) The rate at which the
Notes shall bear interest shall be 6.750% per annum. The date from which interest shall accrue on the Notes shall be March 19, 2025, or the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or provided for; the Interest Payment
Dates for the Notes shall be March 19 and September 19 of each year, beginning September 19, 2025 (if an Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then the applicable interest payment will be made on the next
succeeding Business Day and no additional interest will accrue as a result of such delayed payment); the initial interest period will be the period from and including March 19, 2025, to, but excluding, the initial Interest Payment Date, and the
subsequent interest periods will be the periods from and including an Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date or the Stated Maturity, as the case may be; the interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided
for, on any Interest Payment Date, will be paid to the Person in whose name the Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be March 4 and
September 4 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Payment of principal of (and premium, if any, on) and any such interest on the Notes will be made at the office of the Trustee located
at 111 Fillmore Avenue, St. Paul, MN 55107, Attention: Fidus Investment Corporation (6.750% Notes Due 2030) and at such other address as designated by the Trustee, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is
legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, if the holder of the Notes requests the Company to do so, the Company will pay any amount that becomes due on the Notes by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to an account at a bank in New York, New York (upon not less than 15 Business Days notice prior to the time of payment); provided, further, however, that so long as the Notes are registered to Cede & Co.,
such payment will be made by wire transfer in accordance with the procedures established by The Depository Trust Company and the Trustee. Interest on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year
of twelve 30-day months. 

(e) The Notes shall be initially issuable in global form (each such
Note, a Global Note). The Global Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication thereon shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A to this Sixth Supplemental Indenture. Each Global Note shall represent the aggregate
amount of the outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein and each shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate amount of outstanding Notes represented
thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby
shall be made by the Trustee or the Security Registrar, in accordance with Sections 203 and 305 of the Base Indenture. 

(f) The depositary
for such Global Notes (the Depositary) shall be The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York. The Security Registrar with respect to the Global Notes shall be the Trustee. 

3 

(g) The Notes shall be defeasible pursuant to Section 1402 or Section 1403 of the
Base Indenture. Covenant defeasance contained in Section 1403 of the Base Indenture shall apply to the covenants contained in Sections 1007, 1008 and 1009 of the Indenture. For the avoidance of doubt, Article Four of the Base Indenture also
applies to the Notes. 

(h) The Notes shall be redeemable pursuant to Section 1101 of the Base Indenture and as follows: 

(i) Prior to September 19, 2029 (six months prior to the maturity date of the Notes) (the Par Call Date), the Company may
redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year
consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, or (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed,
plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

(ii) On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

(iii) Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the
following two paragraphs. 

(iv) The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after
such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear
after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securities Treasury constant maturities Nominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select,
as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.
15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H. 15 immediately longer than
the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H. 15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on
H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

4 

(v) If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM or any successor
designation or publication is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day
preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are
two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the
United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the
preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States
Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the
average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

(vi) The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes,
absent manifest error. 

(vii) Notice of redemption shall be given in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, by overnight
courier guaranteeing next-day delivery, by facsimile, or by electronic mail, provided that so long as the Notes are registered to Cede & Co., such notice shall be given in accordance with the
Trustees and the Depositorys standard practices and procedures, to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed, not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days prior to the Redemption Date, at the Holders address,
facsimile number or email address appearing in the Security Register. All notices of redemption shall contain the information set forth in Section 1104 of the Base Indenture. 

(viii) Any exercise of the Companys option to redeem the Notes will be done in compliance with the Indenture and the Investment Company
Act, to the extent applicable. 

(ix) If the Company elects to redeem only a portion of the Notes, the Trustee or, with respect to the
Global Notes, the Depositary will determine the method for selecting the particular Notes to be redeemed, in accordance with Section 1103 of the Base Indenture and the Investment Company Act and the rules of any national securities exchange or
quotation system on which the Notes are listed, in each case to the extent applicable; provided, however, that no such partial redemption shall reduce the portion of the principal amount of a Note not redeemed to less than $2,000. 

5 

(x) Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price, on and after the
Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes called for redemption hereunder. 

(i) The Notes shall not be subject to any
sinking fund pursuant to Section 1201 of the Base Indenture. 

(j) The Notes shall be issuable in minimum denominations of $2,000 and
integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

(k) Holders of the Notes will not have the option to have the Notes repaid prior to the
Stated Maturity other than in accordance with Article Thirteen of the Indenture. 

(l) The Notes are hereby designated as Senior
Securities under the Indenture. 

ARTICLE II 

DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION 

Section 2.01. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the
Notes but no other series of Securities under the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article One of the Base Indenture shall be amended by adding the following defined terms to Section 101 in appropriate alphabetical
sequence, as follows: 

Below Investment Grade Rating Event means the Notes are downgraded below Investment Grade
by the Rating Agency on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that results in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of a
Change of Control (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by the Rating Agency); provided that a Below Investment Grade Rating Event
otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus shall not be deemed a Below Investment Grade Rating Event for purposes of the definition of
Change of Control Repurchase Event hereunder) if the Rating Agency making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply does not announce or publicly confirm or inform the Trustee in writing at the Companys request
(acting at the written direction of the holders of a majority of Principal amounts of the Notes) that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the
applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of the Below Investment Grade Rating Event). 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: 

(i) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation) in one or a
series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Controlled Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person or group (as those terms are used in Section 13(d)(3) of the
Exchange Act), other than to any Permitted Holders; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, a pledge of assets pursuant to any secured debt instrument of the Company or its Controlled Subsidiaries shall not be deemed to be
any such sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or disposition; 

6 

(ii) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or
consolidation) the result of which is that any person or group (as those terms are used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) (other than any Permitted Holders) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding Voting Stock of the Company, measured by voting power rather
than number of shares; or 

(iii) the approval by the Companys stockholders of any plan or proposal relating to the liquidation or
dissolution of the Company. 

Change of Control Repurchase Event means the occurrence of a Change of Control
and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. 

Controlled Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company, 50%
or more of the outstanding equity interests of which are owned by the Company and its direct or indirect Subsidiaries and of which the Company possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or
policies, whether through the ownership of voting equity interests, by agreement or otherwise. 

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any statute successor thereto. 

Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements
of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the opinions and pronouncements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, which are in effect from time to time. 

Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules, regulations and
interpretations promulgated thereunder, to the extent applicable, and any statute successor thereto. 

Investment
Grade means a rating of BBB- or better by Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Fitch) (or, in any case, if such Rating Agency ceases to rate the Notes for reasons outside
of the Companys control, the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any Rating Agency selected by the Company as a replacement Rating Agency). 

Permitted Holders means (i) the Company, (ii) one or more of the Companys Controlled Subsidiaries or
(iii) Fidus Investment Advisors, LLC, any affiliate of Fidus Investment Advisors, LLC or any entity that is managed or advised by Fidus Investment Advisors, LLC or any of their affiliates. 

7 

Rating Agency means: 

(1) Fitch; and 

(2) if Fitch
ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the
Exchange Act selected by the Company as a replacement agency for Fitch. 

Significant Subsidiary means any
Subsidiary that would be a significant subsidiary as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act, as such regulation
is in effect on the date of this Indenture (but excluding any Subsidiary which is (a) a non-recourse or limited recourse Subsidiary, (b) a bankruptcy remote special purpose vehicle or (c) is not
consolidated with the Company for purposes of GAAP). 

Voting Stock as applied to stock of any person, means
shares, interests, participations or other equivalents in the equity interest (however designated) in such person having ordinary voting power for the election of a majority of the directors (or the equivalent) of such person, other than shares,
interests, participations or other equivalents having such power only by reason of the occurrence of a contingency. 

Section 2.02. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the
Notes but no other series of Securities under the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article One of the Base Indenture shall be amended by amending the definition of Subsidiary in Section 101 to add the
following sentence at the end of such definition: 

In addition, for purposes of this definition,
Subsidiary shall exclude any investments held by the Company in the ordinary course of business which are not, under GAAP, consolidated on the financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

Section 2.03. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the
Notes but no other series of Securities under the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 104 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing clause (d) with the following: 

(d) If the Company shall solicit from the Holders of Registered Securities any request, demand, authorization, direction,
notice, consent, waiver or other Act, the Company may, at its option, in or pursuant to a Board Resolution, fix in advance a record date for the determination of Holders entitled to give such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice,
consent, waiver or other Act, but the Company shall have no obligation to do so. Notwithstanding TIA Section 316(c), such record date shall be the record date specified in or pursuant to such Board Resolution, which shall be a date not earlier
than the date 30 days prior to the first solicitation of Holders generally in connection therewith and not later than the date such solicitation is completed. If such a record date is fixed, such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice,
consent, waiver or other Act may be given before or after such record date, but only the Holders of record at the close of business 

8 

on such record date shall be deemed to be Holders for the purposes of determining whether Holders of the requisite proportion of Outstanding Securities have authorized or agreed or consented to
such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act, and for that purpose the Outstanding Securities shall be computed as of such record date; provided that no such authorization, agreement or consent by the Holders
on such record date shall be deemed effective unless it shall become effective pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture not later than eleven months after the record date. 

ARTICLE III 

REMEDIES

Section 3.01. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders
of the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 501 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing clauses (2) and (6) with the following clauses
(2) and (6) and adding the following clause (9) thereto: 

(2) default in the payment of the principal of
(or premium, if any, on) the Notes when it becomes due and payable at their Maturity; 

(6) a court of competent
jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that: 

(A) 

is for relief against the Company in an involuntary case or proceeding, or 

(B) 

adjudges the Company bankrupt or insolvent, or approves as properly filed a petition seeking reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company, or 

(C) 

appoints a Custodian of the Company or for all or substantially all of its property, or 

(D) 

orders the winding up or liquidation of the Company, 

and the continuance of any such decree or order for relief or any such other decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60
consecutive days; 

(9) default by the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries with respect to any
mortgage, agreement or other instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed in excess of $50 million in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such
Significant Subsidiary, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal or interest of any
such debt when due and payable at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, unless, in either case, such indebtedness is discharged, or such acceleration is rescinded, stayed or annulled, within a
period of 30 calendar days after written notice of such failure is given to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then Outstanding. 

9 

Section 3.02. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental
Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 502 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing the first paragraph
thereof with the following: 

If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default under Section 501(5) or
Section 501(6)) with respect to the Notes at the time Outstanding occurs and is continuing, then and in every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes may (and the Trustee shall at
the written request of such Holders) declare the principal of all the Notes to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by the Holders), and upon any such declaration such principal or
specified portion thereof shall become immediately due and payable, but does not entitle any Holder to any redemption payout or redemption premium. If an Event of Default under Section 501(5) or Section 501(6) occurs, the entire principal
amount of all the Notes will automatically become due and immediately payable. 

ARTICLE IV 

COVENANTS 

Section 4.01. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the
Notes but no other series of Securities under the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article Ten of the Base Indenture shall be amended by adding the following new Sections 1007, 1008 and 1009 thereto, each as set forth
below: 

Section 1007. Section 18(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act. 

The Company hereby agrees that for the period of time during which the Notes are Outstanding, the Company will not violate
Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act or any successor provisions thereto, whether or not the Company continues to be subject to such provisions of the Investment Company Act, but giving effect,
in either case, to any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the Commission. 

Section 1008.
Section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Investment Company Act. 

The Company hereby agrees that, for the period of time
during which the Notes are Outstanding, the Company will not violate Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act or any successor provisions thereto, whether or not the Company is subject to such
provisions of the Investment Company Act, and after giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the Commission, except that the Company may declare a cash dividend or distribution, notwithstanding the prohibition contained in
Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act or any successor provisions thereto, but only up to such amount as is necessary in order for the Company to maintain its status as a regulated investment
company under subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; provided, however, that the prohibition in this Section 1008 shall not apply until such time as the 

10 

Companys asset coverage has been below the minimum asset coverage required pursuant to Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act or any
successor provisions thereto (after giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the Commission) for more than six (6) consecutive months. 

Section 1009. Commission Reports and Reports to Holders. 

If, at any time, the Company is not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act to file any periodic
reports with the Commission, the Company agrees to furnish to the Holders of the Notes and the Trustee for the period of time during which the Notes are Outstanding: (i) within 90 days after the end of the each fiscal year of the Company,
audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Company and (ii) within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company (other than the Companys fourth fiscal quarter), unaudited interim consolidated financial
statements of the Company. All such financial statements shall be prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with applicable GAAP. 

ARTICLE V 

REDEMPTION OF
SECURITIES 

Section 5.01. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of
the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 1103 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing the first paragraph thereof with the following:

If less than all the Securities of any series issued on the same day with the same terms are to be redeemed, the
particular Securities to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee, or by the Depositary in the case of global Securities, in compliance with the requirements of DTC, from the Outstanding Securities of such series issued on such date with the
same terms not previously called for redemption, in compliance with the requirements of the principal national securities exchange on which the Securities are listed (if the Securities are listed on any national securities exchange), or if the
Securities are not held through DTC or listed on any national securities exchange, or DTC prescribed no method of selection, by such method as the Trustee shall deem fair and appropriate and subject to and otherwise in accordance with the procedures
of the applicable Depositary; provided that such method complies with the rules of any national securities exchange or quotation system on which the Securities are listed (which rules shall be certificated to the Trustee by the Company or
such national securities exchange at the Trustees request), and may provide for the selection for redemption of portions (equal to the minimum authorized denomination for Securities of that series or any integral multiple thereof) of the
principal amount of Securities of such series of a denomination larger than the minimum authorized denomination for Securities of that series; provided, however, that no such partial redemption shall reduce the portion of the principal amount
of a Security not redeemed to less than the minimum authorized denomination for Securities of such series. 

11 

ARTICLE VI 

REPAYMENT AT THE OPTION OF HOLDERS 

Section 6.01. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the
Notes but no other series of Securities under the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article Thirteen of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing Sections 1301 to 1305 with the following: 

Section 1301. Change of Control Repurchase Event.

If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Company shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes in full,
the Company shall make an offer to each Holder of the Notes to repurchase all or any part (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 principal amount in excess thereof) of that Holders Notes at a repurchase price in
cash equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of repurchase. Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase
Event or, at the Companys option, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the Change of Control, the Company shall mail a notice to each Holder describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may
constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase Notes on the payment date specified in the notice, which date shall be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed. The
notice shall, if mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice. The
Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable
in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with this Section 1301, the Company shall comply with the
applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 1301 by virtue of such conflict. 

On the Change of Control Repurchase Event payment date, subject to extension if necessary to comply with the provisions of the
Investment Company Act, the Company will, to the extent lawful: 

(a) accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes
properly tendered pursuant to its offer; 

(b) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the aggregate purchase price
in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and 

12 

(c) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly
accepted, together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes being purchased by the Company. 

The Paying Agent will promptly remit to each holder of Notes properly tendered the purchase price for the Notes, and upon
receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided that each
new Note will be in a minimum principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

If any
Repayment Date upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then the required payment will be made on the next succeeding Business Day and no additional interest will accrue as a result of such delayed
payment. 

The Company will not be required to make an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase
Event if a third party makes an offer in respect of the Notes in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn
under its offer. 

ARTICLE VII 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 7.01. This Sixth Supplemental Indenture and the Notes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the law of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. This Sixth Supplemental Indenture is subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are required to be part of the Indenture and shall, to the extent
applicable, be governed by such provisions. 

Section 7.02. In case any provision in this Sixth Supplemental
Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 7.03. This Sixth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be an original,
but such counterparts will together constitute but one and the same Sixth Supplemental Indenture. The exchange of copies of this Sixth Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile, .pdf transmission, email or other electronic means
shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Sixth Supplemental Indenture for all purposes, and each party agrees that words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Sixth
Supplemental Indenture, the Notes or in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Sixth Supplemental Indenture or the offering and sale of the Notes shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or
other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf, tif or jpg) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign or any other electronic process or digital signature
provider as specified in writing to the Trustee and agreed to by the Trustee in its sole discretion ). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other

13 

record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a
paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other applicable
law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. For the avoidance of doubt, all notices, approvals, consents, requests and any communications hereunder or with respect to this Sixth Supplemental
Indenture must be in writing in English, and each party agrees that this Sixth Supplemental Indenture, the Notes and any other documents to be delivered in connection herewith may be electronically or digitally signed using DocuSign (or any other
electronic process or digital signature provider as specified in writing to the Trustee and agreed to by the Trustee in its sole discretion), and that any such electronic or digital signatures appearing on this Sixth Supplemental Indenture, the
Notes or such other documents are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility. The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of using digital signatures and electronic methods to
submit communications to Trustee, including without limitation the risk of Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. 

Section 7.04. The Base Indenture, as supplemented and amended by this Sixth Supplemental Indenture, is in all
respects ratified and confirmed, and the Base Indenture and this Sixth Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument with respect to the Notes. All provisions included in this Sixth Supplemental Indenture
supersede any conflicting provisions included in the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes, unless not permitted by law. The Trustee accepts the trusts created by the Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Sixth Supplemental Indenture, and
agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions of the Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Sixth Supplemental Indenture. 

Section 7.05. The provisions of this Sixth Supplemental Indenture shall become effective as of the date hereof. 

Section 7.06. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary herein, the terms and provisions of this Sixth
Supplemental Indenture shall apply only to the Notes and shall not apply to any other series of Securities under the Indenture and this Sixth Supplemental Indenture shall not and does not otherwise affect, modify, alter, supplement or change the
terms and provisions of any other series of Securities under the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding. 

Section 7.07. The recitals contained herein and in the Notes shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and
the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Sixth Supplemental Indenture, the Notes or any Additional Notes, except that the Trustee represents that it
is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Sixth Supplemental Indenture, authenticate the Notes and any Additional Notes and perform its obligations hereunder. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of the
Notes or any Additional Notes or the proceeds thereof. All of the provisions contained in the Indenture in respect of the rights, privileges, immunities, powers, and duties of the Trustee shall be applicable in respect of this Sixth Supplemental
Indenture as fully and with like force and effect as though fully set forth in full herein. 

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Sixth Supplemental Indenture to be
duly executed as of the date first above written. 

FIDUS INVESTMENT CORPORATION

By: /s/ Edward H. Ross

Name: Edward H. Ross

Title: Chief Executive Officer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as Trustee

By: /s/ Joshua A. Hahn

Name: Joshua A. Hahn

Title: Vice President

[Signature page to
Sixth Supplemental Indenture] 

Exhibit A Form of Global Note 

This Security is a Global Note within the meaning of the Indenture hereinafter referred to and is registered in the name of The Depository Trust Company or a
nominee thereof. This Security may not be exchanged in whole or in part for a Security registered, and no transfer of this Security in whole or in part may be registered, in the name of any Person other than The Depository Trust Company or a nominee
thereof, except in the limited circumstances described in the Indenture. 

Unless this certificate is presented by an authorized representative of The
Depository Trust Company to the issuer or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment and such certificate issued in exchange for this certificate is registered in the name of Cede & Co., or such other name as requested by
an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, any transfer, pledge or other use hereof for value or otherwise by or to any person is wrongful, as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 

Fidus Investment Corporation 

No. $

CUSIP No. 316500 AD9

ISIN No. US316500AD91

6.750% Notes due 2030 

Fidus Investment Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of Maryland (herein called the Company,
which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of (U.S.
$ ) on March 19, 2030 and to pay interest thereon from March 19, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on March 19 and
September 19 in each year, beginning September 19, 2025, at the rate of 6.750% per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest
Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be March 4 and September 4 (whether or not
a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the
Person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, which shall be not more than 15 days and not less than 10 days prior to the
date of the proposed payment, and notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements
of any securities exchange on which the Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in said Indenture. This Security may be issued as part of a series. 

Exhibit A - 1 

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any, on) and any such interest on this Security
will be made at the office of the Trustee located at 111 Fillmore Avenue, St. Paul, MN 55107, Attention: Fidus Investment Corporation (6.750% Notes Due 2030) and at such other address as designated by the Trustee, in such coin or currency of the
United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, if the holder of the Notes requests the Company to do so, the Company will pay any amount that becomes due on the
Notes by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account at a bank in New York, New York (upon not less than 15 Business Days notice prior to the time of payment); provided, further, however, that so long as this Security is
registered to Cede & Co., such payment will be made by wire transfer in accordance with the procedures established by The Depository Trust Company and the Trustee. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all
purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the
Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual signature, this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

Exhibit A - 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: 

FIDUS INVESTMENT CORPORATION

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Attest

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit A - 3 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: 

U.S. Bank TRUST COMPANY, National Association

(as successor in interest to U.S. bank National Association),

as
Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Exhibit A - 4 

Fidus Investment Corporation 

6.750% Notes due 2030 

This
Security is one of a duly authorized issue of Senior Securities of the Company (herein called the Securities), issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of February 2, 2018 (herein called the
Base Indenture, which term shall have the meaning assigned to it in such instrument), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as Trustee (herein
called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Base Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Base Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder
of the Company, the Trustee, and the Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered, as supplemented by the Sixth Supplemental Indenture relating to the Securities, dated
March 19, 2025, by and between the Company and the Trustee (herein called the Sixth Supplemental Indenture; the Sixth Supplemental Indenture and together with the Base Indenture, collectively are herein called the
Indenture). In the event of any conflict between the Base Indenture and the Sixth Supplemental Indenture, the Sixth Supplemental Indenture shall govern and control. 

This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, which series is initially limited in aggregate principal amount to
$ . Under a Board Resolution, Officers Certificate pursuant to Board Resolutions or an indenture supplement, the Company may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of Securities, issue additional
Securities of this series (in any such case Additional Securities) having the same ranking and the same interest rate, maturity and other terms as the Securities; provided that, if such Additional Securities are not fungible with
the Securities (or any other tranche of Additional Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes), then such Additional Securities will have different CUSIP and ISIN numbers from the Securities (and any such other tranche of Additional
Securities). Any Additional Securities and the existing Securities will constitute a single series under the Indenture and all references to the relevant Securities herein shall include the Additional Securities unless the context otherwise
requires. The aggregate amount of outstanding Securities represented hereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. 

Prior to September 19, 2029 (six months prior to the maturity date of the Securities) (the Par Call Date), the Company may
redeem the Securities at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the
present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Securities matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a
360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, or (2) 100% of the
principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

On
or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Securities, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest
thereon to the redemption date. 

1 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined
by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after
4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or
yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) H.15 (or
any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securities Treasury constant maturities Nominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the
Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is
no such Treasury constant maturity on H. 15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant
maturity on H. 15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or
(3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H. 15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the
applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM or any successor designation or publication is no longer published, the
Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States
Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a
maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date
preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from
among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York
City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as
a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. 

2 

Notice of redemption shall be given in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, by
overnight courier guaranteeing next-day delivery, by facsimile or by electronic mail to each Holder of the Securities to be redeemed, not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days prior to
the Redemption Date, at the Holders address, facsimile number or email address appearing in the Security Register. All notices of redemption shall contain the information set forth in Section 1104 of the Base Indenture. 

Any exercise of the Companys option to redeem the Securities will be done in compliance with the Indenture and the Investment Company
Act, to the extent applicable. 

If the Company elects to redeem only a portion of the Securities, the Trustee or, with respect to the
global Securities, the Depositary will determine the method for selecting the particular Securities to be redeemed, in accordance with Section 1.01 of the Sixth Supplemental Indenture and Section 1103 of the Base Indenture. In the event of
redemption of this Security in part only, a new Security or Securities of this series and of like tenor for the unredeemed portion hereof will be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof. 

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price, on and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the
Securities called for redemption. Holders will have the right to require the Company to repurchase their Securities upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event as set forth in the Indenture. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Security or certain restrictive covenants and
Events of Default with respect to this Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an
Event of Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be continuing (other than Events of Default under Section 501(5) or Section 501(6) of the Base Indenture), the principal of the Securities of this series may be
declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. If an Event of Default under Section 501(5) or Section 501(6) of the Base Indenture occurs the entire principal amount of the Securities of this series
will automatically become due and immediately payable. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment
thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of
not less than a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Securities of
each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any
such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu
hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Security. 

3 

As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Security
shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a
continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of this series, the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Securities of this series at the time Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute
proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee security, indemnity, or both, reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request, and
the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Securities of this series at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for sixty
(60) days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity and/or security. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or
interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this
Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency,
herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is
registrable in the Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security are payable, duly endorsed
by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities of this
series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Securities of this series are issuable only in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and any integral
multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series and of like tenor
of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made for any such
registration of transfer or exchange of Securities, but the Company or the Trustee may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee
shall treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and none of the Company, the Trustee or any agent thereof shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

4 

All terms used in this Security which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings
assigned to them in the Indenture. 

To the extent any provision of this Security conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture,
the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling. 

The Indenture and this Security shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. 

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d822632dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

March 19, 2025

Fidus Investment Corporation 

1603 Orrington Avenue, Suite 1005 

Evanston, Illinois 60201 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as counsel
to Fidus Investment Corporation, a Maryland corporation (the Company), in connection with the Companys registration statement on Form N-2 (File
No. 333-277540) filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), which registration statement was initially filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) on February 29, 2024 (as amended as of its most recent effective date, including the exhibits and schedules thereto and all documents incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated by reference therein, is hereinafter referred to as the Registration Statement). The Registration Statement relates to the public offering of securities of the
Company that may be offered by the Company from time to time as set forth in the prospectus, dated May 8, 2024, which forms part of the Registration Statement, together with the information incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by
reference (the Base Prospectus), and as may be set forth from time to time in one or more supplements to the Base Prospectus. This opinion letter is rendered in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of
$100,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the Companys 6.750% Notes due 2030 (the Notes), as described in (i) the Base Prospectus and (ii) the prospectus supplement, dated March 12, 2025, relating
to the Notes, together with the information incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein (together with the Base Prospectus included therein, the Prospectus Supplement), filed with the Commission pursuant
to Rule 424 under the Securities Act. All of the Notes are to be sold by the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, and the Prospectus Supplement. 

The Notes will be issued pursuant to the indenture, dated as of February 2, 2018 (the Base Indenture), entered
into between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by a sixth supplemental indenture, dated as
of March 19, 2025 (the Sixth Supplemental Indenture, and together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture). 

As counsel to the Company, we have participated in the preparation of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, and the Prospectus
Supplement and have examined the originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction as being true copies, of the following: 

(i) 

the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Company (the Charter), certified as
of a recent date by the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland (the SDAT); 

March 19, 2025 

Page 2 

(ii) 

the Bylaws of the Company, certified as of the date hereof by an officer of the Company; 

(iii) 

a Certificate of Good Standing with respect to the Company issued by the SDAT dated as of March 12, 2025;

(iv) 

the resolutions of the Companys board of directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, relating to,
among other things, (a) the authorization and approval of the preparation and filing of the Registration Statement, (b) the authorization, execution and delivery of the Indenture, and (c) the authorization, issuance and sale of the
Notes and the terms and conditions thereof; 

(v) 

the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025, by and among the Company and Fidus Investment
Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, on the one hand, and Raymond James & Associates, Inc., as representative of the several underwriters named in Exhibit A thereto, on the other hand, relating to the issuance and
sale of the Notes; 

(vi) 

the Indenture; and 

(vii) 

a specimen copy of the form of the Notes to be issued pursuant to the Indenture in the form attached to the
Indenture. 

With respect to such examination and our opinion expressed herein, we have assumed, without any independent
investigation or verification, (i) the genuineness of all signatures on all documents submitted to us for examination, (ii) the legal capacity of all natural persons, (iii) the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as
originals, (iv) the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as conformed or reproduced copies and the authenticity of the originals of such copied documents, (v) that all certificates issued by public officials
have been properly issued, (vi) the accuracy and completeness of all corporate records made available to us by the Company, (vii) that the Indenture will be a valid and legally binding obligation of the parties thereto (other than the
Company), and (viii) that at the time of issuance of the Notes, after giving effect to such issuance, the Company will be in compliance with Section 18(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940
Act), giving effect to Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. 

This opinion letter has been prepared, and should be
interpreted, in accordance with customary practice followed in the preparation of opinion letters by lawyers who regularly give, and such customary practice followed by lawyers who on behalf of their clients regularly advise opinion recipients
regarding, opinion letters of this kind. 

March 19, 2025 

Page 3 

As to certain matters of fact relevant to the opinion in this opinion letter, we have relied
upon certificates and/or representations of officers of the Company. We also have relied on certificates and confirmations of public officials. We have not independently established the facts, or in the case of certificates or confirmations of
public officials, the other statements, so relied upon. 

The opinion set forth below is limited to the contract laws of the State of New
York, as in effect on the date hereof, and we express no opinion with respect to any other laws of the State of New York or the laws of any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the preceding sentence, we express no opinion as to any state securities
or broker-dealer laws or regulations thereunder relating to the offer, issuance or sale of the Notes. 

On the basis of and subject to the
foregoing, and subject to the all of the assumptions, qualifications and limitations set forth in this opinion letter, we are of the opinion that, when the Notes are duly executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of the Company and duly
authenticated by the Trustee, all in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture, and delivered to the purchasers thereof against payment of the agreed consideration therefor, the Notes will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of
the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, and other similar laws
affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally and by general principles of equity (including, without limitation, the availability of specific performance or injunctive relief and the application of concepts of materiality,
reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing), regardless of whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity. 

The opinion expressed
in this opinion letter is: (a) strictly limited to the matters stated in this opinion letter, and without limiting the foregoing, no other opinions are to be inferred and (b) only as of the date of this opinion letter, and we are under no
obligation, and do not undertake, to advise the Company or any other person or entity either of any change of law or fact that occurs, or of any fact that comes to our attention, after the date of this opinion letter, even though such change or such
fact may affect the legal analysis or a legal conclusion in this opinion letter. 

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter
as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, to be filed with the Commission on the date hereof for incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement, and to the reference to our firm
in the Legal Matters section in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement. We do not admit by giving this consent that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7
of the Securities Act. 

/s/ EVERSHEDS SUTHERLAND (US) LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ck0001513363-20250319.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ck0001513363-20250319_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ck0001513363-20250319_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ck0001513363-20250319_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ck0001513363-20250319_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g822632g24r65.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover Page

Mar. 19, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name Fidus Investment Corporation

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001513363

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 19, 2025

Securities Act File Number 814-00861

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-5017321

Entity Address, Address Line One 1603 Orrington Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1005

Entity Address, City or Town Evanston

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60201

Entity Address, State or Province IL

City Area Code 847

Local Phone Number 859-3940

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol FDUS

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

N-2

$ in Millions 

Mar. 19, 2025 

USD ($)

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Central Index Key 0001513363

Amendment Flag false

Securities Act File Number 814-00861

Document Type 8-K

Entity Registrant Name Fidus Investment Corporation

Entity Address, Address Line One 1603 Orrington Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1005

Entity Address, City or Town Evanston

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60201

City Area Code 847

Local Phone Number 859-3940

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Capital Stock, Long-Term Debt, and Other Securities [Abstract] 

Long Term Debt, Title [Text Block] Sixth Supplemental Indenture

Long Term Debt, Principal $ 100.0

Long Term Debt, Structuring [Text Block] The Notes were offered and sold in an offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form 

N-2 (File 

No. 333-277540) previously filed with the SEC, as supplemented by a preliminary prospectus supplement dated March 12, 2025, a final prospectus supplement dated March 12, 2025 and the pricing term sheet filed with the SEC on March 12, 2025. This Current Report on Form 

8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. The transaction closed on March 19, 2025.

Long Term Debt, Dividends and Covenants [Text Block] The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act), or any successor provisions, to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, or any successor provisions, whether or not the Company continues to be subject to such provisions of the 1940 Act, but giving effect, in either case, to any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and certain other exceptions, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Notes and the Trustee if the Company should no longer be subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are set forth in the Indenture.

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

+ Details

Name: cef_CapitalStockLongTermDebtAndOtherSecuritiesAbstract

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

-Paragraph b

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtDividendsAndCovenantsTextBlock

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: dtr-types:textBlockItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtPrincipal

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

-Paragraph a

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtStructuringTextBlock

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: dtr-types:textBlockItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtTitleTextBlock

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: dtr-types:textBlockItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
27 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
1 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://www.FIDUSINVESTMENTCorp.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
R2.htm 
995470 - Disclosure - N-2 
Sheet 
http://xbrl.sec.gov/cef/role/N2 
N-2 
Notes 
2 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ck0001513363-20250319.xsd 
ck0001513363-20250319_cal.xml 
ck0001513363-20250319_def.xml 
ck0001513363-20250319_lab.xml 
ck0001513363-20250319_pre.xml 
d822632d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/cef/2024 
http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-057824-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>d822632d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001513363 

2025-03-19 
2025-03-19 

iso4217:USD 

false 
0001513363 
8-K 
2025-03-19 
Fidus Investment Corporation 
MD 
814-00861 
27-5017321 
1603 Orrington Avenue 
Suite 1005 
Evanston 
IL 
60201 
847 
859-3940 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
FDUS 
NASDAQ 
false 
Sixth Supplemental Indenture 
100000000 
The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act), or any successor provisions, to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, or any successor provisions, whether or not the Company continues to be subject to such provisions of the 1940 Act, but giving effect, in either case, to any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and certain other exceptions, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Notes and the Trustee if the Company should no longer be subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are set forth in the Indenture. 
The Notes were offered and sold in an offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-277540) previously filed with the SEC, as supplemented by a preliminary prospectus supplement dated March 12, 2025, a final prospectus supplement dated March 12, 2025 and the pricing term sheet filed with the SEC on March 12, 2025. This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. The transaction closed on March 19, 2025.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>