<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-034237.txt : 20250422
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-034237.hdr.sgml : 20250422
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250422164527
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-034237
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250420
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250422
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250422

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			International Media Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001846235
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE & VIDEO TAPE PRODUCTION [7812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40687
		FILM NUMBER:		25858251

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1604 HWY 130
		CITY:			NORTH BRUNSWICK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08902
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2129603677

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1604 HWY 130
		CITY:			NORTH BRUNSWICK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08902
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0239100-8k425_intern.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000184623500018462352025-04-202025-04-200001846235us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-04-202025-04-200001846235IMAQ:WarrantsMember2025-04-202025-04-200001846235us-gaap:RightsMember2025-04-202025-04-200001846235IMAQ:UnitsMember2025-04-202025-04-20iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

April 20, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

International Media Acquisition Corp.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-40687 86-1627460

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.) 

1604 US Highway 130

North Brunswick, NJ 08902

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrants telephone number,
including area code: (212) 960-3677

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common Stock IMAQ None

Warrants IMAQW None

Rights IMAQR None

Units IMAQU None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Equity Line Of Credit Agreement

On April 20, 2025, the Company entered into a
Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the Equity Line Agreement) with White Lion Capital LLC, a Nevada limited liability company
(Investor). Under the terms of the Equity Line Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to require
the Investor to purchase shares of the Companys common stock up to $300,000,000 in aggregate gross purchase price of newly issued
shares of the Companys common stock, with an option for the Company to increase this amount to $500,000,000 (the Commitment
Amount), subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the Equity Line Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms by the Equity Line Agreement.

In connection with the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by a business combination agreement (the BCA Closing), the Company will form
International Media Mini Acquisition Corp. (Purchaser), a British Virgin Islands business company and wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company, for the sole purpose of the merger of Company with and into Purchaser, in which Purchaser will be the surviving entity.
Upon Purchasers formation, the Company will assign the Equity Line Agreement to Purchaser and Purchaser shall be deemed to be the
Company as if it were the original signatory to the Equity Line Agreement.

Pursuant to terms of the Equity Line Agreement,
the Company is required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the shares to
be acquired by the Investor within thirty (30) days following the closing of the previously announced business combination with VCI Biofuels
Group, as described in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 9, 2025 (the Business Combination).

The Companys right
to drawdown from the Equity Line will commence on the first trading day following the BCA Closing and ending on the earlier of (i) the
date on which the Investor shall have purchased an aggregate number of Purchase Notice Shares (as defined in Equity Line Agreement) pursuant
to the Equity Line Agreement equal to the Commitment Amount or (ii) 36 months following the first trading day upon the BCA Closing with
an option to increase to 60 months at the Companys sole discretion following $100,000,000 in gross investment by the Investor (the
Commitment Period), in each case subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Equity Line Agreement, as described
in more detail below.

During the Commitment
Period, subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity Line Agreement, including that there be an effective registration statement
relating to the transactions contemplated by the Equity Line Agreement, the Company may deliver written purchase notices (each a Regular
Purchase Notice) to the Investor when the Company exercises its right to sell shares (the delivery date of any such notice, the
Regular Purchase Notice Date). the Investors purchase price will be the lower of (i) the closing price of the Companys
common Stock prior to the receipt of the applicable Regular Purchase Notice or (ii) the product of (a) the lowest daily volume-weighted
average price of the Companys common stock during the two (2) consecutive business days commencing on and including the Regular
Purchase Notice Date and (b) ninety-eight percent (98%). Investors committed obligation under each Regular Purchase Notice shall
not exceed $5,000,000 and the number of share sold pursuant to the Regular Purchase Notice may not exceed the lesser of (i) 40% of the
previous 5-days Average Daily Trading Volume immediately preceding receipt of the Regular Purchase Notice or (ii)$5,000,000 divided
by the highest closing price of the Companys common stock over the most recent five (5) Business Days immediately preceding the
receipt of the Regular Purchase Notice (the Regular Purchase Limit). Notwithstanding the forgoing, Investor may waive the
Regular Purchase Limit at any time to allow the Investor to purchase additional shares under a Regular Purchase Notice.

1

In addition, during the
Commitment Period, subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity Line Agreement, including that there be an effective registration
statement relating to the transactions contemplated by the Equity Line Agreement, the Company may deliver a written rapid purchase notice
(the Rapid Purchase Notice) to the Investor when the Company exercises its right to sell shares (the delivery date
of such notice, the Rapid Purchase Notice Date). The Investors rapid purchase price will be 98% of the lowest traded
price of the Companys common stock 1 hour following the confirmation of the receipt of the Rapid Purchase Notice by the Investor.

The Investors
committed obligation under the Rapid Purchase Notice shall not exceed $5,000,000, and the number of shares sold pursuant to the Rapid
Purchase Notice may not exceed $5,000,000 divided by the highest closing price of the Companys common stock over the most recent
five Business Days immediately preceding receipt of the subject Purchase Notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Investor may waive the
Rapid Purchase Notice Limit at any time to allow the Investor to purchase additional shares under a Rapid Purchase Notice.

The Company is not entitled
to draw on the Equity Line Agreement unless each of the following additional conditions is satisfied: (i) a registration statement
is and remains effective for the resale of securities in connection with the Equity Line Agreement; (ii) each of the Company representations
and warranties set forth in the Equity Line Agreement is true and correct (subject to qualifications as to materiality set forth therein)
as of such time; (iii) the Company shall have complied with its obligations in all material respects; (iv) no statute, rule, regulation,
executive order, decree, ruling, or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated, or adopted by any court or governmental
authority that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated by the Equity Line Agreement,
and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of the transactions
contemplated by the Equity Line Agreement; (v) since the date of filing of the Companys most recent annual report or quarterly
report filed pursuant to the Exchange Act, no event that had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect has occurred; (vi)
the trading of the Companys common stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC or the Principal Market, or otherwise halted
for any reason; (vii) the number of Purchase Notice Shares purchased by Investor is limited to the beneficial ownership limitation, which
is 4.99% of outstanding shares, or up to 9.99% with 61 days notice; (viii) the Company shall be free from any stock promotion
flag; (ix) the Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect of causing the effectiveness of the
registration statement to be suspended or any prospectus or prospectus supplement failing to meet the requirement of Sections 5(b) or
10 of the Securities Act; (x) the issuance of the Purchase Notice Shares shall not violate the shareholder approval requirements of the
Principal Market; (xi) the Companys common Stock must be DWAC Eligible and not subject to a DTC chill; (xii) all
reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been filed by us with the SEC pursuant
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934 shall have been filed with the SEC within the applicable time periods prescribed
for such filings; (xiii) the Exchange Cap has not been reached; (xiv) the irrevocable transfer agent instructions shall have been delivered
by the Company to, and acknowledged in writing by, the transfer agent of the Company; and (xv) certain other conditions as set forth in
the Equity Line Agreement.

In consideration of the
Investors execution and delivery of the Equity Line Agreement, the Company shall cause the Transfer Agent to issue common stock
equal to $1,000,000 divided by the closing price of the Companys Common stock on the earlier of (i) the Business Day prior to the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement and (ii) the Business Day prior to the date that the Investor delivers a written request to
the Company for the Commitment Shares (provided that such request cannot be within 180 days following the BCA Closing). For
the avoidance of doubt, all of the Commitment Shares shall only be fully earned upon a successful BCA Closing with VCI Biofuels Group
and the issuance of the Commitment Shares is contingent upon the BCA Closing with VCI Biofuels Group.

2

Additional Information and Where to Find It

The Merger Agreement (as
defined in the Merger Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2025, by and among the Company and Target Group (defined below)) will be
submitted to shareholders of International Media Acquisition Corp. (IMAQ) for their consideration and approval.
Purchaser and VCI Holdings Limited (Target Company) intend to jointly file a registration statement (the
Registration Statement) with the SEC which will include preliminary and definitive proxy statements to be distributed
to IMAQs shareholders in connection with IMAQs solicitation for proxies for the vote by IMAQs shareholders in
connection with the Merger Agreement and other matters as described in the Registration Statement, as well as a prospectus relating
to the offer of the securities to be issued to Target Company and Vietnam Biofuels Development Joint Stock Company
(VNB together with Target Company, the Target Group)s shareholders in connection with the
completion of the Merger Agreement. After the Registration Statement is filed and declared effective, IMAQ will mail a definitive
proxy statement and other relevant documents to its shareholders as of the record date established for voting on the Merger
Agreement. IMAQs shareholders and other interested persons are advised to read, once available, the preliminary proxy
statement/prospectus and any amendments thereto and, once available, the definitive proxy statement/prospectus, in connection with
IMAQs solicitation of proxies for its special meeting of shareholders to be held to approve, among other things, the Merger
Agreement, because these documents will contain important information about IMAQ, Target Group and the Merger Agreement.
Shareholders may also obtain a copy of the preliminary and definitive proxy statements and the prospectus, once available, as well
as other documents filed with the SEC regarding the Merger Agreement and other documents filed with the SEC by IMAQ, without charge,
at the SECs website located at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to IMAQ.

Important Information for Investors and Stockholders

This document does not constitute
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be
any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.

Forward Looking Statements

Certain statements included
in this Current Report on Form 8-K are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally are
accompanied by words such as believe, may, will, estimate, continue,
anticipate, intend, expect, should, would, plan, future,
outlook, and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical
matters, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements regarding estimates and forecasts of other performance metrics and projections of market opportunity.
These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this Current Report on Form 8-K and on the current expectations
of IMAQs and the Target Companys respective management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking
statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as,
a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult
or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of IMAQ and the
Target Company. Some important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in any forward-looking statements
could include changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions.

Any forward-looking statements
are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve, and must not be relied on by any investor, as a guarantee,
an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible
to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of IMAQ and the Target Group.
These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, the inability of the parties to successfully
or timely consummate the transaction, including the risk that any regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to
unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect IMAQ, the Target Group or the combined company or the expected benefits of the transaction;
the failure to obtain approval of the shareholders of IMAQ or the Target Group; the failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the
proposed transaction; matters discovered by the parties as they complete their respective due diligence investigation of the other party;
costs related to the proposed transactions; IMAQs failure to satisfy the conditions to the consummation the proposed transactions,
including the approval of the Merger Agreement, the Additional Agreements (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and the other transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby by the stockholders of IMAQ, the risk that the proposed transactions may not be completed by the stated
deadlines and the potential failure to obtain an extension of the stated deadlines; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted
against IMAQ or the Target Company related to the proposed transactions; the attraction and retention of qualified directors, officers,
employees and key personnel following the proposed transactions, combined companys ability following the proposed transactions
to compete effectively in a highly competitive market; the ability to protect and enhance the Target Companys corporate reputation
and brand; the impact from future regulatory, judicial, and legislative changes in the Target Companys industry; the uncertain
effects of any pandemics; the risk of downturns and the possibility of rapid change in the highly competitive industries in which the
Target Group operates or the markets that the Target Group targets; future financial performance of IMAQ following the transaction; the
ability of the Target Group to forecast and maintain an adequate rate of revenue growth and appropriately plan its expenses; the risk
that the transaction disrupts current plans and operations of the Target Group as a result of the announcement and consummation of the
transaction; the possibility that the Target Group may be adversely affected by other economic, business, regulatory, and/or competitive
factors; the evolution of the markets in which the Target Group competes, including technological changes and other trends affecting the
biofuel industry; the ability of the Target Group to implement its existing strategic initiatives and continue to innovate; the risk that
the Target Group may not be able to execute its growth strategy and the timing of expected business milestones; and the risk of declines
or disruptions in the Vietnamese economy. The foregoing list of risks is not exhaustive.

3

If any of these risks materialize
or our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements.
There may be additional risks that IMAQ and the Target Company do not presently know, or that IMAQ and the Target Company currently believe
are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking
statements reflect IMAQs and the Target Companys current expectations, plans and forecasts of future events and views as
of the date hereof. Nothing in this Current Report on Form 8-K and the exhibits hereto should be regarded as a representation by any person
that the forward-looking statements set forth herein will be achieved or that any of the contemplated results of such forward-looking
statements will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K and
the exhibits hereto, which speak only as of the date they are made and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the cautionary
statements herein and the risk factors of IMAQ and the Target Company described above. IMAQ and the Target Company anticipate that subsequent
events and developments will cause their assessments to change. However, while IMAQ and the Target Company may elect to update these forward-looking
statements at some point in the future, they each specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, except as required by law.

Participants in the Solicitation

IMAQ and the Target Group
and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from IMAQs
stockholders in connection with the proposed Merger Agreement. A list of the names of the directors and executive officers of IMAQ and
information regarding their interests in the Business Combination will be contained in the proxy statement/prospectus when available.
You may obtain free copies of these documents as described in the second paragraph under the above section entitled Important Information
for Investors and Stockholders.

IMAQ and the Target Group,
and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of management and employees may, under SEC rules, be deemed to be
participants in the solicitations of proxies from IMAQs shareholders in connection with the proposed Transaction. Information regarding
the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of IMAQS shareholders in connection with the proposed
Transaction will be set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Transaction. You can find
more information about IMAQs directors and executive officers in IMAQs definitive proxy statement related to its Annual
General Meeting dated December 9, 2024 and IMAQs Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 14, 2025. Additional information regarding
the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests will be included in the proxy statement/prospectus
when it becomes available. Shareholders, potential investors and other interested persons should read the proxy statement/prospectus carefully
when it becomes available before making any voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents as described
in the section entitled Additional Information and Where to Find It.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(c) Exhibits:

Exhibit No. Description

10.1* Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated April 20, 2025, by and among International Media Acquisition Corp. and White Lion Capital LLC.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Certain exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been
omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). International Media Acquisition Corp. agrees to furnish supplementally a copy
of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request.

4

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: April 22, 2025 

INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Yu-Fang Chiu 

Name: Yu-Fang Chiu 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023910001ex10-1_inter.htm
<DESCRIPTION>COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED APRIL 20, 2025, BY AND AMONG INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. AND WHITE LION CAPITAL LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Common Stock Purchase
Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into effective as April 20, 2025 (the Execution Date),
by and between International Media Acquisition Corp., a Delaware company (the Company), and White Lion
Capital, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (the Investor).

WHEREAS,
in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by a business combination agreement (the BCA
Closing), the Company will form International Media Mini Acquisition Corp. (Purchaser),
a British Virgin Islands business company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, to be formed for the sole purpose of the merger
of Company with and into Purchaser (the Redomestication Merger), in which Purchaser will be the surviving entity;

WHEREAS, upon Purchasers
formation, the Company shall assign this Agreement to the Purchaser and Purchaser shall be deemed to be the Company as if it were the
original signatory hereto;

WHEREAS,
following the BCA Closing, the Company shall continue to have its common stock (the Common Stock) registered
under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act;

WHEREAS, the parties
desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Investor shall purchase, from time to time, as provided
herein, and the Company shall issue and sell up to Three Hundred Million Dollars ($300,000,000) with an option to increase to Five Hundred
Million Dollars ($500,000,000) of the Common Stock (as defined below);

WHEREAS, such sales
of Common Stock by the Company to the Investor will be made in reliance upon the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act (Section 4(a)(2)) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D (Regulation D) promulgated
thereunder, and upon such other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect to
any or all of the issuances and sales of Common Stock by the Company to the Investor to be made hereunder;

WHEREAS, the parties
will enter into the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined below), pursuant to which the Company shall register the resale of the Registrable
Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein; and

WHEREAS, in consideration
for the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall issue to the Investor the Commitment Shares (as defined
herein), pursuant to and in accordance with Section 6.4;

NOW, THEREFORE, the
parties hereto agree as follows:

Article
I

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 DEFINED
TERMS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified
or indicated (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

Agreement
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereof.

Average Daily
Trading Volume shall mean the median (1)
daily trading volume of the Companys Common Stock over the most recent five (5) Business Days immediately preceding the date
of delivery of a Purchase Notice.

Bankruptcy Law
means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.2(g).

Business Day
shall mean a day on which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

Claim Notice
shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).

Clearing Costs
shall mean the Investors broker and Transfer Agent costs with respect to each deposit of Securities.

Closing
shall mean the closing of a purchase and sale of shares of Common Stock as described in Section 2.1.

Commitment Amount
shall mean Five Hundred Million Dollars ($500,000,000).

Commitment Period
shall mean the period commencing on the first trading day following the BCA Closing and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on
which the Investor shall have purchased an aggregate number of Purchase Notice Shares pursuant to this Agreement equal to the Commitment
Amount or (ii) 36 months following the first trading day upon the BCA Closing with an option to increase to 60 months at the Companys
sole discretion following $100,000,000 in gross Investment by Investor

Commitment Shares
Determination Date means the earlier of (i) the Business Day prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or
(ii) the Business Day prior to the date that the Investor delivers a written request to the Company for the Commitment Shares provided
that Investor may not send a written request prior to 180 days following the BCA Closing.

Commitment Shares
shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.4.

Common Stock
shall mean the Companys common stock, and any shares of any other class of common stock, whether now or hereafter authorized, having
the right to participate in the distribution of dividends (as and when declared) and assets (upon liquidation of the Company).

Common Stock
Equivalents means any securities of the Company entitling the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant, or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Current Report
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.

Custodian
means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator, or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

2

Damages
shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability, cost, and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and
disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and investigation).

Designated Brokerage
Account shall mean the brokerage account provided by the Investor for the delivery of the applicable Securities.

Disclosure Schedules
means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Document Preparation
Fee Waived

DTC/FAST Program
shall mean the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

DTC
shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing substantially the same function for the Company.

DWAC Eligible
shall mean that (a) the Common Stock are eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs Operational Arrangements, including,
without limitation, transfer through DTCs DWAC system, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the DTCs
underwriting department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Securities are otherwise
eligible for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery of the Securities,
as applicable, via DWAC.

DWAC Shares
means shares of Common Stock that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without restriction
on resale, and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investors or its designees specified DWAC account with DTC
under the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

DWAC
shall mean Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian as defined by the DTC.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Cap
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(c).

Execution Date
shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

Indemnified Party
shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.1.

Indemnifying
Party shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.1.

Indemnity Notice
shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(b).

Investment Amount
shall mean the gross price of the Purchase Notice Shares, less Clearing Costs.

Investment Limit
shall mean $5,000,000, subject to increase at the sole discretion of the Investor.

Investor
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

3

Irrevocable Transfer
Agent Instructions shall mean a signed form of irrevocable transfer agent instructions, substantially in the form of Exhibit
D attached hereto, instructing the Transfer Agent to immediately deliver any Purchase Notice Shares to the Investor upon the Transfer
Agents receipt of the copy of a Purchase Notice from the Company, without further instruction from the Company.

Lien
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right, or other restriction.

Material Adverse
Effect shall mean any effect on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company that is material
and adverse to the Company and/or any condition, circumstance, or situation that would prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with
the ability of the Company to enter into and perform its obligations under any Transaction Document.

OTC Blackout
shall mean any calendar day that the Common Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange that is registered with the SEC under
Section 6 of the Exchange Act (such as NASDAQ and NYSE), and the Principal Market is an over-the-counter market.

PEA Period
shall mean the period commencing at 9:30 a.m., New York City time, on the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately prior to the filing
of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or any new registration statement, or any annual and quarterly report, and
ending at 9:30 a.m., New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following (i) the effective date of such post-effective
amendment of the Registration Statement or such new registration statement, or (ii) the date of filing of such annual and quarterly
report, as applicable.

Person
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government
or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Principal Market
shall mean any of the national exchanges (i.e. NYSE, AMEX, Nasdaq) or other principal exchange or recognized quotation system which is
at the time the principal trading platform or market for the Common Stock.

Purchase Notice
Shares shall mean all shares of Common Stock that the Company shall be entitled to issue as set forth in all applicable
Purchase Notices in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Purchase Notice
shall mean a written notice from Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (a Rapid Purchase
Notice Form) or Exhibit B attached hereto (a Regular Purchase Notice Form), to
the Investor and the Transfer Agent setting forth the Purchase Notice Shares which the Company requires the Investor to purchase pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement.

Purchase
shall mean a purchase of Purchase Notice Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Rapid Closing
Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.2(b).

Rapid Purchase
Investment Amount shall mean the applicable Purchase Notice Shares referenced in the Rapid Purchase Notice multiplied by
the applicable Rapid Purchase Price.

Rapid Purchase
Notice Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.2(a).

4

Rapid Purchase
Notice Limit shall mean, for any Rapid Purchase Notice, the Investors committed obligation under each Purchase Notice
shall not exceed the Investment Limit, and the maximum amount of Purchase Notice Shares the Company may require the Investor to purchase
per each Rapid Purchase Notice shall be the Investment Limit divided by the highest closing price of the Common Stock over the most recent
five (5) Business Days immediately preceding receipt of the subject Purchase Notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investor
may waive the Rapid Purchase Notice Limit at any time to allow the Investor to purchase additional shares under a Rapid Purchase Notice.

Rapid Purchase
Notice shall mean the closing of a purchase and sale of Common Stock pursuant to a Rapid Purchase Notice as described in
Section 2.2.

Rapid Purchase
Price shall mean 98% multiplied by the Lowest Traded Price of Common Stock 1 hour following the confirmation of the receipt
of the applicable Rapid Purchase Notice by Investor.

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement to be entered into by and among the Company and the Investor,
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.

Registration
Statement shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.3.

Regular Purchase
Closing Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.2(d).

Regular Purchase
Investment Amount shall mean the applicable Purchase Notice Shares referenced in the Regular Purchase Notice multiplied
by the Regular Purchase Price.

Regular Purchase
Limit shall mean, for any Regular Purchase Notice, the Investors committed obligation under each Purchase Notice
shall not exceed the Investment Limit, and the maximum amount of Purchase Notice Shares the Company may require the Investor to purchase
per each Regular Purchase Notice shall be the lesser of: (i) 40% of the previous 5-days Average Daily Trading Volume immediately
preceding receipt of the Purchase Notice or (ii) the Investment Limit divided by the highest closing price of the Common Stock over
the most recent five (5) Business Days immediately preceding receipt of the subject Purchase Notice. Notwithstanding the forgoing,
the Investor may waive the Regular Purchase Limit at any time to allow the Investor to purchase additional shares under a Regular Purchase
Notice.

Regular Purchase
Notice Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.2(c).

Regular Purchase
Notice shall mean the closing of a purchase and sale of Common Stock pursuant to a Regular Purchase Notice, as described
in Section 2.2.

Regular Purchase
Price shall mean the lower of (i) the closing price of Common Stock prior to the receipt of the applicable Regular Purchase
Notice ( Exhibit B) or (ii) the product of (a) the lowest daily VWAP of the Common Stock during the Regular Purchase Valuation Period
and (b) ninety-eight percent (98%).

Regular Purchase
Valuation Period shall mean the two (2) consecutive Business Days commencing on and including the Regular Purchase Notice
Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Regular Purchase Notice Date shall be the first Business Day in the Regular Purchase Valuation Period.

Regulation D
shall mean Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 144
shall mean Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act.

5

SEC Documents
shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.5.

SEC
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Securities
mean (i) the Purchase Notice Shares issued to the Investor by the Company pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) the Commitment Shares.

Subsidiary
means any Person the Company wholly-owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the voting stock
or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the
Securities Act.

Termination
shall mean any termination outlined in Section 10.5.

Transaction Documents
shall mean this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, and all schedules and exhibits hereto and thereto.

Transfer Agent
shall mean the transfer agent of the Company as of the Execution Date and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market (or, if the
Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market
on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time,
as reported by E*TRADE Securities LLC graph study function or Bloomberg through its VWAP function (set to 09:30:01 start
time and 15:59:59 end time) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter
market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00
p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg
for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security
as reported in the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. (formerly Pink Sheets LLC). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for
such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually
determined by the Company and the Investor. If the Company and the Investor are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security,
then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 10.16. All such determinations shall be appropriately
adjusted for any share dividend, share split, share combination, recapitalization, or other similar transaction during such period.

Article
II

PURCHASE AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK

Section 2.1 PURCHASE
NOTICES. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (including, without limitation, the
provisions of Article VII), the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to require the Investor, by its delivery
to the Investor of a Purchase Notice, from time to time, with a copy to the Transfer Agent, to purchase the Purchase Notice Shares provided
that the amount of Purchase Notice Shares shall not exceed the applicable purchase notice limit (i.e. the Regular Purchase Limit or the
Rapid Purchase Notice Limit) or the Beneficial Ownership Limitation set forth in Section 7.2(g), (each such purchase, a Closing).
The Company may not deliver a subsequent Purchase Notice until the Closing of an active Purchase Notice, except if waived by the Investor
in writing. Furthermore, the Company shall not deliver any Purchase Notices to the Investor during the PEA Period.

6

Section
2.2 MECHANICS.

(a)
RAPID PURCHASE NOTICE. At any time and from time to time during the Commitment Period,
except during an OTC Blackout or a PEA Period, and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Company may deliver a Rapid Purchase
Notice to Investor, subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article VII and otherwise provided herein. The
Company shall provide the Transfer Agent with a copy of such Rapid Purchase Notice concurrently with its delivery to the Investor. The
Company shall deliver the Purchase Notice Shares as DWAC Shares to the Designated Brokerage Account alongside the delivery of the Rapid
Purchase Notice. A Rapid Purchase Notice shall be deemed delivered on the Business Day a Rapid Purchase Notice Form is received and accepted
by email by the Investor (the Rapid Purchase Notice Date). If the applicable Rapid Purchase Notice Form is
received after 11:00 a.m. Pacific time or the DWAC of the applicable Purchase Notice Shares has not been completed as confirmed by the
Investors Designated Brokerage Account by 11:00 a.m. Pacific time, then the next Business Day shall be the Rapid Purchase Notice
Date, unless waived by the Investor in writing. Each party shall use its best efforts to perform or fulfill all conditions and obligations
to be performed or fulfilled by it under this Agreement so that the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consummated as soon as
practicable. Each party also agrees that it shall use its best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause
to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective Section 2.2(a)
of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein.

(b)
RAPID PURCHASE CLOSING. The Closing of a Rapid Purchase Notice shall occur
one (1) Business Day following the Rapid Purchase Notice Date (the Rapid Closing Date), whereby the
Investor shall deliver to the Company by 2:00 p.m. Pacific time on the Rapid Closing Date the Rapid Purchase Investment Amount in
lawful money of the United States of America by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the
Company, provided that the Investor has received the applicable Purchase Notice Shares as DWAC Shares. The Company shall not issue
any fraction of a Common Stock pursuant to any Rapid Purchase Notice. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of
a Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a Common Stock up to the nearest whole Common Stock.

(c)
REGULAR PURCHASE NOTICE. At any time and from time to time during the Commitment Period,
except during an OTC Blackout or a PEA Period and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Company may deliver a Regular Purchase
Notice to Investor, subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article VII and otherwise provided herein. The
Company shall provide the Transfer Agent with a copy of such Regular Purchase Notice concurrently with its delivery to the Investor.
The Company shall deliver the Purchase Notice Shares as DWAC Shares to the Designated Brokerage Account alongside the delivery of the
Regular Purchase Notice. A Regular Purchase Notice shall be deemed delivered on the Business Day (i) a Regular Purchase Notice Form
is received and confirmed by 6:00 a.m. Pacific time by email by the Investor and (ii) the DWAC of the applicable Purchase Notice
Shares has been initiated and completed as confirmed by the Investors Designated Brokerage Account by 6:00 a.m. Pacific time (the
Regular Purchase Notice Date). If the applicable Regular Purchase Notice Form is received after 6:00 a.m.
Pacific time or the DWAC of the applicable Purchase Notice Shares has not been completed as confirmed by the Investors Designated
Brokerage Account by 6:00 a.m. Pacific time, then the next Business Day shall be the Regular Purchase Notice Date, unless waived by the
Investor in writing. Each party shall use its best efforts to perform or fulfill all conditions and obligations to be performed or fulfilled
by it under this Agreement so that the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consummated as soon as practicable. Each party also
agrees that it shall use its best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary,
proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective Section 2.2(c) of this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated herein.

7

(d) PURCHASE
NOTICE CLOSING. The Closing of a Regular Purchase Notice shall occur within one
(1) Business Day following the Regular Purchase Valuation Period (the Regular Purchase Closing
Date); whereby the Investor shall deliver by 2:00 p.m. Pacific time to the Company the Regular Purchase Investment
Amount in lawful money of the United States of America by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by
the Company, provided that the Investor has received the applicable Purchase Notice Shares as DWAC Shares. The Company shall not
issue any fraction of a Common Stock pursuant to any Regular Purchase Notice. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a
fraction of a Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a Common Stock up to the nearest whole Common Stock.

Article
III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR

The Investor represents and
warrants to the Company that prior to the Execution Date:

Section 3.1INTENT.
The Investor is entering into this Agreement and purchasing the Securities for its own account, and not as nominee or agent, for investment
purposes and not with a view towards, or for a sale in connection with, a distribution (as such term is defined in the
Securities Act), and the Investor has no present arrangement (whether or not legally binding) at any time to sell the Securities to or
through any Person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws; provided, however, that
the Investor reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with federal and state securities laws applicable
to such disposition.

Section 3.2 NO LEGAL
ADVICE FROM THE COMPANY. The Investor acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. The Investor
is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives
or agents for legal, tax, or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
securities laws of any jurisdiction.

Section 3.3 ACCREDITED
INVESTOR. The Investor is an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(3)
of Regulation D), and the Investor has such experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of an investment in the Securities. The Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative and
involves a high degree of risk. The Investor represents that it is able to bear any loss associated with an investment in the
Company.

Section 3.4AUTHORITY.
The Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by it
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action and no further consent or authorization
of the Investor is required. The Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Investor, and when delivered
by the Investor in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Investor enforceable against
it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the
enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section 3.5NOT
AN AFFILIATE. The Investor is not an officer, director, or affiliate (as that term
is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) of the Company.

8

Section
3.6ORGANIZATION AND STANDING. The
Investor is an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada with full
right and limited liability company power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents.

Section 3.7 ABSENCE OF
CONFLICTS. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the requirements hereof and thereof, will not (a) violate any law,
rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Investor, (b) violate any provision of any indenture,
instrument or agreement to which the Investor is a party or is subject, or by which the Investor or any of its assets is bound, or conflict
with or constitute a material default thereunder, (c) result in the creation or imposition of any lien pursuant to the terms of
any such indenture, instrument or agreement, or constitute a breach of any fiduciary duty owed by the Investor to any third party, or
(d) require the approval of any third-party (that has not been obtained) pursuant to any material contract, instrument, agreement,
relationship or legal obligation to which the Investor is subject or to which any of its assets, operations or management may be subject.

Section 3.8DISCLOSURE; ACCESS TO INFORMATION. The Investor had an opportunity to review copies of
the SEC Documents filed on behalf of the Company and has had access to all publicly available information with respect to the Company.

Section 3.9 MANNER OF
SALE. At no time was the Investor presented with or solicited by or through any leaflet, public
promotional meeting, television advertisement, or any other form of general solicitation or advertising.

Article
IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except as set forth in the
SEC Documents and the Disclosure Schedules, which SEC Documents and Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify
any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules,
the Company represents and warrants the following to the Investor, as of the Execution Date:

Section 4.1ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY. The Company is an entity that will be duly incorporated or
otherwise organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with
the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Company
is not in violation or default of any of the provisions of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws, or other organizational or charter
documents. The Company is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in
which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be
so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect
and no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail
such power and authority or qualification. The Company structure will be as disclosed in the SEC Documents.

Section 4.2AUTHORITY.
The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents.
The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its
Board of Directors or stockholders is required. The Transaction Documents have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes
a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors
rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

9

Section 4.3CAPITALIZATION.
Intentionally Omitted

Section 4.4LISTING AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS. Intentionally Omitted

Section 4.5SEC
DOCUMENTS; DISCLOSURE. The Company and/or its affiliates will file (a) a Registration Statement
on Form F-4, and (b) all other reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company or its affiliates
under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) thereof, for the one (1) year preceding the Execution
Date (or such shorter period as the Company or its Subsidiaries were required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the
SEC Documents).(2) In the 12 months prior to the Execution Date, as of their respective dates, the SEC Documents
complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal
laws, rules and regulations applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. In the 12 months prior to the Execution Date, the financial
statements of the Company and its affiliates included in the SEC Documents comply as to form and substance in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC or other applicable rules and regulations with
respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on
a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (a) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes
thereto or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or
summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and/or the Subsidiaries as of the
dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments). Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Investor
or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The
Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company.

Section 4.6VALID
ISSUANCES. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with
the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed
by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.

Section 4.7NO
CONFLICTS. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company
and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance
of the Purchase Notice Shares, do not and will not: (a) result in a material violation of the Companys certificate or
articles of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational or charter documents, (b) conflict with, or constitute a material default (or an event that with notice
or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets
of the Company, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, instrument
or any lock-up or similar provision of any underwriting or similar agreement to which the Company is a party, or
(c) result in a violation of any federal, state or local law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and
state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected
(except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect) nor is the Company otherwise in violation of, conflict with or in default under any
of the foregoing. The business of the Company is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
entity, except for possible violations that either singly or in the aggregate do not and will not have a Material Adverse Effect. The
Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make
any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations
under the Transaction Documents (other than (i) any SEC or state securities filings that may be required to be made by the Company in
connection with the issuance of Purchase Notice Shares or subsequent to any Closing or any registration statement that may be filed pursuant
hereto, or (ii) the filing of a Listing of Additional Shares Notification Form with the Principal Market,
which, in each case, have been made or will be made in a timely manner); provided that, for purposes of the representation made in this
sentence, the Company is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and agreements of Investor herein.

10

Section 4.8NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT. No event has occurred that would have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company or its Subsidiaries that has not been disclosed in subsequent SEC Documents.

Section 4.9 LITIGATION
AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents and the Disclosure Schedule, there
are no material actions, suits, investigations, inquiries (including, without limitation, SEC inquiries, or FINRA inquiries) or similar
proceedings (however any governmental agency may name them) pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting
the Company or its properties, nor has the Company received any written or oral notice of any such action, suit, proceeding, inquiry
or investigation, which would have a Material Adverse Effect. No judgment, order, writ, injunction, or decree or award has been issued
by or, to the knowledge of the Company, requested of any court, arbitrator or governmental agency which would have a Material Adverse
Effect. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving
the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company.

Section 4.10REGISTRATION
RIGHTS. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents and the Disclosure Schedule, no Person (other
than the Investor) has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company.

Section 4.11 ACKNOWLEDGMENT
REGARDING INVESTORS PURCHASE OF SECURITIES. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the
Investor is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby and that the Investor is not (i) an officer or director of the Company, or (ii) an affiliate
(as defined in Rule 144) of the Company. The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary
of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby,
and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to the Investors purchase of the Purchase Notice Shares. The Company further
acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a dealer of the Companys Common Stock(or any other securities of the Company).
The Company further represents to the Investor that the Companys decision to enter into the Transaction Documents has been based
solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives.

Section 4.12 NO GENERAL
SOLICITATION. Neither the Company, nor any Person acting on its behalf, has engaged in any form
of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities act) in connection with the offer
or sale of the Securities. 

11

Section 4.13NO
INTEGRATED OFFERING. Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule, none of the Company, its affiliates,
and any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to
buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings for purposes
of any applicable stockholder approval provisions, including, without limitation, under the rules and regulations of any exchange or
automated quotation system on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated, but excluding stockholder consents
required to authorize and issue the Securities or waive any anti-dilution provisions in connection therewith.

Section 4.14PLACEMENT
AGENT; OTHER COVERED PERSONS. The Company is not aware of any other Person that has been or will
be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of the Investor in connection with the sale of any Regulation D Securities.

Article
V

COVENANTS OF INVESTOR

Section 5.1SHORT
SALES AND CONFIDENTIALITY. Neither the Investor, nor any affiliate of the Investor acting on its
behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it, will execute any Short Sales during the period from the Execution Date to the end of
the Commitment Period. For the purposes hereof, and in accordance with Regulation SHO, the sale of Common Stock purchased under the applicable
Purchase Notice after delivery of the Purchase Notice shall not be deemed a Short Sale. The parties acknowledge and agree that during
the Rapid Purchase Notice Date and Regular Purchase Valuation Period, the Investor may contract for, or otherwise effect, the resale
of the subject purchased Purchase Notice Shares to third parties. The Investor shall, until such time as the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents are publicly disclosed by the Company in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, maintain
the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents. Short
Sales shall mean short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act.

Section 5.2COMPLIANCE
WITH LAW; TRADING IN SECURITIES. The Investors trading activities with respect to shares
of Common Stock will be in compliance with all applicable state and federal securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations
of FINRA and the Principal Market.

Article
VI

COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

Section 6.1LISTING
OF COMMON STOCK. Following the BCA Closing, the Company shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to maintain, so long as any shares of Common Stock shall be so listed, the listing, if required, of all such Common Stock on
the Principal Market from time to-time issuable hereunder. Following the BCA Closing, the Company shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to continue the listing or quotation and trading of the Common Stock on the Principal Market (including, without
limitation, maintaining sufficient net tangible assets, if required) and will comply in all respects with the Companys
reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Principal Market.

12

Section 6.2FILING OF CURRENT REPORT. The Company agrees that it shall file a Current Report on Form
8-K (or Form 6-K), including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act,
(a) relating to the execution of the transactions contemplated by, and describing the material terms and conditions of, the Transaction
Documents, and (b) disclosing any material, non-public information contained in the Disclosure Schedules (the Current Report).
The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report at least one
(1) Business Days prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such comments. The
Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report within one (1) Business
Day from the date the Investor receives it from the Company.

Section 6.3FILING
OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Company shall file with the SEC, within thirty (30) days after
the BCA Closing, a new Registration Statement on Form S-1 (or F-1) (the Registration Statement) in compliance
with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, covering only the resale of the Securities by the Investor. The Registration Statement
shall relate to the transactions contemplated by, and describing the material terms and conditions of, this Agreement and disclosing
all information relating to the transactions contemplated hereby required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement and the prospectus
supplement as of the date of the Registration Statement, including, without limitation, information required to be disclosed in the section
captioned Plan of Distribution in the Registration Statement. The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment
upon the Registration Statement within a reasonable time prior to their filing with the SEC, the Company shall give reasonable consideration
to all such comments, and the Company shall not file the Current Report or the Registration Statement with the SEC in a form to which
the Investor reasonably objects. The Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Companys securities
beneficially owned by the Investor and the intended method of distribution thereof, including any arrangement between the Investor and
any other person or relating to the sale or distribution of the Companys securities, as shall be reasonably requested by the Company
in connection with the preparation and filing of the Current Report and the Registration Statement, and shall otherwise cooperate with
the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of the Current Report and the Registration
Statement with the SEC. The Company shall have no knowledge of any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact
or omission (or alleged omission) of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in any pre-existing registration statement filed or any new registration
statement or prospectus which is a part of the foregoing. The Company shall promptly give the Investor notice of any event (including
the passage of time) which makes the final prospectus not to be in compliance with Section 5(b) or 10 of the Securities Act and shall
use its commercially reasonable efforts thereafter to file with the SEC any Post-Effective Amendment to the Registration Statement, amended
prospectus or prospectus supplement in order to comply with Section 5(b) or 10 of the Securities Act.

Section 6.4COMMITMENT
SHARES. In consideration for the Investors execution and delivery of, and agreement to perform
under this Agreement, the Company shall cause the Transfer Agent to issue Commitment Shares equal to $1,000,000 divided by the closing
price of the Common Stock on the Commitment Shares Determination Date (the Commitment Shares) to the Investor as a commitment
fee, subject and contingent upon the BCA Closing with VCI Biofuels Group (as defined in the SEC documents). For the avoidance of doubt,
all of the Commitment Shares shall only be fully earned upon a successful BCA Closing with VCI Biofuels Group and the issuance of the
Commitment Shares is contingent upon the BCA Closing with VCI Biofuels Group. The Company shall include on the Registration Statement
filed with the SEC, all Commitment Shares, provided that there is no Termination of this agreement. Upon gross investment of $300,000,000
and the Company execising its option to increase the commitment amount to $500,000,000, Company shall cause the Transfer Agent to issue
an additional amount of Common Stock equal to $250,000 divided by the closing price of the Common Stock on the Closing Date the option
is exercised.

13

Section 6.5 NON-PUBLIC
INFORMATION. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 6.2 and otherwise provided herein, the Company
covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide the Investor or its agents or counsel with
any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto
the Investor shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information
confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Investor without such
prior written consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Investor shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, or affiliates, not to trade on the basis
of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Investor shall remain subject to applicable law. The Company represents
that as of the Execution Date, except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transaction contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has previously provided the Investor or its agents or counsel with any
information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information. After the Execution Date,
to the extent that any notice or communication made by the Company, or information provided by the Company, to the Investor constitutes,
or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice
or other material information with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K (or Form 6-K). 

Section 6.6COMPENSATION
FOR BUY-IN ON FAILURE TO TIMELY DELIVER PURCHASE NOTICE SHARES. In addition to any other
rights available to the Investor, if the Company fails (except for any delays due to circumstances not in the Companys
control or any circumstances due to no fault of the Company) to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Investor the Purchase
Notice Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2 above pursuant to a Purchase Notice on or before a Regular
Purchase Closing Date or a Rapid Closing Date, as applicable, and if after such date the Investor is required by its
broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Investors brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Investor of the Purchase Notice Shares which the Investor anticipated receiving
upon such Purchase in accordance with the provisions of Section 2 above (a Buy-In), then the
Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Investor the amount, if any, by which (x) the Investors total purchase price (including
reasonable and documented brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Stock so purchased in the Buy-In exceeds (y) the amount
obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Purchase Notice Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Investor in
connection such Purchase times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Investor, either treat the Purchase as rescinded under this Agreement (which would result in no reduction in
the Commitment Amount as a result of such attempted Purchase) or deliver to the Investor the number of Purchase Notice Shares that
would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Investor
purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted Purchase with an
aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the
Company shall be required to pay the Investor $1,000. The Investor shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts
payable to the Investor in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit the Investors right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including,
without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely
deliver Purchase Notice as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

14

Article
VII

CONDITIONS
TO DELIVERY OF
PURCHASE NOTICE AND CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

Section 7.1CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY TO ISSUE AND SELL PURCHASE NOTICE SHARES. The right of the
Company to issue and sell the Purchase Notice Shares to the Investor is subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth
below:

(a)ACCURACY OF INVESTORS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations
and warranties of the Investor shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date
of each Closing as though made at each such time.

(b)PERFORMANCE BY INVESTOR. Investor shall have performed, satisfied, and complied
in all respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with
by the Investor at or prior to such Closing.

(c)PRINCIPAL MARKET REGULATION.The
Company shall not be required or permitted to issue, and the Investor shall not be required to purchase, any Ordinary Shares under this
Agreement if such issuance would violate the rules or regulations of the Principal Market. The Company may, in its sole discretion, determine
whether to obtain shareholder approval to issue more than 19.99% of its outstanding Ordinary Shares hereunder if such issuance would
require shareholder approval under the rules or regulations of the Principal Market. The Exchange Cap shall be reduced, on a share-for-share
basis, by the number of Ordinary Shares issued or issuable that may be aggregated with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
under applicable rules of the Principal Market.

Section 7.3CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATION OF INVESTOR TO PURCHASE THE PURCHASE NOTICE SHARES. The obligation
of the Investor hereunder to purchase the Purchase Notice Shares is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions:

(a)EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Registration Statement, and any amendment
or supplement thereto, shall have been declared effective and shall remain effective for the resale of the Securities, the Company
shall not have received notice that the SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop order with respect to such Registration Statement or
that the SEC otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of such Registration Statement, either temporarily or permanently,
or intends or has threatened to do so, and no other suspension of the use of, or withdrawal of the effectiveness of, such Registration
Statement or related prospectus shall exist. The Investor shall not have received any notice from the Company that the prospectus and/or
any prospectus supplement or amendment thereto fails to meet the requirements of Section 5(b) or Section 10 of the Securities Act.

(b)ACCURACY OF THE COMPANYS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations
and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date
of each Closing (except for representations and warranties specifically made as of a particular date).

15

(c)PERFORMANCE BY THE COMPANY. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied
in all material respects with all covenants, agreements, and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied, or complied
with by the Company.

(d)NO INJUNCTION. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling,
or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated, or adopted by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction
that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and no
proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(e)ADVERSE CHANGES. Since the date of filing of the Companys most recent annual
report or quarterly report filed pursuant to the Exchange Act, no event that had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect
has occurred.

(f)NO SUSPENSION OF TRADING IN OR DELISTING OF COMMON STOCK. The trading of the Common
Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC or the Principal Market, or otherwise halted for any reason, and the Common Stock shall
have been approved for listing or quotation on and shall not have been delisted from or no longer quoted on the Principal Market. In
the event of a suspension, delisting, or halting for any reason, of the trading of the Common Stock during an active Purchase Notice,
as contemplated by this Section 7.2(f), the Investor shall purchase the Purchase Notice Shares in the respective Purchase
Notice at a value equal to $0.01 per share of Common Stock.

(g)BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP LIMITATION. The number of Purchase Notice Shares then to
be purchased by the Investor shall not exceed the number of such shares that, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then
owned by the Investor beneficially or deemed beneficially owned by the Investor, would result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below), as determined in accordance with Section 13 of the Exchange Act. For purposes of this Section 7.2(g),
in the event that the amount of Common Stock outstanding is greater or lesser on a date of a Closing (a Closing Date)
than on the date upon which the Purchase Notice associated with such Closing Date is given, the amount of Common Stock outstanding on
such issuance of a Purchase Notice shall govern for purposes of determining whether the Investor, when aggregating all purchases of Common
Stock made pursuant to this Agreement, would own more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation following a purchase on any such Closing
Date. In the event the Investor claims that compliance with a Purchase Notice would result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, upon request of the Company the Investor will provide the Company with evidence of the Investors then existing
shares beneficially or deemed beneficially owned. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the
number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to a Purchase
Notice, provided that, the Investor may increase the Beneficial Ownership Limitation up to 9.99% at its sole discretion upon sixty-one
(61) days prior written notice to the Company. To the extent that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation is exceeded, the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable to the Investor shall be reduced so it does not exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

(h)STOCK PROMOTION. The Company shall be free from any stock promotion
flag.

16

(i)NO KNOWLEDGE. The Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than
not to have the effect of causing the effectiveness of the Registration Statement to be suspended or any prospectus or prospectus supplement
failing to meet the requirement of Sections 5(b) or 10 of the Securities Act (which event is more likely than not to occur within the
fifteen (15) Business Days following the Business Day on which such Purchase Notice is deemed delivered).

(j)NO VIOLATION OF SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL REQUIREMENT. The issuance of the Purchase
Notice Shares shall not violate the shareholder approval requirements of the Principal Market.

(k)DWAC ELIGIBLE. The Common Stock must be DWAC Eligible and not subject to a DTC
chill.

(l)SEC DOCUMENTS. All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information
and other documents required to have been filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act after the Execution Date (the Future SEC Documents) (1) shall have been filed with the SEC within
the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under the Exchange Act, and (2) as of their respective dates, such Future SEC
Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other
federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to such Future SEC Documents, and none of such Future SEC Documents contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(m)EXCHANGE CAP. The Exchange Cap has not been reached (to the extent the Exchange
Cap is applicable pursuant to Section 7.1(d) hereof).

(n)IRREVOCABLE TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS. The
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions shall have been delivered by the Company to, and acknowledged in writing (email being sufficient)
by, the Transfer Agent (or any successor transfer agent).

Article
VIII

LEGENDS

Section 8.1 NO RESTRICTIVE
STOCK LEGEND. No restrictive stock legend shall be placed on the share certificates representing
the Purchase Notice Shares.

Section 8.2INVESTORS
COMPLIANCE. Nothing in this Article VIII shall affect in any way the Investors
obligations hereunder to comply with all applicable securities laws upon the sale of the Common Stock.

17

Article
IX

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 9.1 INDEMNIFICATION.
Each party (an Indemnifying Party) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other party along with its officers,
directors, employees, and authorized agents, and each Person or entity, if any, who controls such party within the meaning of Section
15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (an Indemnified Party) from and against any Damages,
and any action in respect thereof to which the Indemnified Party becomes subject to, resulting from, arising out of this Agreement or
relating to (i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any covenant or agreement on
the part of the Indemnifying Party contained in this Agreement, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereof or prospectus or prospectus supplement, or the omission
or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
(iii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus or contained in
the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the
omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, or (iv) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any rule or regulation under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities
law, as such Damages are incurred, except to the extent such Damages result primarily from the Indemnified Partys failure to perform
any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or the Indemnified Partys, recklessness or willful misconduct in performing
its obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any
Damages of an Indemnified Party to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement or omission or alleged omission made by an Indemnifying Party in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished
to the Indemnifying Party by the Indemnified Party expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any post-effective amendment thereof,
prospectus, prospectus supplement thereto, or any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus (as amended or supplemented); and provided
further that in no event shall any indemnity by the Investor under this Section 9.1 exceed the aggregate Regular Purchase Investment
Amount and Rapid Purchase Investment Amount paid by the Investor under this Agreement, except in the case of fraud or willful misconduct
by the Investor.

Section 9.2INDEMNIFICATION
PROCEDURE.

(a)A party that seeks indemnification under must promptly give the other party notice of any legal action; however, a delay in notice
does not relieve an Indemnifying Party of any liability to any Indemnified Party, except to the extent the Indemnifying Party shows that
the delay prejudiced the defense of the action.

(b)The Indemnifying Party may participate in the defense at any time or it may assume the defense by giving notice to the Indemnified
Parties. After assuming the defense, the Indemnifying Party:

(i)must select counsel (including local counsel if appropriate) that is reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Parties;

(ii)is not liable to the other party for any later attorneys fees or for any other later expenses that the Indemnified Parties
incur, except for reasonable investigation costs;

(iii)must not compromise or settle the action without the Indemnified Parties consent (which may not be unreasonably withheld); and

(iv)is not liable for any compromise or settlement made without its consent.

(c)If the Indemnifying Party fails to assume the defense within 10 days after receiving notice of the action, the Indemnifying Party
shall be bound by any determination made in the action or by any compromise or settlement made by the Indemnified Parties, and also remains
liable to pay the Indemnified Parties legal fees and expenses.

18

Section
9.3 METHOD OF ASSERTING INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS. All
claims for indemnification by any Indemnified Party under Section 9.2 shall be asserted and resolved as follows:

(a)If any claim or demand in respect of which an Indemnified Party might seek indemnity under Section 9.2 is asserted
against or sought to be collected from such Indemnified Party by a Person other than a party hereto or an affiliate thereof (a Third
Party Claim), the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification, enclosing a copy of all papers served, if any,
and specifying the nature of and basis for such Third Party Claim and for the Indemnified Partys claim for indemnification that
is being asserted under any provision of Section 9.2 against an Indemnifying Party, together with the amount or, if not then
reasonably ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in good faith, of such Third Party Claim (a Claim Notice)
with reasonable promptness to the Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnified Party fails to provide the Claim Notice with reasonable promptness
after the Indemnified Party receives notice of such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall not be obligated to indemnify the
Indemnified Party with respect to such Third Party Claim to the extent that the Indemnifying Partys ability to defend has been
prejudiced by such failure of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall notify the Indemnified Party as soon as practicable
within the period ending thirty (30) calendar days following receipt by the Indemnifying Party of either a Claim Notice or an Indemnity
Notice (as defined below) (the Dispute Period) whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the
amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party under Section 9.2 and whether the Indemnifying Party desires, at its sole
cost and expense, to defend the Indemnified Party against such Third Party Claim.

If the Indemnifying Party notifies
the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend the Indemnified Party with respect to the
Third Party Claim pursuant to this Section 9.3(a), then the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to defend, with counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, such Third Party Claim by all
appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be vigorously and diligently prosecuted by the Indemnifying Party to a final conclusion
or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnifying Party (but only with the consent of the Indemnified Party in the case of any
settlement that provides for any relief other than the payment of monetary damages, that provides for the payment of monetary damages
as to which the Indemnified Party shall not be indemnified in full pursuant to Section 9.2, or that does not include as an
unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party of a release from all liability in respect
to such claim or litigation). The Indemnifying Party shall have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise
or settlement thereof; provided, however, that the Indemnified Party may, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnified
Party, at any time prior to the Indemnifying Partys delivery of the notice referred to in the first sentence of this clause (i),
file any motion, answer or other pleadings or take any other action that the Indemnified Party reasonably believes to be necessary or
appropriate to protect its interests; and provided, further, that if requested by the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified
Party will, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the Indemnifying Party in contesting
any Third Party Claim that the Indemnifying Party elects to contest. The Indemnified Party may participate in, but not control, any defense
or settlement of any Third Party Claim controlled by the Indemnifying Party pursuant to this clause (i), and except as provided in the
preceding sentence, the Indemnified Party shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect to such participation. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Indemnified Party may take over the control of the defense or settlement of a Third Party Claim at any time if it irrevocably
waives its right to indemnity under Section 9.2 with respect to such Third Party Claim.

(i)If the Indemnifying Party fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to
defend the Third Party Claim pursuant to Section 9.3(a), or if the Indemnifying Party gives such notice but fails to prosecute
vigorously and diligently or settle the Third Party Claim, or if the Indemnifying Party fails to give any notice whatsoever within the
Dispute Period, then the Indemnified Party shall have the right to defend, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Third Party Claim
by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be prosecuted by the Indemnified Party in a reasonable manner and in good faith
or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnified Party (with the consent of the Indemnifying Party, which consent will not be unreasonably
withheld). The Indemnified Party will have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof;
provided, however, that if requested by the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party will, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying
Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the Indemnified Party and its counsel in contesting any Third Party Claim which the Indemnified
Party is contesting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this clause (ii), if the Indemnifying Party has notified the Indemnified
Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability hereunder to the Indemnified
Party with respect to such Third Party Claim and if such dispute is resolved in favor of the Indemnifying Party in the manner provided
in clause (iii) below, the Indemnifying Party will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of the Indemnified Partys
defense pursuant to this clause (ii) or of the Indemnifying Partys participation therein at the Indemnified Partys
request, and the Indemnified Party shall reimburse the Indemnifying Party in full for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the
Indemnifying Party in connection with such litigation. The Indemnifying Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement
controlled by the Indemnified Party pursuant to this clause (ii), and the Indemnifying Party shall bear its own costs and expenses
with respect to such participation.

19

(ii)If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party that it does not dispute its liability or the amount of its liability
to the Indemnified Party with respect to the Third Party Claim under Section 9.2 or fails to notify the Indemnified Party
within the Dispute Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party
with respect to such Third Party Claim, the amount of Damages specified in the Claim Notice shall be conclusively deemed a liability of
the Indemnifying Party under Section 9.2 and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified
Party on demand. If the Indemnifying Party has timely disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim,
the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute; provided,
however, that if the dispute is not resolved within thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall
be entitled to institute such legal action as it deems appropriate.

(b)If any Indemnified Party should have a claim under Section 9.2 against the Indemnifying Party that does not involve
a Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification of a claim for indemnity under Section 9.2
specifying the nature of and basis for such claim, together with the amount or, if not then reasonably ascertainable, the estimated amount,
determined in good faith, of such claim (an Indemnity Notice) with reasonable promptness to the Indemnifying
Party. The failure by any Indemnified Party to give the Indemnity Notice shall not impair such partys rights hereunder except to
the extent that the Indemnifying Party demonstrates that it has been irreparably prejudiced thereby. If the Indemnifying Party notifies
the Indemnified Party that it does not dispute the claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity Notice or fails to notify
the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes the claim or the amount of the claim described
in such Indemnity Notice, the amount of Damages specified in the Indemnity Notice will be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying
Party under Section 9.2 and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified Party on demand.
If the Indemnifying Party has timely disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim, the Indemnifying
Party and the Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute; provided, however, that if the
dispute is not resolved within thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such
legal action as it deems appropriate.

20

(c) The Indemnifying Party agrees to pay the Indemnified Party, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for
any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Third Party
Claim.

(d)The indemnity provisions contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar rights of the Indemnified
Party against the Indemnifying Party or others, and (ii) any liabilities to which the Indemnifying Party may be subject.

Article
X

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 10.1GOVERNING
LAW; JURISDICTION. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws
of the State of Nevada without regard to the principles of conflicts of law. Each of the Company and the Investor hereby submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States federal and state courts located in Delaware, with respect to any dispute arising under the
Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby.

Section 10.2JURY
TRIAL WAIVER. The Company and the Investor hereby waive a trial by jury in any action, proceeding
or counterclaim brought by either of the parties hereto against the other in respect of any matter arising out of or in connection with
the Transaction Documents.

Section 10.3ASSIGNMENT.
The Transaction Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective successors.
Except for the assignment of this Agreement to the Purchaser, neither this Agreement nor any rights of the Investor or the Company hereunder
may be assigned by either party to any other Person. Upon formation of the Purchaser, the Company shall assign this Agreement to the
Purchaser and the Purchaser shall be entitled to all the rights and be required to perform all the obligations of this Agreement as if
it were the Company (the Assignment). Upon the Assignment being completed, the immediately preceding sentence shall be
of no further force or effect.

Section 10.4NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Company
and the Investor and their respective successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other
Person, except as contemplated by Article IX.

Section 10.5TERMINATION.
The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time in the following circumstances i) in the event of a material breach of the Agreement
by the Investor, which shall be effected by written notice being sent by the Company to the Investor or ii) the BCA Closing of VCI Biofuels
Group (as defined in the SEC documents) does not occur. In addition, this Agreement shall automatically terminate on the earlier of (i) the
end of the Commitment Period or (ii) the date that, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences
a voluntary case or any Person commences a proceeding against the Company, a Custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially
all of its property or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; provided, however, that the provisions
of Articles III, IV, V, VI, IX and the agreements and covenants of the Company and the Investor
set forth in this Article X shall survive the termination of this Agreement

Section 10.6 ENTIRE AGREEMENT.
The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits thereto, contain the entire understanding of the Company and the Investor with
respect to the matters covered herein and therein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents and exhibits.

21

Section
10.7 FEES AND EXPENSES.
Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents or any other writing
to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all
other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

Section 10.8COUNTERPARTS.
The Transaction Documents may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which may be executed by less than all of the parties, all
of which together will constitute one instrument, will be deemed to be an original, and will be enforceable against the parties. The
Transaction Documents may be delivered to the other party hereto by email of a copy of the Transaction Documents bearing the signature
of the party so delivering the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that this Agreement shall be considered signed when the signature
of a party is delivered by .PDF, DocuSign or other generally accepted electronic signature. Such .PDF, DocuSign, or other generally accepted
electronic signature shall be treated in all respects as having the same effect as an original signature. The signatories to this Agreement
each represent and warrant that they are duly authorized by the parties with the power and authority to bind the parties to the terms
and conditions thereof.

Section 10.9SEVERABILITY.
If any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void,
this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that such severability shall be ineffective if
it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

Section 10.10FURTHER
ASSURANCES. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further
acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments, and documents, as the other party
may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

Section 10.11 NO STRICT
CONSTRUCTION. The Parties acknowledge that they have had an adequate opportunity to review each
and every provision contained in this Agreement and to submit the same to legal counsel for review and comment. The parties agree with
each and every provision contained in this Agreement and agree that the rule of construction that a contract be construed against the
drafter, if any, shall not be applied in the interpretation and construction of this Agreement.

Section 10.12EQUITABLE RELIEF. The Company recognizes that if it fails to perform, observe, or discharge
any or all of its obligations under this Agreement, any remedy at law may prove to be inadequate relief to the Investor. The Company therefore
agrees that the Investor shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief in any such case without the necessity of proving
actual damages. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, both parties will be entitled
to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for
any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert
in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

Section 10.13 TITLE AND
SUBTITLES. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for the convenience of reference
and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

Section 10.14AMENDMENTS;
WAIVERS. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the parties from and after
the date that is one (1) Business Day immediately preceding the initial filing of the prospectus to the Registration Statement with
the SEC. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence, (i) no provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written
instrument signed by both parties hereto, and (ii) no provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument
signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right, or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right, or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power, or privilege.

22

Section 10.15PUBLICITY. The Company and the Investor shall consult with each other in issuing any press
releases or otherwise making public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and no party shall issue any such
press release or otherwise make any such public statement, other than as required by law, without the prior written consent of the other
parties, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure
is required by law, in which such case the disclosing party shall provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the Investor without the prior written consent of the
Investor, except to the extent required by law. The Investor acknowledges that the Transaction Documents may be deemed to be material
contracts, as that term is defined by Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, and that the Company may therefore be required to
file such documents as exhibits to reports or registration statements filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The Investor
further agrees that the status of such documents and materials as material contracts shall be determined solely by the Company, in consultation
with its counsel.

Section
10.16TRUST WAIVER. The
Parties acknowledge that Company has established a trust account for the benefit of its public shareholders pursuant to the certain investment
management trust agreement, dated as of July 28, 2021, and as amended on January 27, 2023, July 31, 2023, January 2, 2024 and December
31, 2024 by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the IMTA) and that, except for
certain exceptions described in the Prospectus, Lender may disburse monies from the Trust Account only for the purposes set forth in
the IMTA. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Investor hereby agrees that he, she or it does not have any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and hereby agrees that, he, she or it will not seek recourse against
the Trust Account for any claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with the Company. 

Section 10.17 DISPUTE
RESOLUTION.

(a)GOVERNANCE
OF ALL DISPUTES. The parties recognize that disagreements as to certain matters may from time to
time arise out of these Transaction Documents. The parties agree that any disagreements that arise from these Transaction Documents are
to be governed in accordance with this Section 10.17.

(b)SUBMISSION
TO DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

(i)In the case of a dispute relating to the Average Daily Trading Volume, Purchase Notice Limit, or VWAP (as the case may be) (including,
without limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company or the Investor (as the case may be)
shall submit the dispute to the other party via facsimile or electronic mail within two (2) Business Days after the occurrence of
the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Investor and the Company are unable to promptly resolve such dispute relating to
such Average Daily Trading Volume, Purchase Notice Limit or VWAP (as the case may be), at any time after the second (2nd) Business
Day following such initial notice by the Company or the Investor (as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or the Investor (as
the case may be), then the Company and the Investor may select an independent, reputable investment bank as mutually agreed upon to resolve
such dispute.

23

(ii) The Investor and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered
in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 10.17 and (B) written documentation supporting its position with
respect to such dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following
the date on which such investment bank was selected (the Dispute Submission Deadline) (the documents referred
to in the immediately preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation)
(it being understood and agreed that if either the Investor or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation
by the Dispute Submission Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be
entitled to (and hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with
respect to such dispute and such investment bank shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was
delivered to such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company
and the Investor or otherwise requested by such investment bank, neither the Company nor the Investor shall be entitled to deliver or
submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute
Documentation).

(iii)The
Company and the Investor shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and the
Investor of such resolution no later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees
and expenses of such investment bank shall be borne by the losing party as long as it does not exceed $10,000, and such investment banks
resolution of such dispute shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

(c)Good
Faith Attempt To Resolve Other Disputes. If either the Company or the Investor believes
that a dispute not covered by Section 10.17(b) has arisen under these Transaction Documents, that party, prior to commencing arbitration,
must provide the other side with written notice detailing the nature of the alleged dispute. Upon receipt of such written notice, the
parties are required to engage in good faith negotiations in an attempt to resolve the dispute for a period of not less than fourteen
(14) days, such time as may be extended by mutual agreement of the parties. If the Company and the Investor are unable to resolve such
dispute within that fourteen (14) day period (or any period of extension as agreed by the parties), then either party may pursue resolution
of the dispute pursuant to Section 10.17(d).

(d)ARBITRATION.
Any dispute, controversy, difference or claim that may arise between the Company and the Investor in connection with these Transaction
Documents (including, without limitation, any claim that, for whatever reason, was not resolved by the procedures of Section 10.17(b);
and all claims arising out of or relating to the validity, construction, interpretation, enforceability, breach, performance, application
or termination of these Transaction Documents), shall be submitted to binding arbitration governed by the rules of the American Arbitration
Association. The seat of the arbitration shall be in the State and County of Delaware. There shall be only one arbitrator selected in
accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitration shall be conducted in English and may be conducted
in a virtual setting. The arbitrators decision shall be final and binding and judgment may be entered thereon. 

24

(e)COSTS
AND AWARD. Each side must bear its own costs and legal fees during the pendency of the arbitration.
The prevailing party in the arbitration shall be entitled to recoup all its reasonable attorneys fees and costs from the nonprevailing,
including, without limitation, all of its costs relating to the arbitration, excluding only the costs incurred in connection with the
procedures of Section 10.16(b). The arbitrators final award shall include this assessment of costs and fees. That award also shall
include interest from the date of any damages incurred for breach of these Transaction Documents, and from the date of the award until
paid in full assessed at the prevailing statutory rate. The nonprevailing party must promptly pay that award in U.S. dollars, free of
any tax, deduction or offset. Further, in the event a party fails to proceed with arbitration, unsuccessfully challenges the arbitrators
award, or fails to comply with the arbitrators award, the other party is entitled to all costs of suit including all reasonable
attorneys fees and costs incurred in respect to any of these further actions. With respect to damages, the only damages recoverable
under these Transaction Documents are compensatory; both the Company and the Investor expressly disclaim the right to seek punitive or
other exemplary damages; provided that, and notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 10.17, if the Company fails to timely
deliver Securities to the Investor in accordance with this Agreement, the Investor may pursue any remedy available at law or
in equity, including exemplary, punitive, special, indirect, or consequential damages.

(f)INJUNCTIVE
RELIEF. Provided a party has made a sufficient showing under applicable law, the arbitrator shall
have the power and authority to invoke, and the parties agree to abide by, equitable relief or interim or provisional relief from the
abritrator, including a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other interim or permanent equitable relief. Additionally,
nothing in this Section 10.17 shall preclude either party from seeking equitable relief or interim or provisional relief from a court
of competent jurisdiction, including a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other interim or permanent equitable relief,
concerning a dispute either prior to or during arbitration if necessary to protect the interests of such party or to preserve the status
quo pending the arbitration proceeding.

(g)Confidentiality.
The arbitration proceeding and subsequent award shall be confidential. The arbitrator shall issue appropriate protective orders to safeguard
each partys confidential information. Except as required by law (or if necessary to enforce the award), including without limitation
securities regulations, neither party is to make any public announcement with respect to the proceedings or decision of the arbitrator
without the prior written consent of the other party. The existence of any dispute submitted to arbitration, and the award, shall be
kept in confidence by the parties thereto and the arbitrator, except as required in connection with the enforcement of such an award
or as otherwise required by law.

25

Section 10.18NOTICES. All notices, demands, requests, consents, waivers, approvals, and other communications
required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) delivered
by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid next Business Day delivery, or (c) transmitted by hand delivery, or email as
a PDF, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice given
in accordance herewith. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective upon hand
delivery or delivery by email at the address designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such
notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal
business hours where such notice is to be received).

The addresses for such communications
shall be:

If to the Company:

International Media Acquisition Corp.

Attention:

International Media Acquisition Corp.

[1604 US Highway 130, North Brunswick, NJ, 08902]

Attn: Yu-Fang Chiu

If to the Investor:

WHITE LION CAPITAL LLC

Attention: Nathan Yee, Managing Director

E-mail: team@whitelioncapital.com

With a copy (not constituting notice) to:

Either party hereto may from
time to time change its address or email for notices under this Section 10.18 by giving prior written notice of such changed
address to the other party hereto.

Section 10.19Limitation
on Liability.

The Investor agrees that it will not make any claims, demands or pursue
any actions against VCI Holdings Limited or its subsidiaries in connection with any matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
This provision shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

** Signature Page Follows **

26

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the Execution
Date.

International Media Acquisition Corp.

By: /s/ Yu-Fang
Chiu 

Name: Yu-Fang Chiu

Title: Chief Executive Officer

White Lion Capital LLC

By: /s/ Nathan
Yee

Name: Nathan Yee

Title: Managing Director 

Acknowledged and Agreed:

VCI Holdings Limited 

By: /s/ Navin Sidhu 

Name: Navin Sidhu 

Title: Director
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>imaq-20250420.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>imaq-20250420_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>imaq-20250420_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Warrants 

Rights [Member] 

Units 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>imaq-20250420_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 20, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 20, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40687

Entity Registrant Name International Media Acquisition Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0001846235

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-1627460

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1604 US Highway 130

Entity Address, City or Town North Brunswick

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 08902

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 960-3677

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol IMAQ

Warrants 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants

Trading Symbol IMAQW

Rights [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights

Trading Symbol IMAQR

Units 

Title of 12(b) Security Units

Trading Symbol IMAQU

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=IMAQ_WarrantsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_RightsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=IMAQ_UnitsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
5 
22 
1 
false 
4 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://imac.org.in/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0239100-8k425_intern.htm 
imaq-20250420.xsd 
imaq-20250420_def.xml 
imaq-20250420_lab.xml 
imaq-20250420_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-034237-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0239100-8k425_intern_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001846235 

2025-04-20 
2025-04-20 

0001846235 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-04-20 
2025-04-20 

0001846235 

IMAQ:WarrantsMember 

2025-04-20 
2025-04-20 

0001846235 

us-gaap:RightsMember 

2025-04-20 
2025-04-20 

0001846235 

IMAQ:UnitsMember 

2025-04-20 
2025-04-20 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001846235 
8-K 
2025-04-20 
International Media Acquisition Corp. 
DE 
001-40687 
86-1627460 
1604 US Highway 130 
North Brunswick 
NJ 
08902 
212 
960-3677 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
IMAQ 
Warrants 
IMAQW 
Rights 
IMAQR 
Units 
IMAQU 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>