<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-016128.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-016128.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221160520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-016128
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250218
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHEETAH NET SUPPLY CHAIN SERVICE INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001951667
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MOTOR VEHICLES & MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & SUPPLIES [5010]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				813509120
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41761
		FILM NUMBER:		25651691

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8707 RESEARCH DRIVE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 418 7804

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8707 RESEARCH DRIVE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm257207d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000195166700019516672025-02-182025-02-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

United States

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current
Report

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

February 18, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

Cheetah Net Supply Chain Service Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

North Carolina 001-41761 81-3509120

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

8707
Research Drive,

Irvine, California 92618

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(949) 740-7799

Registrants telephone number, including
area code

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under
the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
Exchange Act 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
Exchange Act

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which 

registered

Class A Common Stock CTNT The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On February 18, 2025, the board of directors (the
Board) of Cheetah Net Supply Chain Service Inc. (the Company), a North Carolina corporation, appointed Ms.
Cindy Tang as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Ms. Tang, age 58, has served as the Companys Director of Finance since
May 2024. From July 2023 to May 2024, Ms. Tang served as the Interim Chief Financial Officer of Elong Power Holdings Limited, a manufacturer
of battery products. From August 2010 to May 2023, Ms. Tang served as the Finance Director of China XD Plastics Co., Ltd., a specialty
chemical company engaged in the research, development, manufacture and sale of modified plastics primarily for automotive applications.
Ms. Tang received her bachelor's degree in English Language and Literature from Sichuan University in 1988, her bachelors degree
in Foreign Affairs from Foreign Affairs College in 1990, and her MBA in Accounting from Seton Hall University in 2003.

On February 18, 2025, the Company and Ms. Tang
entered into an Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement), pursuant to which Ms. Tang will be compensated at a rate
of $84,000 per year, payable in cash biweekly. Ms. Tang will also be eligible to receive shares of the Companys Class A common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share, worth $50,000 as of the date of the grant for every 12-month period of full-time employment with the
Company, to be issued pursuant to the Companys stock incentive plan and subject to the terms and conditions of award agreements.
The Employment Agreement contains customary termination, confidentiality, non-solicitation, and indemnification provisions. The foregoing
summary of the Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Employment Agreement,
a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On February 18, 2025, the Company entered into
an indemnification agreement (the Indemnification Agreement) with Ms. Tang. Under the Indemnification Agreement, the Company
agrees to indemnify Ms. Tang to the maximum extent authorized by the North Carolina Business Corporation Act for certain liabilities to
which she may become subject as a result of her employment as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The foregoing summary of the
Indemnification Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Indemnification Agreement,
a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

There are no family relationships between Ms.
Tang and any director or executive officer of the Company. To the best knowledge of the Company, there is no understanding or arrangement
between Ms. Tang and any other person pursuant to which Ms. Tang was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. To the best
knowledge of the Company, neither Ms. Tang nor any of her immediate family members is a party to any transaction required to be disclosed
pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Item 9.01
Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement dated February 18, 2025 by and between Cindy Tang and the Company

10.2 Indemnification Agreement dated February 18, 2025 by and between Cindy Tang and the Company

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: February
21, 2025

Cheetah Net Supply Chain Service Inc.

By: /s/ Huan Liu

Huan Liu 

Chief Executive Officer, Director, and Chairman of the Board of Directors
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm257207d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Employment Agreement

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is made as of February 18, 2025 (the Effective Date) between Cheetah Net Supply Chain Service Inc.,
with an address of 8707 Research Drive, Irvine, CA 92618 (the Company), and Xing (Cindy) Tang, with
an address at [*] (Employee) (Company and Employee are each a Party and collectively
the Parties).

WHEREAS, Employee is proficient in US and
Chinese accounting standards, experienced in financing, accounting, auditing, and corporate governance;

WHEREAS,
Company desires to retain Employee to provide accounting service, oversee
financial reporting, maintaining internal control, and Employee agrees to provide such services, in accordance with the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
premises, mutual covenants, terms, and conditions contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Services. Employees title
shall be Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Company. Employee will provide services to Company, as further described in Schedule
A (the Services). Employee shall provide such services as Company may reasonably request.

2. Appointment; Term. Company hereby
appoints Employee, and Employee hereby accepts appointment for Company, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The term
of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall hold the office until a successor is duly chosen and qualified or until
she sooner dies, resigns, is removed or becomes disqualified.

3. Use of Company Facilities, Equipment.
Company may authorize the use of certain Company facilities and services, including, but not limited to, use of temporary office space
and Company equipment related to authorized projects, as long as such use does not interfere with the day-to-day operations of Company.

4. Ownership of Work Product. All
work product developed by Employee, in whole or in part, either alone or jointly with others, during the Term and any subsequent renewal
term, which may relate in any manner to the actual or anticipated business, work, research, or development of Company, or which result,
to any extent, from the Services performed by Employee for Company, or use of Companys Confidential Information (as defined below),
will be the sole property of Company.

5. Compensation. As compensation
for your services to the Company, you will receive compensation as set forth on Schedule B attached hereto (hereinafter, the Compensation)
for serving as CFO during your Term. You shall be reimbursed for reasonable and approved expenses incurred by you in connection with the
performance of your Duties. You will be eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan of the Company and be entitled to paid time off with
your employment of the Company, please see Cheetah Net Supply Chain Service Inc. Benefit Package for details about Company policies.

6. Expenses. Company shall promptly
reimburse Employee for all reasonable travel-related expenses incurred in the ordinary course of providing services outlined in this Agreement.
Reimbursable expenses shall not be limited to, but shall include, reasonable costs of airfare, hotels, business meals when traveling,
and mileage reimbursement. Employee shall provide a formal accounting of all expenses, including receipts, on a monthly basis for approval
and payment.

7. Termination. This Agreement may
be terminated upon mutual written consent of the Employee and Company. Employee may terminate this Agreement: (a) Upon fourteen (14) days
prior written notice to Company; or (b) Immediately if Employee is subject to materially diminished duties or responsibilities, provided
that the retention of a replacement CFO by Company shall not constitute diminished duties or responsibilities. Company may terminate this
Agreement: (i) Without prior notice and without further obligation for reasons of just cause (e.g., fraud, theft, conviction of a felony,
improper or dishonest action, or significant acts of misconduct) on the part of Employee or any of Employees agents providing services
to Company; or (ii) Without just cause upon seven (7) days written notice to Employee. This Agreement shall automatically terminate
upon the death of Employee. In the event of the termination of this Agreement, Company shall pay Employee the base salary through the
date of termination.

8. Notices. Any notice or other
communication required or which may be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, electronically, telecopied,
or sent by certified, registered, or express mail, postage prepaid, to the Parties at the following addresses or at such other addresses
as shall be specified by the Parties by like notice. Notices shall be deemed given when so delivered personally, electronically, telecopied,
or, if mailed, five (5) days after the date of mailing, as follows:

If to Company:

Cheetah Net Supply Chain Service Inc.

8707 Research Drive, Irvine, CA 92618

Or through electronic mail at: info@cheetah-net.com

If to Employee:

Xing (Cindy) Tang

[*]

Or through electronic mail at: [*]

9. Confidentiality; Non-Solicitation.

A. Employee shall keep secret and retain the confidential
nature of all Confidential Information (as defined herein) belonging to Company and take such other precautions with respect thereto as
Company, in its sole discretion, may reasonably request. Employee shall not, at any time, whether before or after the termination of this
Agreement, use, copy, disclose, or make available any Confidential Information to any corporation, governmental body, individual, partnership,
trust, or other entity (a Person), except that Employee may use, copy, or disclose Confidential Information: (i) To the
extent required in the performance of the Services; (ii) To the extent it becomes publicly available through no fault of Employee; and
(iii) To the extent Employee is required to do so pursuant to applicable law or court order.

B. For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential
Information shall mean all information pertaining to the affairs and operations of Company that is not generally available to the
public and that Company desires to keep confidential, including, but not limited to:

Trade secrets, inventions, and financial information;

Information as to customers, clients, or patients, and suppliers;

Sales and marketing information; and

All documents and other tangible items relating to or containing
any such information.

Employee acknowledges that the Confidential Information
is vital, sensitive, confidential, and proprietary to Company.

C. All Confidential Information disclosed or made
available by Company to Employee shall at all times remain the personal property of Company. All documents, lists, plans, proposals, records,
electronic media or devices, and other tangible items supplied to Employee that constitute or contain Confidential Information shall,
together with all copies thereof and all other property of Company, be returned to Company immediately upon termination of this Agreement
for whatever reason or sooner upon demand.

D. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this
Agreement shall:

(i) Prohibit Employee from making reports of possible
violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated
under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or any other whistleblower protection
provisions of state or federal law or regulation; or

(ii) Require notification or prior approval by
Company of any reporting described in clause (i).

E. Pursuant to The Defend Trade Secrets Act (18
USC 1833(b)), Employee may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for disclosure
of a trade secret:

(i) Made in confidence to a government official,
either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; and/or

(ii) In a complaint or other document filed in
a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

Additionally, if Employee sues Company for retaliation
based on the reporting of a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose a trade secret to their attorney and use the trade secret
information in the court proceeding, so long as any document containing the trade secret is filed under seal and Employee does not disclose
the trade secret except pursuant to court order.

F. Employee acknowledges that a breach of the
provisions of this Section 9 shall cause irreparable harm to Company for which it will have no adequate remedy at law. Employee agrees
that Company may, in its sole discretion, obtain from a court of competent jurisdiction an injunction, restraining order, or other equitable
relief restraining Employee from committing or continuing any such violation. Any right to obtain an injunction, restraining order, or
other equitable relief hereunder will not be deemed a waiver of any right to assert any other remedy which Company may have in law or
in equity.

G. Additionally, during the Term, Employee shall
not induce or solicit Companys employees, agents, contractors, clients, and customers away from Company on its behalf or on behalf
of any other company or person. Employee agrees that this Section 9, including the scope of the territory covered, the actions restricted
thereby, and the duration of such covenant, is reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of Company.

H. The confidentiality and non-solicitation obligations
set forth herein shall survive for a period of twelve (12) months after the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

10. Indemnification. Employee and
Company shall mutually indemnify, defend (with counsel chosen by Company), and hold each other harmless from and against any and all claims,
losses, damages, liabilities, actions, costs, and expenses, including, but not limited to, reasonable legal fees and expenses, paid or
incurred by the other Party and arising directly and indirectly out of:

(i) Any breach of this Agreement by either Party;

(ii) Any breach by either Party of written policies
or standards for Company; or

(iii) Any other act or omission of either Party.

11. Miscellaneous.

A. Tax Withholding

Company may withhold from Employee any amounts
payable under this Agreement for such federal, state, or local taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law
or regulation.

B. Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina and the federal laws of the United States applicable therein, without giving
effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules that would apply the laws of another jurisdiction.

In the event of legal proceedings arising under
this Agreement, the Parties consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of North Carolina and waive any claim that such venue is an inconvenient
forum.

C. Entire Agreement

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
of the Parties and supersedes any prior agreements or understandings, whether oral or written, regarding the subject matter hereof.

D. Waivers and Amendments

This Agreement may not be amended or modified
except by a written agreement executed by both Parties. No delay or failure by any Party in exercising any right, power, or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof.

E. Assignment

This Agreement may not be assigned by either Party
without prior written consent of a duly authorized officer of the other Party. The merger or consolidation of a Party, or the sale of
substantially all of its assets or shares, shall not be deemed an assignment of this Agreement.

F. Headings

The headings in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

G. Severability

If any term or provision of this Agreement is
held to be invalid, void, unenforceable, or against public policy by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining terms and provisions
shall remain in full force and effect.

H. Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, including by facsimile or email, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one
and the same instrument.

[Signature Page Follows]

This Agreement has been executed
and delivered by the undersigned and is made effective as of the date set first set forth above.

Sincerely,

Cheetah Net Supply Chain Service Inc. 

/s/
Huan Liu 

By: Huan Liu 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

AGREED AND ACCEPTED: 

/s/ Xing (Cindy) Tang 

By: Xing (Cindy) Tang 

Schedule A

Services

Serve as chief financial officer to the CEO and executive team for strategic
planning purposes

Oversee all sides of financial and accounting operations, including but not
limited to payables, receivables, tax preparation, financial reporting, treasury, risk management, and internal controls

Develop appropriate tracking methods for revenue and expenses

Oversee development, oversight, and management of the Companys investment
plan

Acts as liaison between the Company and the public on financial and investor
relations matters

Gather financial data for analysis and forecasting with respect to profits,
trends, costs, and compliance

Coordinate the preparation of annual, quarterly, and monthly reports

Support all SEC fillings, including but not limited to 10Q, 10K, Proxy Statement,
S1, S-3, S-4, S-8, etc.

Process the financial activities to maximize the Companys profits
and plan for its growth

Ensure the company complies with tax laws and regulations specific to that
industry

Oversee Companys M&A transactions

Schedule B

Compensation

During your term as CFO, Xing (Cindy) Tang will
receive cash compensation in the amount of US$84,000 per year, in accordance with the Companys standard payroll practices. Such
compensation shall be calculated beginning from the Effective Date and shall be paid biweekly (SundaySaturday) on the 6th calendar
day following the end of each pay period. - Xing (Cindy) Tang will be eligible to receive shares of the Companys class A common
stock worth $50,000 as of the date of the grant every 12-month full time service, issued pursuant to the Companys stock incentive
plan and subject to the terms and conditions of certain restricted unit award agreement.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm257207d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this
Agreement) is made and entered into as of February 18, 2025 between Cheetah Net Supply Chain Service Inc., a North
Carolina corporation (the Company), and Xing (Cindy) Tang, an individual (Indemnitee). This
Agreement supersedes and replaces any and all previous agreements between the Company and Indemnitee covering the subject matter of this
Agreement.

WITNESSETH THAT:

WHEREAS, Indemnitee performs a valuable service for the Company;

WHEREAS, the
Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has adopted the bylaws (the Bylaws) providing
for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company to the maximum extent authorized by the North Carolina Business Corporation
Act (the NCBCA);

WHEREAS, the
Bylaws and Article 8 of the NCBCA, as amended (Article 8), by their nonexclusive nature, permit contracts between
the Company and the officers or directors of the Company with respect to indemnification of its officers or directors;

WHEREAS, this
Agreement is supplemental to and in furtherance of the Fourth Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Articles of
Incorporation), the Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor
to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder;

WHEREAS, in
accordance with the authorization as provided by Article 8, the Company may purchase and maintain a policy or policies of directors
and officers liability insurance, covering certain liabilities which may be incurred by its officers or directors in the performance
of their obligations to the Company; and

WHEREAS, in
order to induce Indemnitee to continue to serve as an officer or director of the Company, the Company has determined and agreed to enter
into this contract with Indemnitee.

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of Indemnitees service as an officer or director after the date hereof, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

(a) Corporate Status means the status of a person who is or was
a director (including, without limitation, serving as a member of any committee or subcommittee of the Board), officer, employee, agent
or fiduciary of the Company (or any subsidiary of the Company) or of any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint
venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that the person is or was serving at the express written request of the Company.

(b) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who
is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

(c) Enterprise means the Company and any other corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the express written request of the
Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary.

(d) Expenses means all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers,
court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone
charges, postage, delivery service fees, any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or
deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, excise taxes and penalties, and
all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute
or defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses
incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for, and other
costs relating to, any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, and (ii) for purposes of Section 7(d)
only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under
this Agreement, by litigation or otherwise. The parties agree that for the purposes of any advancement of Expenses for which Indemnitee
has made written demand to the Company in accordance with this Agreement, all Expenses included in the demand that are certified by affidavit
of Indemnitees counsel as being reasonable shall be presumed conclusively to be reasonable. Expenses, however, shall not include
amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

(e) Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law
firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent:
(i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this
Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to
a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any
person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing
either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the
reasonable fees and expenses of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify the Independent Counsel against any and
all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

(f) Proceeding means any threatened, pending or completed action,
suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative
hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether
of a civil, criminal, administrative, legislative or investigative (formal or informal) nature, including any appeal therefrom, in which
Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party, potential party, non-party witness or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee
is or was an officer or director of the Company, by reason of any action taken by Indemnitee or of any inaction on Indemnitees
part while acting as an officer or director of the Company, or by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was serving at the request
of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
Enterprise or of any action (or failure to act) on Indemnitees part while acting pursuant to Indemnitees Corporate Status;
in each case whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving in that capacity at the time any liability or Expense is incurred for which
indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of Expenses can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the
date of this Agreement, but excluding one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 hereof to enforce Indemnitees
rights under this Agreement. If the Indemnitee believes in good faith that a given situation may lead to or culminate in the institution
of a Proceeding, this shall be considered a Proceeding under this paragraph.

2.Indemnification of Indemnitee. The Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the full extent authorized
or permitted by the provisions of Article 8, the Articles of Incorporation, and the Bylaws, all as may be amended from time to time. In
furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without limiting the generality thereof:

(a) Proceedings Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. The
Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2(a) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate
Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding other than a Proceeding by or in the right
of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 2(a), the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest,
assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of those Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in
settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with the Proceeding or any
claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed
to the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees
conduct was unlawful. The parties hereto intend that this Agreement shall provide to the fullest extent permitted by law for indemnification
in excess of that expressly permitted by statute, including, without limitation, any indemnification provided by the Articles of Incorporation,
the Bylaws, the vote of its stockholders or Disinterested Directors, or applicable law.

(b) Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. The Company shall indemnify
Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2(b) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee
is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment
in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 2(b), the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with the Proceeding
or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not
opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification of Expenses shall be made under this Section 2(b) in respect of
any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and
only to the extent that the court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication
of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification.

(c) Indemnification of Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee
is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise,
in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against
all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is
not wholly successful in the Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues
or matters in the Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee
or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter to the fullest extent permitted by
law. For purposes of this Section 2(c) and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in a Proceeding by
dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to that claim, issue or matter.

3. Additional Indemnity.

(a) In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided
for in Section 2 hereof, the Company shall and hereby does indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by
Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be
made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company), including, without limitation,
all liability arising out of the negligence or active or passive wrongdoing of Indemnitee. The only limitation that shall exist upon the
Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement shall be that the Company shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee
that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 7 and 8 hereof) to be
unlawful under North Carolina law.

(b) For the purposes of Section 2(a), the meaning of the phrase to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law shall include, but not be limited to:

(i)to the fullest extent permitted by the provision of the NCBCA that authorizes or contemplates additional indemnification by agreement,
or the corresponding provision of any amendment to or replacement of the NCBCA, and

(ii) to
the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the NCBCA adopted after the date of this Agreement
that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors.

4. Indemnification
of Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness or otherwise asked to participate in
any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred
by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith.

5. Advancement
of Expenses. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary (other than Section 7), the Company shall advance,
to the extent not prohibited by law, the Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding (or any part
of any Proceeding) not initiated by Indemnitee. The Company shall make this advancement within 30 days after the receipt by the Company
of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting the advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition
of the Proceeding. The Indemnitees statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall
include or be preceded or accompanied by an undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any Expenses advanced if it shall ultimately
be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified against the Expenses. Any advances and undertakings to repay pursuant
to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligation of the Company to advance
Expenses pursuant to this Section 5 shall be subject to the condition that, if, when, and to the extent that the Company determines
that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law, the Indemnitee shall reimburse the Company for all amounts
theretofore paid within 30 days of this determination; provided, however, that if Indemnitee has commenced or thereafter commences legal
proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction to secure a determination that Indemnitee should be indemnified under applicable law,
any determination made by the Company that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law shall not be binding
and Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advance of Expenses until a final judicial determination is made
with respect thereto (and as to which all rights of appeal therefrom have been exhausted or lapsed). No other form of undertaking shall
be required other than the execution of this Agreement.

6. Procedures
and Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification. It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee
rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under Article 8 and the public policy of the State of North Carolina. Accordingly,
the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is
entitled to indemnification under this Agreement:

(a) To obtain indemnification (including, but not limited to, the advancement of Expenses
and contribution by the Company) under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or
therewith documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and
to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of the written request
for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification.

(b) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence
of Section 6(a) hereof, a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto
shall be made in the specific case by one of the following three methods, which shall be at the election of Board:

(i) a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even if less than a quorum;

(ii) Independent Counsel in a written opinion; or

(iii) a vote of the Companys stockholders.

(c) If the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent
Counsel pursuant to Section 6(b)(ii) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 6(c).
The Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Company. Indemnitee may, within 10 days after written notice of selection shall have
been given, deliver to the Company a written objection to the selection; provided, however, that the objection may be asserted only on
the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in
Section 1(e) hereof, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of this assertion. Absent a proper
and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent
Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until the objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that the objection
is without merit. If, within 20 days after the later of submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to
Section 6(a) hereof and the final disposition of the Proceeding, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected
to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have
been made by Indemnitee to the selection of Independent Counsel or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by
the court or by any other person as the court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the
person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees
and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by the Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof,
and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 6(c), regardless of the manner
in which the Independent Counsel was selected or appointed.

(d) In making a determination with respect
to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making the determination
shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, presume that Indemnitee is entitled to
indemnification under this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have
the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence.

(e) For the purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed
to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial
statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or
on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent
certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In addition, the knowledge
and actions, or failure to act, of any
director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification
under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed
that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear
and convincing evidence.

(f) If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under this Section 6
to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within 30 days after receipt by the
Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited
by law, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material
fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the
request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that the 30-day period
may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional 15 days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination
with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and information
relating thereto; and provided further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(f) shall not apply if the determination
of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof and if (x) within 15 days after
receipt by the Company of the request for this determination, the Board or the Disinterested Directors, if appropriate, resolve to submit
the determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within 75 days after such receipt
and such determination is made thereat, or (y) a special meeting of stockholders is called within 15 days after such receipt for the purpose
of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within 60 days after having been so called and such determination
is made thereat.

(g) Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making the determination
with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to the person, persons or entity upon reasonable
advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to the determination. Any Independent Counsel, member of the Board or stockholder of
the Company shall act reasonably and in good faith in making a determination regarding the Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification
under this Agreement. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating
with the person, persons or entity making the determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees
entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

(h) The Company acknowledges that a settlement
or other disposition short of final judgment may be successful if it permits a party to avoid
expense, delay, distraction, disruption and uncertainty. In the event that any action, claim
or proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse
judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim
or proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration) it shall be presumed
that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in such action, suit or proceeding.
Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden
of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence.

7. Remedies of Indemnitee.

(a) In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 6 hereof
that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section
5 hereof, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof within 90 days after
receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to this Agreement within
30 days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) payment of indemnification is not made within 10 days after a
determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or the determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to
Section 6 hereof, or (vi) in the event that the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this
Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from the Indemnitee
the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate
court of the State of North Carolina, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification
or advancement of Expenses. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted
by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Indemnitee shall commence
the proceeding seeking an adjudication or an award in arbitration within 180 days following the date on which Indemnitee first has the
right to commence such proceeding pursuant to this Section 7(a). The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek
any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

(b) In the event that a determination shall
have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification,
any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 7 shall be conducted in all respects
as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits, and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced
by reason of the adverse determination under Section 6(b) hereof. In any judicial proceeding
or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 the Company shall have the burden of
proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, as the
case may be.

(c) If a determination shall have been made
pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company
shall be bound by this determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced
pursuant to this Section 7, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or
an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially
misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or for indemnification, or
(ii) a prohibition of indemnification under applicable law.

(d) In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 7, seeks a judicial
adjudication of Indemnitees rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors
and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company shall pay on Indemnitees behalf, in advance,
any and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in the judicial adjudication, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately
is determined to be entitled to indemnification, advancement of expenses or insurance recovery.

(e) The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be precluded from
asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures and presumptions of
this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company
is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as
to entitlement of Indemnitee to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the
Proceeding.

8. Non-Exclusivity; Survival
of Rights; Insurance; Primacy of Indemnification; Subrogation.

(a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided
by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law,
the Articles of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders, a resolution of directors or otherwise. No amendment,
alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement
in respect of any action taken or omitted by the Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status prior to the amendment, alteration
or repeal. To the extent that a change in Article 8, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement
of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee
shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive
of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given
hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder,
or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

(b) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing
liability insurance for directors, officers, employees, or agents or fiduciaries of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall
be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any director,
officer, employee, agent or fiduciary under such policy or policies.

9.Liability
Insurance. The Company currently maintains liability insurance applicable to directors, officers, employees, or agents, and, to the
extent liability insurance of comparable scope can continue to be purchased at reasonable cost, the Company shall continue to maintain
this coverage. Indemnitee shall be covered by these policies in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee the same rights and benefits
as are provided to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors. The Company shall notify Indemnitee of any change, lapse
or cancellation of this coverage.

10.Exception to Right of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall not be entitled
to indemnification under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding brought by Indemnitee, or any claim therein, unless (a) the bringing
of such Proceeding or making of such claim shall have been approved by the Board or (b) such Proceeding is being brought by Indemnitee
to assert, interpret or enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company shall not be obligated to indemnify Indemnitee
against amounts paid in settlement of a Proceeding against Indemnitee if the settlement is effected by Indemnitee without the Companys
prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, unless the settlement solely involves the payment of money or
performance of any obligation by persons other than the Company and includes an unconditional release of the Company by all relevant parties
from all liability on any matters that are the subject of such Proceeding and an acknowledgment that the Company denies all wrongdoing
in connection with such matters. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Indemnitee, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, effect any settlement of any Proceeding against Indemnitee or which could have been brought against Indemnitee or which potentially
or actually imposes any cost, liability, exposure or burden on Indemnitee, unless the settlement solely involves the payment of money
or performance of any obligation by persons other than Indemnitee and includes an unconditional release of Indemnitee by all relevant
parties from all liability on any matters that are the subject of such Proceeding and an acknowledgment that Indemnitee denies all wrongdoing
in connection with such matters.

11.Duration of Agreement. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee
is an officer or director of the Company (or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent
of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise) and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee could
be subject to any Proceeding (or any proceeding commenced under Section 7 hereof) by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status,
whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification
can be provided under this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties
hereto and their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to
all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal representatives.

12.Security. To the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to
time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust
or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent
of the Indemnitee.

13.Severability.
If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, illegal or otherwise
unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, each portion of any section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall
remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including,
without limitation, each portion of any section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable
that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee indemnification rights to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable laws. In the event any provision hereof conflicts with any applicable law, such provision shall be deemed
modified, consistent with the aforementioned intent, to the extent necessary to resolve such conflict.

14. Enforcement.

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement
and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the
Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director or officer of the Company.

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance
of the Articles of Incorporation, the Bylaws and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate
any rights of Indemnitee thereunder.

15.Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless
executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute
a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

16.Notice By Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise receiving
any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be
subject to indemnification covered hereunder. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which
it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices
the Company.

17.Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been duly given if (a) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed,
(b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed, or
(c) mailed with a nationally recognized overnight courier specifying next day delivery with written verification of receipt, on the first
business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, to the address set forth below Indemnitee signature hereto.

(b) If to the Company, to:

Cheetah Net Supply Chain Service Inc.

8707 Research Drive

Irvine, CA 92618

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

with a copy (which does not constitute
notice) to:

Hunter Taubman Fischer & Li LLC

950 3rd Avenue, 19th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Attention: Ying Li, Esq.

or to any other address as may have
been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be.

18.Contribution. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement
is unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount
incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and for Expenses,
in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable
in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (a) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee
as a result of the events or transactions giving cause to such Proceeding, and (b) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors,
officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such events or transactions.

19.Identical Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes
be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by
the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

20.Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to
constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

21.Governing Law. The parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with,
the laws of the State of North Carolina without application of the conflict of laws principles thereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the day and year first above written.

Cheetah Net Supply Chain Service Inc.

By: /s/ Huan Liu

Name: Huan Liu

Title: Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE

Name: Xing (Cindy) Tang

/s/ Xing (Cindy) Tang

Address:

[*]

[Signature Page to Indemnification Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ctnt-20250218.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ctnt-20250218_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ctnt-20250218_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41761

Entity Registrant Name Cheetah Net Supply Chain Service Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001951667

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-3509120

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NC

Entity Address, Address Line One 8707
Research Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Irvine

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92618

City Area Code 949

Local Phone Number 740-7799

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock

Trading Symbol CTNT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cheetah-net.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ctnt-20250218.xsd 
ctnt-20250218_lab.xml 
ctnt-20250218_pre.xml 
tm257207d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-016128-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm257207d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001951667 

2025-02-18 
2025-02-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001951667 
8-K 
2025-02-18 
Cheetah Net Supply Chain Service Inc. 
NC 
001-41761 
81-3509120 
8707 Research Drive 
Irvine 
CA 
92618 
949 
740-7799 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock 
CTNT 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>