<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001554795-25-000096.txt : 20250409
<SEC-HEADER>0001554795-25-000096.hdr.sgml : 20250409
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250409165629
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-25-000096
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250325
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250409
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250409

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMAZE HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001880343
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				873905007
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41147
		FILM NUMBER:		25825751

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2901 WEST COAST HWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92663
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-766-9463

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2901 WEST COAST HWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92663

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fresh Vine Wine, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211208

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FRESH GRAPES, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210826
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>amze0409form8ka1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K/A (AMENDMENT NO. 1)
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

true0001880343--12-31truetrue00018803432025-03-252025-03-25iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K/A

(Amendment
No. 1)

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March
25, 2025

AMAZE
HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-41147 87-3905007

(State or Other
Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

2901
West Coast Highway, Suite 200

Newport
Beach, CA92663

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(855)766-9463

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Fresh
Vine Wine, Inc.

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on

which registered

Common stock, par value
$0.001 per share AMZE NYSE American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE

Amaze Holdings, Inc. (formerly
Fresh Vine Wine, Inc.) (the Company) is filing this amendment (8-K Amendment) to the Current Report on Form
8-K filed on March 31, 2025 (the Original Filing). The Original Filing reported, among other things, the filing of a Certificate
of Designation of the Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock dated March 25, 2025 (the Certificate)
with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada. This 8-K Amendment amends the Original Filing solely to (i) correct a scriveners
error contained in the Original Filing under Item 1.01 and the Certificate filed as Exhibit 3.1 thereto with respect to the conversion
price of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (Series C Preferred Stock) and (ii) report that the Company has filed
with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada (x) a certificate of correction (Certificate of Correction) to the Certificate
to correct the scriveners error and (y) an Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations
of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (Amended and Restated Certificate), which reflects the correct conversion price.

Item 1.01
Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Securities
Purchase Agreement

Amaze
Holdings, Inc. (formerly Fresh Vine Wine, Inc.) (the Company) has entered into securities purchase agreements (the Series
C Purchase Agreement) with certain purchasers pursuant to which the Company has sold a total of 5,650 shares of Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Series C Preferred Stock), at a purchase price of $100.00 per share, plus
warrants (the Warrants) to purchase common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), at an exercise
price of $0.75, with 100% warrant coverage. The Company intends to use the proceeds for general corporate and working capital purposes.

The
Series C Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements of the Company, and indemnification obligations
of the Company. Pursuant to the Series C Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to file a resale registration statement with the Securities
and Exchange Commission to register the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock
and exercise of the Warrants. The representations and warranties set forth in the Series C Purchase Agreement have been made solely for
the benefit of the other parties to the Series C Purchase Agreement, and such representations and warranties should not be relied on by
any other person.

The
Company previously engaged The Oak Ridge Financial Services Group, Inc. to serve as a non-exclusive financial adviser to the Company in
connection with its capital raising activities. The Company has agreed to pay Oak Ridge a cash fee equal to 8.0% of the gross proceeds
received by the Company from the sale of the Series C Preferred Stock to investors introduced by Oak Ridge, and to reimburse Oak Ridge
for its out-of-pocket expenses.

Series
C Preferred Stock

On
March 25, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation of the of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Certificate) with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, designating 100,000 shares of preferred stock
as Series C Preferred Stock. On April 9, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate of Correction to the Certificate to correct a scriveners
error and, immediately after the filing of the Certificate of Correction, the Company filed an Amended and Restated Certificate with the
Secretary of State of the State of Nevada.

Stated
Value. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock has a stated value of $100.00 (the Stated Value).

Liquidation.
Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid, on
a par passu basis with holders of any parity securities, an amount equal to the Stated Value, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends, before
any distribution or payment will be made to the holders of junior securities, including Common Stock. Any remaining assets available for
distribution to stockholders will be distributed among the holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, holders of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock, holders of Series C Preferred Stock, holders of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and holders of Common Stock, pro
rata based on the number of shares held by each such holder on an as-if converted basis.

Dividends.
Holders of Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends (on an as-if converted basis) equal to and in the same form as dividends
actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock.

Conversion.
Each share of Series C Preferred Stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into the number of shares of Common
Stock (Conversion Shares) calculated by dividing the Stated Value by the conversion price (the Conversion Ratio),
subject to the limitations described below. The conversion price is equal to $0.50 per share and is subject to standard weighted average
anti-dilution protection.

Each
holder of Series C Preferred Stock is prohibited from converting shares of Series C Preferred Stock if, after giving effect to the issuance
of such Conversion Shares, such holder together with the holders affiliates would beneficially own more than 4.99% of the outstanding
Common Stock (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). A holder of Series C Preferred Stock may increase such Beneficial Ownership
Limitation to 9.99% upon notice to the Company.

Voting.
The Series C Preferred Stock will vote with the Common Stock as a single class on an as-converted basis on all matters submitted to a
vote of the Companys stockholders (taking into account the conversion limitations resulting from the Exchange Share Cap and the
Individual Holder Share Cap as described below). However, the Series C Preferred Stock is not entitled to vote on any proposal to approve
the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of Series C Preferred Stock in excess of the Exchange Share Cap or the Individual
Holder Share Cap, in each case as required by NYSE American rules. In addition, solely for purposes of determining voting rights (and
not the Conversion Ratio), the conversion price will be equal to the most recent closing sale price of the Common Stock as of the date
of execution and delivery of the Series C Purchase Agreement pursuant to which such share of Series C Preferred Stock was initially issued.

Exchange
Share Cap and Individual Holder Share Cap. The holders ability to convert Series C Preferred Stock will be subject to an Exchange
Share Cap and an Individual Holder Share Cap. Under the Exchange Share Cap, the total number of Conversion Shares
issuable upon conversion of outstanding Series C Preferred Stock, when added to all Conversion Shares previously issued upon prior conversions
of the Series C Preferred Stock, may not exceed 19.9% of the Companys issued and outstanding Common Stock as of the date of the
Series C Purchase Agreement. Under the Individual Holder Share Cap, the holder of Series C Preferred Stock may not acquire Conversion
Shares upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock if the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the converting holder
would result in such holder beneficially owning in excess of 19.9% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance. The Exchange Share Cap and the Individual Holder Share Cap will not apply if the Company obtains stockholder
approval to issue the shares of Common Stock in excess of the applicable cap as required by NYSE American LLC Company Guide Section 713.

Warrants

The
Warrants are immediately exercisable for shares of Common Stock at an exercise price is $0.75 per share. The exercise price is subject
to standard weighted average anti-dilution protection. The Warrants may not be exercised on a cashless basis. The Warrants will expire
on the 5th anniversary of the issuance date. A holder of the Warrant (together with the holders affiliates) may not exercise any
portion of the Warrant to the extent that the holder would own more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately after
exercise. The Company may not issue any shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant to the extent the issuance of such shares
would exceed the Exchange Cap (as defined in the Certificate).

The
foregoing description of the Series C Purchase Agreement, the Certificate of Correction, the Amended and Restated Certificate and the
Warrant are qualified in their entirety by the full text of the Series C Purchase Agreement, the Certificate of Correction, the Amended
and Restated Certificate and the Warrant, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 3.1, 3.2 and 10.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein
by reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference. The shares of Series C Preferred Stock, the Warrants and the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise of the Series C Preferred Stock and Warrants, as applicable, were offered and sold
in reliance upon exemptions from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering.

This Current Report
on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of these securities. The securities offered
and sold in the private placement will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be offered
or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements.

Item 5.03
Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Years.

The information set
forth under Series C Preferred Stock in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 

Certificate of Correction

3.2 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (Series C Preferred Stock) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2025)

10.2 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2025)

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AMAZE HOLDINGS, INC.

Date: April 9, 2025 By: /s/ Michael Pruitt

Michael Pruitt

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>amze0409form8ka1exh3_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>amze0409form8ka1exh3_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMAZE HOLDINGS, INC.

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES,

RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

OF

SERIES C CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

PURSUANT TO THE

NEVADA REVISED STATUTES

The undersigned, Michael Pruitt, does hereby certify that:

1.He is the Chief Executive Officer of Amaze Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Corporation).

2.The Corporation is authorized to issue 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock.

3.The following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board
of Directors): 

WHEREAS, the Articles of Incorporation of the
Corporation (the Articles of Incorporation) authorize the issuance of up to 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
par value $0.001 per share, of the Corporation in one or more series, the shares of each series to have such voting powers, and such designations,
preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and qualifications, limitations or restrictions as are specified
in resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issue thereof.

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Directors
to establish and fix the number of shares to be included in a new series of Preferred Stock, entitled Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock, and the designation, rights, preferences, and limitations of the shares of such new series.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board
of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of a series of Preferred Stock entitled Series C Convertible Preferred Stock,
and does hereby in this Certificate of Designation (this Certificate of Designation) establish and fix and herein
state and express the designation, rights, preferences, powers, restrictions, and limitations of such series of Preferred Stock as set
forth below:

TERMS OF PREFERRED STOCK

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Alternate Consideration
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

Business Day
means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Buy-In shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c)(iv).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the Corporations common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Corporation or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock,
including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion Amount
means the sum of the Stated Value of shares of Preferred Stock at issue.

Conversion Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Conversion Market Price
means the greater of (a) the Market Price on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Conversion Date, or (b) the Floor Price.

Conversion Price
means $0.50.

Conversion Shares
means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms
hereof.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents to employees, officers, directors, advisors or consultants
of the Corporation or an Subsidiaries thereof; provided, that such issuance is approved by a majority of the non-employee and disinterested
members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation; (b) shares of Common Stock, warrants or options to advisors or independent contractors
of the Corporation for compensatory purposes, (c) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any shares of Preferred
Stock and other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date
hereof , provided, that such securities have not been amended since the date hereof to increase the number of such securities or to decrease
the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities, (d) securities issuable pursuant to any contractual anti-dilution
obligations of the Corporation in effect as of the date hereof, provided, that such obligations have not been materially amended since
the date of hereof, (e) securities issued pursuant to any other strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested members
of the Board of Directors; provided, that such other strategic transactions shall not include a transaction in which the Corporation is
issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, and
(f) any securities of the Corporation which issuance has been approved by or consented to be considered as an Exempt Issuance by the holders
of at least a majority of the outstanding Preferred Shares.

Floor Price
means $0.05, subject to adjustment as provided herein.

Fundamental Transaction
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

Holder shall
have the meaning given such term in Section 2.

Junior Securities
means the Common Stock, the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation other
than those securities which are explicitly senior or pari passu to the Preferred Stock in liquidation preference.

Market Price
means the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on the applicable date.

Redemption
shall mean the Corporations option, in its discretion, to redeem (a) up to 75% of the issued and outstanding shares of Preferred
Stock for a price per share equal to 150% of the Stated Value thereof if such redemption occurs within six (6) months from the date of
issuance, and (b) up to 50% of the issued and outstanding shares of Preferred Stock for a price per share equal to 200% of the Stated
Value thereof if such redemption occurs after six (6) months but before the expiration of twelve (12) months from the date of issuance.

Notice of Conversion
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Original Issue Date
means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock regardless of the number of transfers of any particular shares
of Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued to evidence such Preferred Stock.

Parity Securities
means the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and any other class or series of capital stock of
the Corporation hereinafter created that expressly ranks pari passu with the Preferred Stock in liquidation preference.

Person means
an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred Shares
means share of Preferred Stock.

Preferred Stock
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Securities Purchase
Agreement means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement between the Corporation and purchaser listed therein, pursuant to
which the shares of Preferred Stock are being issued.

Senior Securities
means any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation hereinafter created that expressly ranks senior to the Preferred Stock in
liquidation preference.

Share Delivery Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Stated Value
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Successor Entity
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

Trading Day
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE, NYSE American, Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, (or any successors to any of the
foregoing).

Variable Rate Transaction
means a transaction in which a Person (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable
for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of common stock (including Common Stock) either (A) at a conversion price, exercise
price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of common
stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that
is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of such Person or the market for the common stock or (ii) enters into
any agreement, including an equity line of credit, whereby such Person may issue securities at a future determined price.

Section 2. Designation,
Amount and Par Value. The series of preferred stock shall be designated as its Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred
Stock) and the number of shares so designated shall be up to 100,000 (which shall not be subject to increase without the written
consent of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Preferred Shares (each, a Holder and collectively,
the Holders)). Each share of Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share and a stated value equal
to $100.00 (the Stated Value).

Section 3. Dividends. Except
for stock dividends or distributions for which adjustments are to be made pursuant to Section 7, Holders shall be entitled to receive,
and the Corporation shall pay, dividends on shares of Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis) to and in the
same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock.
No other dividends shall be paid on shares of Preferred Stock.

Section 4. Voting Rights.
Except as otherwise provided herein or as otherwise required by law, the Holders of Preferred Stock shall vote as a single class with
the holders of the Common Stock (and any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation that votes as a single class with the
holders of the Common Stock) on an as converted basis on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation
(taking into account, for the avoidance of doubt, the conversion restrictions in paragraphs 6(e) resulting from the Exchange Share Cap
and the Individual Holder Share Cap, if and as applicable); provided, however, that (i) the Preferred Stock is not entitled to vote on
any proposal to approve the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to this Certificate of Designation in excess of the Exchange Share Cap or
the Individual Holder Share Cap, in each case as required by the NYSE American LLC Company Guide (it being further acknowledged that Conversion
Shares outstanding on the record date for such approval, if any, will not be taken into account in tabulating the results of such vote),
and (ii) solely for purposes of determining the voting rights of the Holders of Preferred Stock under this Section 4 (and not for purposes
of determining the actual Conversion Ratio under Section 6), the Conversion Price with respect to each share of Preferred Stock shall
be equal to the most recent closing sale price of the Common Stock as of date of execution and delivery of the securities purchase agreement
pursuant to which such share of Preferred Stock was initially issued by the Company. As long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding,
the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote of the Holders of at least a majority of the of the then-outstanding shares of
the Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Preferred Stock or alter or amend this
Certificate of Designation, (b) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that materially adversely
affects any rights of the Holders, (c) increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock, or (d) enter into any agreement with
respect to any of the foregoing.

Section 5. Ranking; Liquidation.

(a)The Preferred Stock shall, with respect to distributions of assets and rights upon the occurrence
of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation (Liquidation), rank: (i) junior to the Senior Securities,
if any; (ii) pari passu with the Parity Securities; and (iii) senior to the Junior Securities. Upon any Liquidation, after the satisfaction
in full of the debts of the Corporation and payment of the liquidation preference to any Senior Securities, the Holders of Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to be paid, on a pari passu basis with the payment of any liquidation preference afforded to holders of any Parity Securities,
for each share of Preferred Stock held thereby, out of (but only to the extent) the assets of the Corporation are legally available for
distribution to its stockholders, an amount equal to the Stated Value (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations or
other recapitalizations of the Preferred Stock), plus any accrued but unpaid dividends, before any distribution or payment shall be made
to the holders of any Junior Securities. If the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to Holders of shares of Preferred
Stock shall be insufficient to permit payment in full to such Holders of the sums which such Holders are entitled to receive in such case
and of any liquidation preference afforded to holders of any Parity Securities, then all of the assets available for distribution to holders
of the Preferred Stock and the Parity Securities shall be distributed among and paid to such holders ratably in proportion to the amounts
that would be payable to such holders if such assets were sufficient to permit payment in full.

(b)After the Holders of all shares of Preferred Stock shall have been paid in full the amounts to which
they are entitled in pursuant to Section 5(a), the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders
shall be distributed among the holders of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, holders of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock, Holders of shares of Preferred Stock, holders of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and holders of Common Stock, pro
rata based on the number of shares held by each such holder, treating for this purpose all such Series A Convertible Preferred Stock,
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock as if they had been fully converted into
Common Stock disregarding for such purposes any conversion limitations hereunder) pursuant to the terms of the Series A Certificate of
Designation, the Series B Certificate of Designation, this Certificate of Designation and the Series D Certificate of Designation, as
applicable, each as in effect immediately prior to such Liquidation.

(c)All the preferential amounts to be paid to the Holders under this Section 5 shall be paid or set
apart for payment before the payment or setting apart for payment of any amount for, or the distribution of any Liquidation funds of the
Corporation to the holders of shares of Junior Stock in connection with a Liquidation as to which this Section 5 applies.

Section 6. Conversion. 

(a)Conversion at Option of Holder. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any
time and from time to time from and after the Original Issue Date at the option of the Holder thereof, into the number of shares of Common
Stock calculated by dividing the Stated Value by the Conversion Price (the Conversion Ratio) (subject to the limitations
set forth in Section 6(d) and Section 6(e)). Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion
notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice of Conversion). Each Notice of Conversion shall specify
the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue,
the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned subsequent to the conversion at issue and the date on which such conversion is to be effected,
which date may not be prior to the date the applicable Holder delivers by facsimile such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such
date, the Conversion Date). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall
be the date that such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required.
The calculations and entries set forth in the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. To
effect conversions of shares of Preferred Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender the certificate(s) representing the shares
of Preferred Stock to the Corporation unless all of the shares of Preferred Stock represented thereby are so converted, in which case
such Holder shall deliver the certificate representing such shares of Preferred Stock promptly following the Conversion Date at issue.
Shares of Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock or redeemed in accordance with the terms hereof shall be canceled and shall not
be reissued.

(b)[Reserved.]

(c)Mechanics of Conversion.

i.Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than two (2) Trading Days after each
Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date), the Corporation shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting
Holder the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock, which Converting Shares shall be issued
in book-entry form. The Corporation shall deliver the Conversion Shares electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another
established clearing corporation performing similar functions.

ii.Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion
Shares are not delivered to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect
by written notice to the Corporation at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which
event the Corporation shall promptly return to the Holder any original Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and the
Holder shall promptly return to the Corporation the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice.

iii.Obligation Absolute. The Corporations obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion
Shares upon conversion of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action
or inaction by a Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment
against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach
or alleged breach by such Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of law
by such Holder or any other person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation
to such Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a
waiver by the Corporation of any such action that the Corporation may have against such Holder. In the event a Holder shall elect to convert
any or all of the Stated Value of its Preferred Stock, the Corporation may not refuse conversion based on any claim that such Holder or
anyone associated or affiliated with such Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an
injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and/or enjoining conversion of all or part of the Preferred Stock of such Holder
shall have been sought and obtained, and the Corporation posts a surety bond for the benefit of such Holder in the amount of 100% of the
Stated Value of Preferred Stock which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation
of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to such Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence
of such injunction, the Corporation shall issue Conversion Shares and, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the
Corporation fails to deliver to a Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 6(c)(i) on the Share Delivery Date applicable to such
conversion, the Corporation shall pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $10,000 of Stated
Value of Preferred Stock being converted by such Holder, $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day
after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the first Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such
Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual
damages for the Corporations failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have
the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit a Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any
other Section hereof or under applicable law.

iv.Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In
addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Corporation fails for any reason to deliver to a Holder the applicable Conversion
Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 6(c)(i), and if after such Share Delivery Date such Holder is required by its brokerage
firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Holder of the Conversion Shares which such Holder was entitled to receive upon the
conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Corporation shall (A) pay in cash to such Holder
(in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by such Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) such Holders total
purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock that such Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price
at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option
of such Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the shares of Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Preferred Stock submitted
for conversion (in which case, such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued if the Corporation had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 6(c)(i). For example,
if a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion
of shares of Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions)
giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Corporation
shall be required to pay such Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Corporation written notice indicating the amounts payable to
such Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Corporation, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Corporations failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon
conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. On or after the date on which the Corporation
obtains the Requisite Stockholder Approval (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), the Corporation will at all times reserve
and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders
of the Preferred Stock), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall be issuable (taking into account the
adjustments and restrictions of Section 7) upon the conversion of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. If at any time the number
of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the
Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall take such corporate action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, engaging in reasonable
best efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval of any necessary amendment to the Articles of Incorporation. The Corporation
covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable.

vi.Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued
upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon
such conversion, the Corporation shall round up to the next whole share.

vii.Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Preferred
Stock shall be made without charge to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue
or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect
of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders
of such shares of Preferred Stock and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until
the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established
to the satisfaction of the Corporation that such tax has been paid. The Corporation shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day
processing of any Notice of Conversion and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing
similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

(d)Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The Corporation shall not effect any conversion of the Preferred
Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to
the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holders Affiliates, and any Persons
acting as a group together with such Holder or any of such Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties))
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination is being made, but
shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Preferred Stock
beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents)]subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Preferred Stock)
beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for
purposes of this Section 6(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 6(d) applies, the determination of
whether the Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of how many shares of Preferred Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission
of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be such Holders determination of whether the shares of Preferred Stock may be converted
(in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and how many shares of the
Preferred Stock are convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. In addition, a determination as to any group
status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 6(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Corporations most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Corporation or (iii) a more
recent written notice by the Corporation or the Corporations transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding. Upon the written or oral request (which may be via email) of a Holder, the Corporation shall within two Trading Days confirm
orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including the
Preferred Stock, by such Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock
held by the applicable Holder. A Holder, upon notice to the Corporation, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
in this Section 6(d), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Preferred Stock held
by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 6(d) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will
not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Corporation. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed
and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 6(d) to correct this paragraph (or any
portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes
or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply
to a successor holder of Preferred Stock.

(e)Compliance with Securities Laws and Principal Market Rules. 

i.Exchange Share Cap. Notwithstanding anything in this Certificate of Designation to the contrary,
if on any Conversion Date, the total number of Conversion Shares issuable upon any conversion of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock,
when added to all Conversion Shares previously issued upon prior conversions of Preferred Stock (if any) previously issued under Section
3 hereof, exceeds 19.9% of the Corporations issued and outstanding Common Stock as of the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Exchange Share Cap) (such excess, the Excess Conversion Shares), then (i) only shares of
Preferred Stock will be converted that results in the issuance of Conversion Shares that does not exceed the Exchange Share Cap (rounded
down to the nearest whole share). The limitation in this Section 6(e)(i) will not apply if the Corporation obtains stockholder approval
to issue the Excess Conversion Shares as required by the NYSE American LLC Company Guide, provided that such approval is in accordance
with NYSE Company Guide Section 713 (or its successor).

ii.Individual Holder Share Cap. Notwithstanding anything in this Certificate of Designation to
the contrary, no Holder shall have the right to acquire Conversion Shares upon conversion of Preferred Stock, and the Corporation shall
not be required or permitted to issue Conversion Shares to such Holder, in excess of such Holders Individual Holder Share Cap.
If on any Conversion Date, the total number of Conversion Shares issuable to a converting Holder would result in such Holder beneficially
owning in excess of 19.9% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of such
Conversion Shares (the Individual Holder Share Cap) (such excess, the Individual Excess Conversion Shares),
then only shares of Preferred Stock will be converted that results in the issuance of Conversion Shares that that will not result in such
Holder exceeding the applicable Individual Holder Share Cap. The limitation in this Section 6(e)(ii) will not apply if the Corporation
obtains stockholder approval to issue the Excess Conversion Shares as required by the NYSE American LLC Company Guide, provided that such
approval is in accordance with NYSE Company Guide Section 713 (or its successor). If the conversion limitation contained in this Section
6(e)(ii) applies, the determination of whether and the extent to which such limitation applies to a particular Holder shall be in the
discretion of such Holder, and the delivery of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of the extent
to which such Holders Preferred Stock may be converted. For purposes of this this Section 6(e)(ii), in determining the number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Corporations
most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public
announcement by the Corporation or (C) a more recent written notice by the Corporation or its transfer agent setting forth the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Corporation shall promptly confirm orally and
in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.

Section 7. Certain Adjustments.

(a)Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while the Preferred Stock
is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares
of Common Stock or any other Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued
by the Corporation upon conversion of, or payment of a dividend on, this Preferred Stock); (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a larger number of shares; (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into
a smaller number of shares; or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock
of the Corporation, then the Conversion Ratio shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(a)
shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification. 

(b) Adjustments to Preferred Stock Conversion Price for Diluting Issues.

i.Special Definitions. For purposes of this Section 7, the following definitions shall apply:

(A) Additional
Shares of Common Stock means all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Section 7(b)(iii) below, deemed to be issued)
by the Corporation after the Original Issue Date (as defined below), other than the following shares of Common Stock and shares of Common
Stock deemed issued pursuant to the following Options and Convertible Securities (collectively, Exempted Securities):

(1) as to any class
or series of Preferred Stock shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued as a dividend or distribution on such class
or series of Preferred Stock (including dividends payable in connection with dividends on other classes or series of stock);

(2) shares of Common
Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued by reason of a dividend, stock split, split-up or other distribution on shares of Common
Stock that is covered by Sections 7(a), 7(c), 7(d) and 7(e );

(3) shares of Common
Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued to banks, equipment lessors or other financial institutions, or to real property lessors,
pursuant to a debt financing, equipment leasing or real property leasing transaction approved by the Board of Directors;

(4) shares of Common
Stock or Options issued to employees or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries pursuant
to a plan, agreement or arrangement approved (i) prior to the Original Issue Date or (ii) by the Board of Directors

(5) shares of Common
Stock or Convertible Securities actually issued upon the exercise of Options or shares of Common Stock actually issued upon the conversion
or exchange of Convertible Securities, in each case provided such issuance is pursuant to the terms of such Option or Convertible Security;

(6) shares of Common
Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued to suppliers or third party service providers in connection with the provision of goods
or services pursuant to transactions approved by the Board of Directors;

(7) shares of Common
Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued as acquisition consideration pursuant to the acquisition of another corporation by the
Corporation by merger, purchase of substantially all of the assets or other reorganization or to a joint venture agreement, provided that
such issuances are approved by the Board of Directors; or

(8) shares of Common
Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued in connection with sponsored research, collaboration, technology license, development,
OEM, marketing or other similar agreements or strategic partnerships approved by the Requisite Directors.

(B) Convertible
Securities means any evidences of indebtedness, shares or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable
for Common Stock, but excluding Options.

(C) Option
means any rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

ii. No
Adjustment of Preferred Stock Conversion Price. No adjustment in the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock shall be made as the
result of the issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock if the Corporation receives written notice from the holders
of a majority of the then outstanding shares of such Preferred Stock, agreeing that no such adjustment shall be made as the result of
the issuance or deemed issuance of such Additional Shares of Common Stock.

iii.Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock.

(A) If
the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall issue any Options or Convertible Securities (excluding
Options or Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted Securities) or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders
of any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto, assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to exercisability, convertibility
or exchangeability but without regard to any provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the
exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date
shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date.

(B) If
the terms of any Option or Convertible Security, the issuance of which resulted in an adjustment to the Conversion Price of the Preferred
Stock pursuant to the terms of Section 7(b)(iv), are revised as a result of an amendment to such terms or any other adjustment pursuant
to the provisions of such Option or Convertible Security (but excluding automatic adjustments to such terms pursuant to anti-dilution
or similar provisions of such Option or Convertible Security) to provide for either (1) any increase or decrease in the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any such Option or Convertible Security or (2) any increase
or decrease in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, then, effective upon such
increase or decrease becoming effective, the Conversion Price of such Preferred Stock computed upon the original issue of such Option
or Convertible Security (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto) shall be readjusted to such Conversion Price for
such Preferred Stock as would have obtained had such revised terms been in effect upon the original date of issuance of such Option or
Convertible Security. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no readjustment pursuant to this Section 7(b)(iii) shall have the effect of increasing
the Conversion Price applicable to the Preferred Stock to an amount which exceeds the lower of (i) the Conversion Price for such Preferred
Stock in effect immediately prior to the original adjustment made as a result of the issuance of such Option or Convertible Security,
or (ii) the Conversion Price for such Preferred Stock that would have resulted from any issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock
(other than deemed issuances of Additional Shares of Common Stock as a result of the issuance of such Option or Convertible Security)
between the original adjustment date and such readjustment date.

(C) If
the terms of any Option or Convertible Security (excluding Options or Convertible Securities which are themselves Exempted Securities),
the issuance of which did not result in an adjustment to the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms of Section
7(b)(iv) (either because the consideration per share (determined pursuant to Section 7(b)(v)) of the Additional Shares of Common Stock
subject thereto was equal to or greater than the applicable Conversion Price then in effect, or because such Option or Convertible Security
was issued before the Original Issue Date), are revised after the Original Issue Date as a result of an amendment to such terms or any
other adjustment pursuant to the provisions of such Option or Convertible Security (but excluding automatic adjustments to such terms
pursuant to anti-dilution or similar provisions of such Option or Convertible Security) to provide for either (1) any increase in the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of any such Option or Convertible Security or (2)
any decrease in the consideration payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion or exchange, then such Option or Convertible
Security, as so amended or adjusted, and the Additional Shares of Common Stock subject thereto determined in the manner provided in Section7(b)(iii)(A)
shall be deemed to have been issued effective upon such increase or decrease becoming effective.

(D) Upon
the expiration or termination of any unexercised Option or unconverted or unexchanged Convertible Security (or portion thereof) which
resulted (either upon its original issuance or upon a revision of its terms) in an adjustment to the Conversion Price of the Preferred
Stock pursuant to the terms of Section 7(b)(iv), the Conversion Price of such Preferred Stock shall be readjusted to such Conversion Price
for such Preferred Stock as would have obtained had such Option or Convertible Security (or portion thereof) never been issued.

(E) If
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any Option or Convertible Security, or
the consideration payable to the Corporation upon such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, is calculable at the time such Option or
Convertible Security is issued or amended but is potentially subject to adjustment based upon subsequent events, any adjustment to the
Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock provided for in this Section 7(b)(iii) shall be effected at the time of such issuance or amendment
based on such number of shares or amount of consideration without regard to any provisions for subsequent adjustments (and any subsequent
adjustments shall be treated as provided in clauses (B) and (C) of this Section 7(b)(iii)). If the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of any Option or Convertible Security, or the consideration payable to the Corporation upon
such exercise, conversion and/or exchange, cannot be calculated at all at the time such Option or Convertible Security is issued or amended,
any adjustment to the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock that would result under the terms of this Section 7(b)(iii) at the time
of such issuance or amendment shall instead be effected at the time such number of shares and/or amount of consideration is first calculable
(even if subject to subsequent adjustments), assuming for purposes of calculating such adjustment to the Conversion Price for such Preferred
Stock that such issuance or amendment took place at the time such calculation can first be made. In the event an Option or Convertible
Security contains alternative conversion terms, such as a cap on the valuation of the Corporation at which such conversion will be effected,
or circumstances where the Option or Convertible Security may be repaid in lieu of conversion, then the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise, conversion and/or exchange of such Option or Convertible Security shall be deemed not calculable until such
time as the applicable conversion terms are determined.

iv.Adjustment of Conversion Price Upon Issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock. In the
event the Corporation shall at any time after the Original Issue Date issue Additional Shares of Common Stock (including Additional Shares
of Common Stock deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 7(b)(iii)), without consideration or for a consideration per share less than the
Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such issuance or deemed issuance, then the Conversion Price for
such Preferred Stock shall be reduced, concurrently with such issue, to a price (calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent) determined
in accordance with the following formula:

CP2 = CP1* (A + B) / (A + C).

For purposes of the foregoing formula, the
following definitions shall apply:

CP2 shall mean the Conversion
Price of the Preferred Stock in effect immediately after such issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock.

CP1
shall mean the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to such issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares
of Common Stock;

A shall
mean the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or deemed issuance of Additional Shares of Common
Stock (treating for this purpose as outstanding all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Options outstanding immediately prior
to such issuance or deemed issuance or upon conversion or exchange of Convertible Securities (including the Preferred Stock) outstanding
(assuming exercise of any outstanding Options therefor) immediately prior to such issue);

B shall mean the number of
shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if such Additional Shares of Common Stock had been issued or deemed issued at a price
per share equal to CP1 (determined by dividing the aggregate consideration received by the Corporation in respect of such issue by CP1);
and

C shall mean the number of
such Additional Shares of Common Stock issued in such transaction.

v.Determination of Consideration. For purposes of this Section 7(b), the consideration received
by the Corporation for the issuance or deemed issuance of any Additional Shares of Common Stock shall be computed as follows:

(A) Cash
and Property. Such consideration shall:

(1) insofar
as it consists of cash, be computed at the aggregate amount of cash received by the Corporation, excluding amounts paid or payable for
accrued interest;

(2) insofar
as it consists of property other than cash, be computed at the fair market value thereof at the time of such issue, as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors; and

(3) in
the event Additional Shares of Common Stock are issued together with other shares or securities or other assets of the Corporation for
consideration which covers both, be the proportion of such consideration so received, computed as provided in clauses (i) and (ii) above,
as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(B) Options
and Convertible Securities. The consideration per share received by the Corporation for Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to
have been issued pursuant to Section 7(b)(iii), relating to Options and Convertible Securities, shall be determined by dividing:

(1) The
total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Corporation as consideration for the issue of such Options or Convertible Securities,
plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any
provision contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such consideration) payable to the Corporation upon the exercise of such Options
or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such
Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, by

(2) the
maximum number of shares of Common Stock (as set forth in the instruments relating thereto, without regard to any provision contained
therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) issuable upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible
Securities, or in the case of Options for Convertible Securities, the exercise of such Options for Convertible Securities and the conversion
or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

vi.Multiple Closing Dates. In the event the Corporation shall issue on more than one date Additional
Shares of Common Stock that are a part of one transaction or a series of related transactions and that would result in an adjustment to
the Conversion Price of the Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms of Section 7(b)(iv), and such issuance dates occur within a period of
no more than 180 days from the first such issuance to the final such issuance, then, upon the final such issuance, the Conversion Price
for the Preferred Stock shall be readjusted to give effect to all such issuances as if they occurred on the date of the first such issuance
(and without giving effect to any additional adjustments as a result of any such subsequent issuances within such period).

(c)Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7(a) above,
if at any time the Corporation grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities
or other property pro rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights),
then the Holder of will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which
the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such
Holders Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no
such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale
of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase
Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such
Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(d)Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation
shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common
Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property
or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction)
(a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Preferred Stock, then, in each such case, the Holder shall
be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held
the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on
conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is
taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to
be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate
in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled
to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution
to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever,
as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(e)Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding, (i) the
Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or
into another Person, (ii) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance
or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect,
purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Corporation or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of
Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the
holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Corporation, directly or
indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including,
without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person
acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or
other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of
this Preferred Stock, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion
immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion
of this Preferred Stock), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Corporation, if it
is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Preferred Stock is convertible immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion of this Preferred Stock). For
purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Ratio shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Corporation shall apportion the Conversion Ratio among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative
value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities,
cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any conversion of this Preferred Stock following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate
the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Corporation or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall file a new Certificate
of Designation with the same terms and conditions and issue to the Holders new preferred stock consistent with the foregoing provisions
and evidencing the Holders right to convert such preferred stock into Alternate Consideration. The Corporation shall cause any
successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Corporation is not the survivor (the Successor Entity)
to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation in accordance with the provisions
of this Section pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder
(without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Preferred Stock, deliver
to the Holder in exchange for this Preferred Stock a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Preferred Stock which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such
Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Preferred
Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a
conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value
of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares
of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Preferred Stock immediately
prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder.
Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and
after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designation referring to the Corporation
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Corporation and shall assume all of the obligations
of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Corporation
herein. 

(f)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made to the nearest cent or the
nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued
and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation)
issued and outstanding.

(g) Notice to the Holders. 

i.Adjustment to Conversion Ratio. Whenever the Conversion Ratio is adjusted pursuant to any
provision of this Section 7, the Corporation shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Ratio after such
adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or
any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on
or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Corporation shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or
warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders
of the Corporation shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which
the Corporation is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or any compulsory share
exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary
or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, then, in each case, the Corporation shall cause
to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered
to each Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, at least ten (10) calendar days prior to
the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the
purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders
of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y)
the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close,
and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common
Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange,
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Corporation or any of the subsidiaries, the Corporation shall simultaneously file such notice with
the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert the Conversion Amount of this Preferred
Stock (or any part hereof) during the 10-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering
such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 8. Optional Redemption.
The Corporation may effect a Redemption of shares of Preferred Stock at any time prior to the expiration of twelve (12) months from the
date of issuance on ten days written notice. Prior to any such Redemption, the Holders of shares subject to such Redemption may convert
their shares of Preferred Stock on the terms set forth in Section 6, subject to the restrictions on conversions set forth in such Section
6.

Section 9. Miscellaneous.

(a)Noncircumvention. The Corporation hereby covenants and agrees that the Corporation will not,
by amendment of its Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme
of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance
of any of the terms of this Certificate of Designations, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Certificate
of Designations and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
or any other provision of this Certificate of Designations, the Corporation (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common
Stock receivable upon the conversion of any Preferred Stock above the Conversion Rate then in effect and (b) shall take all such actions
as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of
Common Stock upon the conversion of Preferred Stock.

(b)Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders
hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent
by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Corporation, at P.O. Box 78984, Charlotte, NC 28271; Attention:
Chief Executive Officer; or address as the Corporation may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders delivered in accordance
with this Section 9. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Corporation hereunder shall be in
writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder
at the facsimile number or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Corporation. Any notice or other communication or deliveries
hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (Eastern Time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day
after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this Section
on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (Eastern Time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the
date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such
notice is required to be given.

(c)Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate
of Designation shall alter or impair the obligation of the Corporation, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay liquidated damages
and accrued dividends, as applicable, on the shares of Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein
prescribed.

(d)Lost or Mutilated Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holders Preferred Stock certificate
shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation
of a mutilated certificate, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares
of Preferred Stock so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such
certificate, and of the ownership hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation.

(e)Governing Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction. This Certificate of Designation shall be construed
and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Certificate
of Designation shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict
of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Nevada or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any
jurisdictions other than the State of Nevada. Except as otherwise required by this Certificate of Designation, the Corporation hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the state of Nevada, for the adjudication
of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of
any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding
is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed or operate to preclude any Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Corporation in any other
jurisdiction to collect on the Corporations obligations to such Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for
such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of such Holder. The Corporation hereby irrevocably waives any
right it may have to, and agrees not to request, a jury trial for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection with or arising
out of this Certificate of Designation or any transaction contemplated hereby.

(f)Waiver. Any of the rights, powers, preferences and other terms of the Preferred Stock set
forth herein may be waived on behalf of all holders of Preferred Stock by the affirmative written consent or vote of the holders of at
least of at least a majority of the Preferred Shares then outstanding. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision
of this Certificate of Designation shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any
breach of any other provision of this Certificate of Designation or, except as provided in the immediately preceding sentence, a waiver
by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designation
on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder) of the right thereafter to insist
upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designation on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation
or a Holder must be in writing.

(g)Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designations is prohibited by law or
otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity
or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Certificate of Designations so
long as this Certificate of Designations as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the
parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does
not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits
that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid
or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid
or unenforceable provision(s).

(h)Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day
other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

(i)Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part
of this Certificate of Designation and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(j)Status of Converted or Redeemed Preferred Stock. If any shares of Preferred Stock shall be
converted, redeemed or reacquired by the Corporation, such shares shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred
stock and shall no longer be designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock.

(k)Form of Security. The Preferred Stock shall be issued as book-entry securities directly registered
in the Holders name on the Corporations books and records or, if requested by any Holder of the Preferred Stock, such Holders
shares may be issued in certificated form.

(l)Payment of Collection, Enforcement and Other Costs. If (a) any Preferred Shares are placed
in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or a Holder otherwise
takes action to collect amounts due under this Certificate of Designations with respect to the Preferred Shares or to enforce the provisions
of this Certificate of Designations; or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Corporation or other proceedings
affecting Corporation creditors rights and involving a claim under this Certificate of Designations, then the Corporation shall
pay the costs incurred by such Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization,
receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements.

(m)Vote to Change the Terms of or Issue Preferred Shares. In addition to any other rights provided
by law, except where the vote or written consent of the holders of a greater number of shares is required by law or by another provision
of the Articles of Incorporation, without first obtaining the affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose or the written
consent without a meeting of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Preferred Shares (the Required Holders),
voting together as a single class, the Corporation shall not: (a) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to, its Articles
of Incorporation or Bylaws, or file any certificate of designations or articles of amendment of any series of shares of preferred stock,
if such action would adversely alter or change in any respect the preferences, rights, privileges or powers, or restrictions provided
for the benefit, of the Preferred Shares, regardless of whether any such action shall be by means of amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
or by merger, consolidation or otherwise; (b) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the authorized number of Preferred Shares;
(c) create or authorize (by reclassification or otherwise) any new class or series of shares that has a preference over or is on a parity
with the Preferred Shares with respect to the distribution of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation;
(d) purchase, repurchase or redeem any shares of capital stock of the Corporation junior in rank to the Preferred Shares (other than pursuant
to equity incentive agreements (that have in good faith been approved by the Board of Directors) with employees giving the Corporation
the right to repurchase shares upon the termination of services); (e) without limiting any provision of Section 2, pay dividends or make
any other distribution on any shares of any capital stock of the Corporation junior in rank to the Preferred Shares; or (f) whether or
not prohibited by the terms of the Preferred Shares, circumvent a right of the Preferred Shares.

(n)Amendment. This Certificate of Designations or any provision hereof may be amended by obtaining
the affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose, or written consent without a meeting in accordance with the Nevada Revised
Statutes, of the Required Holders, voting separate as a single class, and with such other stockholder approval, if any, as may then be
required pursuant to the Nevada Revised Statutes and the Certificate of Incorporation.

(o)Transfer of Preferred Shares. A Holder may transfer some or all of its Preferred Shares without
the consent of the Corporation, subject to compliance with applicable securities laws.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation
has caused this Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Amaze Holdings,
Inc. to be signed by its Chief Executive Officer on this 8th day of April, 2025.

/s/ Michael D. Pruitt 

Name: Michael D. Pruitt

Title: Chief Executive Officer

ANNEX A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

(TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER

IN ORDER TO CONVERT SHARES OF PREFERRED STOCK)

The undersigned hereby elects to convert the number
of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock indicated below into shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common
Stock), of AMAZE HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Corporation), according to the conditions hereof,
as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned
will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto. No fee will be charged to the Holders for any conversion, except for any such
transfer taxes.

Conversion calculations:

Date to Effect Conversion: _______________________________________________________________

Number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to
Conversion: _________________________________

Number of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted:
__________________________________________

Stated Value of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted:
______________________________________

Number of shares of Common Stock to be Issued: _____________________________________________

Applicable Conversion Price: _____________________________________________________________

Number of shares of Preferred Stock owned subsequent
to Conversion: ____________________________

Address for Delivery: ___________________________________________________________________

OR

DWAC Instructions (if eligible for DWAC):

Broker no: ___________________________

Account no: __________________________

[HOLDER]

By: ________________________________

Name: ______________________________

Title: _______________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>vine-20250325.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>vine-20250325_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>vine-20250325_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>exh31_01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>exh32_01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 25, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K/A

Amendment Flag true

Amendment Description EXPLANATORY NOTE

Document Period End Date Mar. 25, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-41147

Entity Registrant Name AMAZE
HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001880343

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-3905007

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 2901
West Coast Highway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 200

Entity Address, City or Town Newport
Beach

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92663

City Area Code (855)

Local Phone Number 766-9463

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value
$0.001 per share

Trading Symbol AMZE

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name Fresh
Vine Wine, Inc.

X

- Definition

Description of changes contained within amended document.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentDescription

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
27 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://VINE/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

amze0409form8ka1.htm 
vine-20250325.xsd 
vine-20250325_lab.xml 
vine-20250325_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001554795-25-000096-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>amze0409form8ka1_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001880343 

2025-03-25 
2025-03-25 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

true 
0001880343 
--12-31 
true 
true 
8-K/A 
2025-03-25 
AMAZE HOLDINGS, INC. 
NV 
001-41147 
87-3905007 
2901 West Coast Highway 
Suite 200 
Newport Beach 
CA 
92663 
(855) 
766-9463 
Fresh Vine Wine, Inc. 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.001 per share 
AMZE 
NYSEAMER 
false 
EXPLANATORY NOTE
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>