<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-004795.txt : 20250204
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-004795.hdr.sgml : 20250204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250204092445
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-004795
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250130
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STRYVE FOODS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001691936
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				871760117
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38785
		FILM NUMBER:		25585686

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5801 TENNYSON PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 275
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-565-3861

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5801 TENNYSON PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 275
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Andina Acquisition Corp. III
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161208
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000169193600016919362025-01-302025-01-300001691936SNAX:ClassCommonStockMember2025-01-302025-01-300001691936SNAX:WarrantsEachExercisableForClassCommonStockMember2025-01-302025-01-30iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

Current
Report

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 30, 2025

STRYVE
FOODS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38785 87-1760117

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
Number)

Post
Office Box 864

Frisco,
TX 75034

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (972)987-5130

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class
A Common Stock SNAX The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants,
each exercisable for Class A Common Stock SNAXW The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 30, 2025, Stryve Foods, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Stock Purchase
Agreement) between the Company and the purchasers thereto (including certain related parties). Pursuant to the Stock Purchase
Agreement, the purchasers acquired from the Company 877,878 shares of newly created Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par
value $0.0001 per share (the Convertible Preferred Stock), for an aggregate purchase price of $9.4 million, which
was paid by the purchasers with principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under outstanding promissory interests and other outstanding
indebtedness. The aggregate purchase price includes $3.0 million with related parties of which $2.7 million was from Christopher
Boever, our Chief Executive Officer.

The
Convertible Preferred Stock will be convertible into the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share
(Common Stock), at an initial conversion price of $0.7599 per share (the Conversion Price), which is
approximately 12,375,317 shares of Common Stock. The Conversion Price is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments,
including in the event of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or similar events. The shares of Convertible Preferred
Stock were issued pursuant to a Certificate of Designations filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and were sold
in reliance on the exemption from registration provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act).

The
Convertible Preferred Stock has the following terms:

Ranking
and Dividend

The
Convertible Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Companys common stock with respect to dividends and distributions of assets upon
the Companys liquidation, dissolution or winding up. The Convertible Preferred Stock has an initial value of $10.7122 per share
(the Stated Value). Dividends will accrue on the Stated Value thereof plus all unpaid accrued and accumulated dividends
thereon of each share of Convertible Preferred Stock at a rate of 12% per annum. All accrued dividends on any Convertible Preferred Stock
shall be paid, at the election of the Company either in (i) in cash or (ii) additional shares of Convertible Preferred Stock, only when,
as and if declared by the Board out of funds legally available therefor or upon a liquidation.

Liquidation
Preference

Upon
a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, each holder
of shares of Convertible Preferred Stock (Holder) will be entitled to receive, with respect to each share of then-outstanding
Convertible Preferred Stock, out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders an amount in cash equal
to the greater of an amount in cash equal to the greater of (i) the aggregate Stated Value of all Convertible Preferred Stock held by
such Holder, plus all unpaid accrued and accumulated dividends on all such Convertible Preferred Stock (whether or not declared) and
(ii) the amount that such Holder would have received with respect to such share of Convertible Preferred Stock based on its Stated Value
if all shares of Convertible Preferred Stock had been converted at their Stated Value, plus all unpaid accrued and accumulated dividends
on all such Convertible Preferred Stock (whether or not declared) into shares of Class A common stock immediately prior to the liquidation

Optional
Conversion

Each
share of Convertible Preferred Stock will be convertible, at the option of the respective Holder, from time to time after the six (6)
month anniversary of the initial issue date determined by dividing the Stated Value (plus the amount of any accrued and unpaid dividends)
of such share of Convertible Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price. No Holder of Convertible Preferred Stock may convert into 9.99%
of the Companys then outstanding shares of common stock during any six month period.

A
Holder (together with its affiliates) may not convert any portion of such Holders Convertible Preferred Stock to the extent that
the Holder would own more than 9.99% (or 4.99%, at the Holders election) of the Companys outstanding Class A common stock
immediately after conversion; except that for any Holder who beneficially owned more than 9.99% of the Companys outstanding Class
A common stock immediately prior to the issuance of the Convertible Preferred Stock, this limit is 19.99% instead of 9.99%.

Mandatory
Conversion

If,
through one or a series of transactions during the first nine (9) months after the initial issue date, the Company receives gross proceeds
of $6.0 million or more from the sale of its Class A common stock (or common stock equivalents) at an average price per share not less
than the Conversion Price, then the Company, at its Companys option, shall have the right to automatically (without any action
on behalf of the Holder) convert all or a portion of the Convertible Preferred Stock into that number of shares of Class A common stock
determined by dividing the Stated Value (plus the amount of any accrued and unpaid dividends) by the Conversion Price

Voting

Except
as required by applicable law, each share of Convertible Preferred Stock will have the right to vote together as a single class with
the holders of the common stock on each matter submitted for a vote or consent by the holders of the common stock. In no event shall
(i) the aggregate voting power of the Convertible Preferred Stock exceed 19.99% of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company
as of the initial issue date without stockholder approval or (ii) any Holder have the right to vote shares of Convertible Preferred Stock
to the extent the voting of such shares, when combined with shares of common stock beneficially owned, is in excess of 19.99% of the
combined voting power. In addition, as long as any shares of Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, without
the affirmative vote of the Holders of 66% or more of the then outstanding shares of the Convertible Preferred Stock, alter or change
adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Convertible Preferred Stock.

Sale
of the Company

If,
at any time while shares of Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company effects any merger or consolidation, sale or other
disposition of all or substantially all of its assets or other similar business combination (but excluding any financing transaction
or business acquisitions) (a Sale Transaction), then the Holder shall have the right to receive an amount in cash equal
to the greater of (i) the aggregate Stated Value of all Convertible Preferred Stock held by such holder, plus all unpaid accrued and
accumulated dividends on all such Convertible Preferred Stock (whether or not declared) and (ii) the amount that such Holder would have
received with respect to such share of Convertible Preferred Stock based on its Stated Value if all shares of Convertible Preferred Stock
had been converted at their Stated Value, plus all unpaid accrued and accumulated dividends on all such Convertible Preferred Stock (whether
or not declared), into shares of Class A common stock immediately prior to the Sale Transaction. If holders of common stock are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Sale Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice
as to the consideration it receives upon such Sale Transaction.

Optional
Redemption

On
or after the second anniversary of the initial issue date, the Company may redeem all or any portion of the Convertible Preferred Stock
at a cash redemption price equal to 102% of the Stated Value per share plus all unpaid accrued and accumulated dividends on all such
Convertible Preferred Stock (whether or not declared).

The
foregoing description of the form of Securities Purchase Agreement and the Certificate of Designations of the Companys Convertible
Preferred Stock do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the form of Securities Purchase Agreement
and Certificate of Designations, which is are filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 10.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are
incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

Stryve
Foods, Inc. (the Company) has successfully extended the maturity and amended $761,422 in principal amount of an
unsecured promissory note (the Note) to a related party. The maturity of the Note has been extended from December 23,
2024 to December 31, 2025.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

Item
3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The
information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

Item
5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The
information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Item
9.01(d) Financial Statements and Exhibits.

4.1. Certificate of Designations with respect to Convertible Preferred Stock.

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
February 3, 2025

STRYVE
FOODS, INC.

By: /s/
R. Alex Hawkins

Name: R.
Alex Hawkins

Title: Chief
Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

STRYVE
FOODS, INC.

STATEMENT
OF PREFERENCES, RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

OF

SERIES
A-1 PREFERRED STOCK

Section
1. Definitions. For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(e).

Board
means the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Certificate
of Designations means this Certificate of Designations, as amended or supplemented from time to time.

Class
A Common Stock means the Corporations Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and stock of any other class
of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Close
of Business means 5:00 p.m., Central time.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the Corporations common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Corporation or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
or Corporation means Stryve Foods, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

1

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in
accordance with the terms hereof.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Holder
means a record holder of a share of Preferred Stock.

Liquidation
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.

Mandatory
Redemption shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(a)(i).

Mandatory
Redemption Date means the date fixed, pursuant to Section 8(a)(iii), for the settlement of the redemption of the Preferred
Stock by the Company pursuant to a Redemption.

Mandatory
Redemption Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 8(a)(v).

Mandatory
Redemption Notice Date means, with respect to a Mandatory Redemption of the Preferred Stock, the date on which the Company
sends the related Mandatory Redemption Notice pursuant to Section 8(a)(v).

Mandatory
Redemption Price means the consideration payable by the Company to redeem any Preferred Stock upon its Redemption, calculated
pursuant to Section 8(a)(iv).

Mandatory
Redemption Price Premium means 102%.

Notice
of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Original
Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock regardless of the number of transfers
of any particular shares of Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued to evidence such Preferred
Stock.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Purchase
Agreement means Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2025, among the Corporation and the Holders, as amended, modified
or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Redemption
means a Mandatory Redemption.

2

Sale
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.

Securities
means the Preferred Stock and the Underlying Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

Stated
Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2 (subject to proportionate adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Corporation and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Corporation
formed or acquired after the date of the Purchase Agreement.

Texas
Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(d).

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Certificate of Designations and the Purchase Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto
and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Underlying
Shares means the shares of Class A Common Stock issued and issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock.

Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary of a Person means any Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding capital stock or other ownership interests
of which (other than directors qualifying shares) are owned by such Person or one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person.

Section
2. Designation, Amount and Par Value. The series of preferred stock shall be designated as its Series A-1 Preferred Stock (the Preferred
Stock) and the number of shares so designated shall be up to 935,000. Each share of Preferred Stock shall have a par value
of $0.0001 per share and a stated value equal to $10.7122 (subject to proportionate adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits and
similar transactions) (the Stated Value).

3

Section
3. Dividends.

(a) Accrual
and Payment of Dividends. From and after the Date of Issuance of any Preferred Stock,
cumulative dividends on such Preferred Stock shall accrue, whether or not declared by the
Board and whether or not there are funds legally available for the payment of dividends,
on a daily basis in arrears at the rate of 12% per annum on the sum of the Stated Value thereof
plus all unpaid accrued and accumulated dividends thereon. All accrued dividends on any Preferred
Stock shall be paid, at the election of the Company either in (i) in cash or (ii) additional
shares of Preferred Stock, only when, as and if declared by the Board out of funds legally
available therefor or upon a liquidation or redemption of the Preferred Stock in accordance
with the provisions of Section 5 and Section 8. All accrued and accumulated dividends on
the Shares shall be prior and in preference to any dividend on any Common Stock and shall
be fully declared and paid before any dividends are declared and paid, or any other distributions
or redemptions are made, on any Common Stock, other than to (a) declare or pay any dividend
or distribution payable on the Common Stock in shares of Common Stock or (b) repurchase Common
Stock held by employees or consultants of the Corporation upon termination of their employment
or services pursuant to agreements providing for such repurchase.

(b) Partial
Dividend Payments. Except as otherwise provided herein, if at any time the Corporation
pays less than the total amount of dividends then accrued and accumulated with respect to
the Preferred Stock, such payment shall be distributed pro rata among the holders thereof
based upon the aggregate accrued and accumulated but unpaid dividends on the Shares held
by each such holder.

(c) In
the event that any dividends are paid on the Common Stock, each share of Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to the same dividend as paid on each share of Common Stock.

Section
4. Voting Rights; Limitations. Except as required by applicable law, each share of Preferred Stock will have the right to vote together
as a single class with the holders of the Common Stock on each matter submitted for a vote or consent by the holders of the Common Stock.
Each share of Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote on all such matters (subject to adjustment for stock splits and similar events).
In no event shall (i) the aggregate voting power of the Preferred Stock exceed 19.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the
Company as of the Original Issue Date without stockholder approval or (ii) any Holder have the right to vote shares of Preferred Stock
to the extent the voting of such shares of Preferred Stock, when combined with shares of Common Stock beneficially owned, is in excess
of 19.99% of the combined voting power of the Preferred Stock and Common Stock. In addition, as long as any shares of Preferred Stock
are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote of the Holders of 66% or more of the then outstanding shares
of the Preferred Stock, alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Preferred Stock or alter or amend this
Certificate of Designations, or (b) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

4

Section
5. Liquidation. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation),
the Holders shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Corporation available for distribution
to its stockholders, before any payment shall be made to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount
in cash equal to the greater of (i) the aggregate Stated Value of all Preferred Stock held by such holder, plus all unpaid accrued and
accumulated dividends on all such Preferred Stock (whether or not declared) and (ii) the amount that such Holder would have received
with respect to such share of Preferred Stock based on its Stated Value if all shares of Preferred Stock had been converted at their
Stated Value, plus all unpaid accrued and accumulated dividends on all such Preferred Stock (whether or not declared) (regardless of
whether they were actually converted and without regard to any limitations on convertibility or to whether sufficient shares of Class
A Common Stock are available out of the Companys authorized but unissued stock for the purpose of effecting such conversion) into
shares of Class A Common Stock immediately prior to the Liquidation. The Corporation shall mail written notice of any such Liquidation,
not less than 45 days prior to the payment date stated therein, to each Holder. For avoidance of doubt, a Sale Transaction shall not
be considered a Liquidation.

Section
6. Conversion.

(a) Conversions
at Option of Holder. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time
and from time to time from and after the six (6) month anniversary of the Original Issue
Date at the option of the Holder thereof, into that number of shares of Class A Common Stock
(subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6) determined by dividing the Stated Value
(plus the amount of any accrued and unpaid dividends) of such share of Preferred Stock by
the Conversion Price. Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Corporation with
the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice of Conversion).
Each Notice of Conversion shall specify the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be converted,
the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue, the number
of shares of Preferred Stock owned subsequent to the conversion at issue and the date on
which such conversion is to be effected, which date may not be prior to the date the applicable
Holder delivers by facsimile such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such date, the
Conversion Date). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of
Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation
is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor
shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice
of Conversion form be required. The calculations and entries set forth in the Notice of Conversion
shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. To effect conversions of
shares of Preferred Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender the certificate(s)
(if any) representing the shares of Preferred Stock to the Corporation unless all of the
shares of Preferred Stock represented thereby are so converted, in which case such Holder
shall deliver the certificate representing (if any) such shares of Preferred Stock promptly
following the Conversion Date at issue. Shares of Preferred Stock converted into Class A
Common Stock or redeemed in accordance with the terms hereof shall be canceled and shall
not be reissued. For the avoidance of doubt, a Holder may elect to convert any or all of
its shares of Preferred Stock at any time after receiving a Mandatory Redemption Notice pursuant
to Section 8(a)(v), provided that such Holder delivers a Notice of Conversion before the
Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before the applicable Mandatory Redemption
Date (or, if the Company fails to pay the Mandatory Redemption Price due on such Mandatory
Redemption Date in full, at any time until such time as the Company pays such Mandatory Redemption
Price in full).

5

(b) Automatic
Conversions at Option of the Company. If, through one or a series of transactions during
the first nine (9) months after the Original Issue Date, the Company receives gross proceeds
of $6.0 million or more from the sale of its Class A Common Stock (or common stock equivalents)
at an average price per share not less than the Conversion Price, then the Company, at its
Companys option, shall have the right to automatically (without any action on behalf
of the Holder) convert all or a portion of the Preferred Stock into that number of shares
of Class A Common Stock (without regard to any of the limitations set forth herein or in
Section 6) determined by dividing the Stated Value (plus the amount of any accrued and unpaid
dividends) of such share of Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price. The Company shall effect
conversions by providing the Holder with the Notice of Conversion, which shall specify the
number of shares of Preferred Stock that have been converted, the number of shares of Preferred
Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned
subsequent to the conversion at issue (if any) and the date on which such conversion was
effected. The calculations and entries set forth in the Notice of Conversion shall control
in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. Shares of Preferred Stock converted into
Class A Common Stock or redeemed in accordance with the terms hereof shall be canceled and
shall not be reissued.

(c) Conversion
Price. The conversion price for the Preferred Stock shall equal $0.7599, subject to adjustment
herein (the Conversion Price). No holder of Preferred Stock may convert
into 9.99% of the Companys then outstanding shares of Common Stock during any six
month period.

(d) Mechanics
of Conversion

(i) Delivery
of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading
Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
below) after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date), the Corporation
shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting Holder (A) Conversion Shares representing
the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock,
and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends, if any. As used herein,
Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed
in a number of Trading Days, on the Corporations primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion.

(ii) Reservation
of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation covenants that it will at all times
reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Class A Common Stock
for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock as herein provided,
free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other
than the Holder (and the other holders of the Preferred Stock), not less than such aggregate
number of shares of the Class A Common Stock as shall be issuable (taking into account the
adjustments and restrictions of Section 7) upon the conversion of the then outstanding shares
of Preferred Stock. The Corporation covenants that all shares of Class A Common Stock that
shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable.

(iii) Fractional
Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued
upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder
would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Corporation shall at its
election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal
to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, but consistent with the provisions
of this subsection with respect to fractional Conversion Shares, nothing shall prevent any
Holder from converting fractional shares of Preferred Stock.

6

(iv) Transfer
Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Preferred
Stock shall be made without charge to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes
that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided
that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect
of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon
conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Preferred Stock and
the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or
until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation
the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Corporation that
such tax has been paid.

(e) Beneficial
Ownership Limitation. Except as set forth herein, the Corporation shall not effect any
conversion of the Preferred Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion
of the Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the conversion set forth
on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holders Affiliates,
and any Persons acting as a group together with such Holder or any of such Holders
Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)) would receive as a result
of such conversion, ownership of Class A Common Stock as a result of the conversion of Preferred
Stock in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of
the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder
and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Class A
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination
is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Class A Common Stock which are issuable
upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Stated Value of Preferred Stock beneficially
owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or
conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation
subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein
(including, without limitation, the Preferred Stock) beneficially owned by such Holder or
any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
for purposes of this Section, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To
the extent that the limitation contained in this Section applies, the determination of whether
the Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder
together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of how many shares of Preferred
Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission
of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be such Holders determination of whether
the shares of Preferred Stock may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by
such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and how many shares of
the Preferred Stock are convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.
To ensure compliance with this restriction, each Holder will be deemed to represent to the
Corporation each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such Notice of Conversion has
not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Corporation shall have
no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination
as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder
may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent
of the following: (i) the Corporations most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Corporation
or (iii) a more recent written notice by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting forth
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request (which
may be via email) of a Holder, the Corporation shall within one Trading Day confirm orally
and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any
case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including the Preferred Stock,
by such Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred
Stock held by the applicable Holder. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed
and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section
to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or
supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding
anything in this Section to the contrary, in the event the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by a Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties exceeds the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation on the Original Issue Date immediately prior to the issuance of the
Preferred Stock, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation applicable to such Holder shall be 19.99%.

7

(f) Rule
144. All shares of Common Stock eligible to be sold under Rule 144 of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, shall be issued free of any restrictive legends.

Section
7. Certain Adjustments.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while this Preferred Stock
is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions
payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other Common Stock Equivalents
(which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the
Corporation upon conversion of, or payment of a dividend on, this Preferred Stock), (ii)
subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines
(including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller
number of shares, or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Corporation, then the Conversion Price shall be
multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
(excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event,
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(a) shall become effective
immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive
such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective
date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. In addition, the Corporation
shall equitably adjust the Stated Value in the event necessary.

(b) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th
of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common
Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number
of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) issued and outstanding.

Section
8. Right of Company to Redeem the Preferred Stock.

(a) Right
to Redeem the Preferred Stock on or After the Second Anniversary of the Original Issue Date.

(i) Right
to Redeem. Subject to the terms of this Section 8, the Company has the right, at its
election, to redeem, subject to the right of the Holders to convert the Preferred Stock pursuant
to Section 6 prior to such redemption, all, or any whole number of shares that is less than
all, of the Preferred Stock, at any time and from time to time on or after the second anniversary
of the Original Issue Date, on a Mandatory Redemption Date for a cash purchase price equal
to the Mandatory Redemption Price (such redemption, a Mandatory Redemption).

(ii) Redemption
Prohibited in Certain Circumstances. The Company will not call for Mandatory Redemption,
or otherwise send a Mandatory Redemption Notice in respect of the Mandatory Redemption of,
any Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 8 unless the Company has sufficient funds legally
available, and is permitted under the terms of its indebtedness for borrowed money (if any),
to fully pay the Mandatory Redemption Price in respect of all shares of Preferred Stock called
for Mandatory Redemption.

(iii) Mandatory
Redemption Date. The Mandatory Redemption Date for any Mandatory Redemption will be a
Business Day of the Companys choosing that is no more than 60, nor less than 30, calendar
days after the Mandatory Redemption Notice Date for such Mandatory Redemption.

(iv) Mandatory
Redemption Price. The Mandatory Redemption Price for any share of Preferred Stock to
be repurchased pursuant to a Mandatory Redemption is an amount in cash equal to the sum of
(1) the Mandatory Redemption Price Premium multiplied by the Stated Value for such share;
plus (2) the accumulated and unpaid dividends on such share to, but excluding, such
Mandatory Redemption Date (to the extent such accumulated and unpaid dividends are not included
in such Stated Value).

8

(v) Mandatory
Redemption Notice. To call any share of Preferred Stock for Mandatory Redemption, the
Company must send to the Holder of such share a notice of such Mandatory Redemption (a Mandatory
Redemption Notice). Such Mandatory Redemption Notice must state:

i. that
such share has been called for Mandatory Redemption, briefly describing the Companys
Mandatory Redemption right under this Certificate of Designations;

ii. the
Mandatory Redemption Date for such Mandatory Redemption;

iii. the
Mandatory Redemption Price per share of Preferred Stock;

iv. that
Preferred Stock called for Mandatory Redemption may be converted at any time before the Close
of Business on the Business Day immediately before the Mandatory Redemption Date (or, if
the Company fails to pay the Mandatory Redemption Price due on such Mandatory Redemption
Date in full, at any time until such time as the Company pays such Mandatory Redemption Price
in full);

v. the
Conversion Price in effect on the Mandatory Redemption Notice Date for such Mandatory Redemption;
and

vi. the
CUSIP and ISIN numbers, if any, of the Preferred Stock.

(vi) Selection
and Conversion of Preferred Stock Subject to Partial Redemption. If less than all shares
of Preferred Stock then outstanding are called for Mandatory Redemption, then:

i. the
shares of Preferred Stock to be subject to such Mandatory Redemption will be redeemed by
the Company pro rata; and

ii. if
only a portion of the Preferred Stock is called for Mandatory Redemption and a portion of
such Preferred Stock is converted, then the converted portion of such Preferred Stock will
be deemed to be from the portion of such Preferred Stock that was called for Mandatory Redemption. 

(vii) Payment
of the Mandatory Redemption Price. The Company will cause the Mandatory Redemption Price
for each share of Preferred Stock subject to Mandatory Redemption to be paid to the Holder
thereof on or before the applicable Mandatory Redemption Date.

Section
9. Sale of the Company. If, at any time while shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company effects any merger or consolidation,
sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets or other similar business combination (but excluding any financing
transaction or business acquisitions) (a Sale Transaction), then the Holder shall have the right to receive an amount
in cash equal to the greater of (i) the aggregate Stated Value of all Preferred Stock held by such holder, plus all unpaid accrued and
accumulated dividends on all such Preferred Stock (whether or not declared) and (ii) the amount that such Holder would have received
with respect to such share of Preferred Stock based on its Stated Value if all shares of Preferred Stock had been converted at their
Stated Value, plus all unpaid accrued and accumulated dividends on all such Preferred Stock (whether or not declared) (regardless of
whether they were actually converted and jwwithout regard to any limitations on convertibility or to whether sufficient shares of Class
A Common Stock are available out of the Companys authorized but unissued stock for the purpose of effecting such conversion) into
shares of Class A Common Stock immediately prior to the Sale Transaction. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities,
cash or property to be received in a Sale Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the consideration it receives
upon such Sale Transaction.

9

Section
10. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder
including, without limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered
personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed
to the Corporation, at the address set forth above Attention: R. Alex Hawkins, e-mail address
alex@stryve.com or such other e-mail address or address as the Corporation may specify for
such purposes by notice to the Holders delivered in accordance with this Section 10. Any
and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Corporation hereunder
shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized
overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number or address of
such Holder appearing on the books of the Corporation, or if no such facsimile number or
address appears on the books of the Corporation, at the principal place of business of such
Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries
hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth
in this Section prior to 4:30 p.m. (Dallas, Texas time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading
Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile number set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 4:30 p.m. (Dallas, Texas time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following
the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or
(iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

(b) Absolute
Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate of
Designations shall alter or impair the obligation of the Corporation, which is absolute and
unconditional, to pay liquidated damages and accrued dividends, as applicable, on the shares
of Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

(c) Lost
or Mutilated Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holders Preferred Stock certificate
(if any) shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Corporation shall execute and
deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated certificate,
or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate
for the shares of Preferred Stock so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon
receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such certificate, and of the ownership
hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation.

10

(d) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of this Certificate of Designations shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance
with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict
of laws thereof. All legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense
of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against
a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees
or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in Collin County, Texas
(the Texas Courts). The Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Texas Courts for the adjudication of any dispute
hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed
herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and
hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Texas Courts, or such
Texas Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. The Corporation and
each Holder hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process
being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the
address in effect for notices to it under this Certificate of Designations and agrees that
such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in
any other manner permitted by applicable law. The Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by
jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Certificate of Designations
or the transactions contemplated hereby. If the Corporation or any Holder shall commence
an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Certificate of Designation, then
the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party
for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

(e) Waiver.
Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate
of Designations shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of
such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate of Designations
or a waiver by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon
strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designations on one or more occasions
shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder) of the right
thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate
of Designations on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder must be
in writing.

(f) Severability.
If any provision of this Certificate of Designations is invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
the balance of this Certificate of Designations shall remain in effect, and if any provision
is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to
all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount
deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable
rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of
interest permitted under applicable law.

(g) Next
Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day
other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

(h) Headings.
The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this
Certificate of Designations and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions
hereof.

(i) Status
of Converted or Redeemed Preferred Stock. If any shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted,
redeemed or reacquired by the Corporation, such shares shall resume the status of authorized
but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as Series A-1 Preferred
Stock.

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 30, 2025, between Stryve Foods, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors
and assigns, a Purchaser and, collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below),
and/or Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not
jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.4.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial
banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the
direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1

Common
Stock means the Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Company
Counsel means Foley & Lardner LLP, with offices located at One Independent Drive, Suite 1300, Jacksonville, Florida 32202.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Initial
Closing shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per
Share Purchase Price equals$10.7122, subject to adjustment for stock splits and similar events.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred
Stock means the Series A-1 Preferred Stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

2

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Preferred Stock issued to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares purchased hereunder as specified below such
Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount.

Subsidiary
means any significant subsidiary (as defined in Regulation S-X) of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or
indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Nasdaq Capital Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the exhibits and all schedules hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

3

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1
Purchase and Sale of Preferred Stock; Closing.

(a)
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Purchaser agrees to purchase, and the Company agrees to sell and issue to
each Purchaser, at the applicable Closing (as defined below), that number of shares of Preferred Stock set forth on the signature page
hereto at a price per share equal to the Per Share Purchase Price. Purchasers may purchase such Shares with cash and/or principal and
accrued but unpaid interest due under promissory notes issued to or other debts owed to such Purchaser.

(b)
The initial purchase and sale of the Shares shall take place remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures, on the date of this
Agreement at such time as is mutually agreed upon, orally or in writing, by the Company and the Purchasers (which time and place are
designated as the Initial Closing). In the event there is more than one closing, the term Closing
shall apply to each such closing unless otherwise specified. At each Closing, each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer,
immediately available funds equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount (or promissory notes/debt) as set forth on the signature
page hereto executed by such Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares, as determined pursuant
to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing.

(c)
After the Initial Closing, the Company may sell, on the same terms and conditions as those contained in this Agreement, additional Shares
(the Additional Shares), to one or more purchasers (the Additional Purchasers).

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Initial Closing or any subsequent Closing, except as otherwise indicated below, the Company shall deliver or cause
to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
a stock certificate representing the Shares or other evidence of the issuance of a number of Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription
Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, as held in book-entry form by the Company and registered in the name of such Purchaser,
which evidence shall be reasonably satisfactory to each Purchaser; and

(iii)
the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with wire instructions.

4

(b)
On or prior to the Initial Closing or any subsequent Closing, except as otherwise indicated below, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause
to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
if applicable, such Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified by the Company.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Initial Closing or any subsequent Closing are subject to the following
conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) as of the applicable Closing of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be so accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing shall have
been performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Initial Closing or any subsequent Closing are subject to
the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and as of the Initial Closing of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein
(unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be so accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing shall have been
performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company as of the Initial Closing; and

(v)
as of the applicable Closing, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys principal
Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the applicable Closing, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Initial Closing or any subsequent Closing.

5

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company hereby makes the following
representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. Other than the Class B Units of Andina
Holdings, LLC owned by Stryve Foods Holdings, LLC, the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity
interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens except for standard blanket security liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, or financial condition of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect
on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect)
and, to the Companys knowledge, no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or
seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

6

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
(assuming due execution, authorization and delivery by the parties thereto) constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally,
(ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii)
insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law or public policy.

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing of that certain Statement of Preferences, Rights and Limitations
of Series A-1 Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations) attached hereto as Exhibit A with the Secretary
of the State of Delaware to establish the terms of the Preferred Stock, (iii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading
Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) the filing of Form D with the Commission
and such filings as are required to be made under applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws (collectively, the Required
Approvals).

7

(f)
Issuance of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized. The Shares, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company
other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital
stock the maximum number of shares of Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents.

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is set forth in the SEC Reports. The issuance and sale of the Securities will
not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Preferred Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers).
There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion,
exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no
outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are
no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security
of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements
or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding
shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval
or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There
are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which
the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
one year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein
as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any
such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the
Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations
of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in all material
respects in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
(GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited
financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position
of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiary as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods
then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

8

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except described in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof, (i) there has, to the Companys
knowledge, been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses
incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys
financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method
of accounting in any material respect, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property
to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company
has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company equity incentive plans.
The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance
of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or
exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, properties,
operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the
time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this
representation is made.

(j)
Litigation. Except as set forth in an SEC Report, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action) which, (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of
any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the
subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary
duty required to be disclosed in a registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities
Act. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission
involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other
order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the
Securities Act.

9

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive
officer of the Company or any Subsidiary is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract,
confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or
any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and the
continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect
to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all U.S. federal, state,
local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages
and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other material agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties
is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court,
arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any
governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection,
occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as would not have or
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable federal,
state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface
water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases
of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials)
into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport
or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments,
licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental
Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to
conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval
where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and the payment of which
is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, except
as such defaults that is not currently or through a lapse of time, is not and would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(p)
Intellectual Property. To the knowledge of the Company, the Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents,
patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses
and other intellectual property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses
as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to do so would have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual
Property Rights). Except for trademark applications abandoned in the ordinary course, none of, and neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or
been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports,
a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights
of any Person, except as would not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company,
all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and
value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

11

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary for companies of a similar size as the Company, in the businesses in which
the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage
expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers.

(r)
Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company
or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to
any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with
any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the Initial Closing, and any and all applicable
rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the Initial Closing and any subsequent Closing.
The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i)
transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to
assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the
most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented
in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have
been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its
Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting
of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

12

(t)
Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any
broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims
made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated
hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(v)
Reduction of Liabilities. As a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (i) the Companys outstanding
liabilities immediately before entering into this Agreement will be reduced by not less than $8.5 million and (ii) no such reduction
of liabilities of the Company shall be for cash consideration.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the Closing to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of
such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against such Purchaser in accordance with its
terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other
laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability
of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions
may be limited by applicable law.

13

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have
not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for
its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute
or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law. Such Purchaser
is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, either: (i)
an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under
the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
General Solicitation. Purchaser represents that Purchaser had a prior pre-existing relationship with the Company under the U.S.
securities laws and interpretations. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice
or other communication regarding the securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or
radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement. Purchaser
did not become interested in the offering of the securities as a result of any registration statement of the Company filed with the Commission
or any other securities agency or regulator.

14

(f)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

(g)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(h)
Payment with Promissory Note/Debt. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that if the consideration for the Securities, as set
forth on the signature page hereto, is promissory notes and/or accrued but unpaid interest or other indebtedness, such promissory note
or indebtedness shall cease accruing interest on the date of the execution of this Agreement and such promissory note or indebtedness
shall be deemed terminated and of no further force and effect (and shall be considered paid-in-full) upon delivery of the Securities.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

15

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Transfer Restrictions.

(a)
The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of the Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection
with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion
of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the
Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and
shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement.

(b)
The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the following
form:

THIS
SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION
FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER
LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR
OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer
pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company
and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no
notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable
documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities.

16

Certificates
evidencing the Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof), (i) while a registration
statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Shares pursuant
to Rule 144, (iii) if such Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with
the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, or (iv) if
such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements
issued by the staff of the Commission).

(c)
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities
pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or
an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a registration statement, they will be sold in compliance with the
plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from the book entries representing
Securities as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would
require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of
the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior
to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.3
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents
required to be filed as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance
of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information
delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or the Subsidiary, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press
release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written
or oral, between the Company, the Subsidiary or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one
hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate.

17

4.4
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.5
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.3, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented to the receipt of such information
and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be
relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public information
to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any
duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or
Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates
not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law.
To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting
transactions in securities of the Company.

4.6
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes
and repayment of debt and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (b) in violation of FCPA
or OFAC regulations.

4.7
Accrued Interest Date. The Company and the Purchasers hereby agree that any and all Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement shall
accrue interest pursuant to Section 3 of the Certificate of Designations effective as of the Initial Closing.

4.8
Standstill. From the date hereof until the earlier of (a) eighteen (18) months after the Closing Date or (b) the date upon which
the aggregate value of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock is $4.0 million or less (based on the Per Share Purchase Price
and without regard to dividends paid in kind), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall:

a. issue
any new convertible equity securities senior to the Preferred Stock that are convertible
into common shares at the holders election; 

b. issue
convertible debt that is convertible into common equity; or

c. issue
non-convertible debt with greater than 20% warrant coverage.

18

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this section shall not apply in the event a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock vote to waive the
restrictions in order to consent to a transaction that would otherwise be prohibited by this section.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the Company, if the Closing
has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however,
that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its own advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident
to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents. The Company shall pay all Transfer
Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company
and any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any
Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day
that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day
following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party
to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages
attached hereto.

19

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares based on
the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by
the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately
and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers)
shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed
to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement
hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.
Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser
relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected
Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and
the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise
set forth in this Section 5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Texas. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the state and federal courts sitting in Collin County, Texas for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction
Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition
to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.7, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing
party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution
of such Action or Proceeding.

20

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission,
by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, by other electronic signing created on an electronic platform (such as DocuSign)
or by digital signing (such as Adobe Sign), such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on
whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile, .pdf, electronic signing
or digital signing signature page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.14
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

21

5.15
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.16
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood
and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser,
solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers, collectively, and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.17
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.18
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.19
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature
Pages Follow)

22

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

STRYVE FOODS, INC. Address for Notice:

Frisco, TX 75034

P.O. Box 864

By: Email: alex@stryve.com

Name: R. Alex Hawkins 

Title: CFO 

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

23

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO SNAX SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that if the consideration for the Securities, as set forth
below, is promissory notes and/or accrued but unpaid interest or indebtedness, such promissory note or indebtedness shall cease accruing
interest on the date of the execution of this Agreement and such promissory note or indebtedness shall be deemed terminated and of no
further force and effect (and shall be considered paid-in-full) upon delivery of the Securities. 

Name
of Purchaser:

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: __________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory:

Title
of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory:

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

__________________________________

__________________________________

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

__________________________________

__________________________________

Subscription
Amount:

Cash
Purchase in the amount of $_________________; OR

Promissory
Note (insert terms of notes)/Debt:

Date
of Issuance:

Principal
Amount:

Accrued
and Unpaid Interest:

Total
Amount Owed:

By Checking this Box, I elect to have the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation with respect to the Preferred Stock be 4.99% instead of 9.99%. I understand that this election may not be amended
or changed. 

Shares:

EIN
Number: _______________________

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]

24

EXHIBIT
A

STRYVE
FOODS, INC.

STATEMENT
OF PREFERENCES, RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

OF

SERIES
A-1 PREFERRED STOCK

25
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>snax-20250130.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>snax-20250130_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>snax-20250130_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A Common Stock 

Warrants, each exercisable for Class A Common Stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>snax-20250130_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-004795-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001691936 

2025-01-30 
2025-01-30 

0001691936 

SNAX:ClassCommonStockMember 

2025-01-30 
2025-01-30 

0001691936 

SNAX:WarrantsEachExercisableForClassCommonStockMember 

2025-01-30 
2025-01-30 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001691936 
8-K 
2025-01-30 
STRYVE FOODS, INC. 
DE 
001-38785 
87-1760117 
Post Office Box 864 
Frisco 
TX 
75034 
(972) 
987-5130 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock 
SNAX 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each exercisable for Class A Common Stock 
SNAXW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Jan. 30, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 30, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-38785

Entity Registrant Name STRYVE
FOODS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001691936

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-1760117

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One Post
Office Box 864

Entity Address, City or Town Frisco

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75034

City Area Code (972)

Local Phone Number 987-5130

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Class A Common Stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A Common Stock

Trading Symbol SNAX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each exercisable for Class A Common Stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants,
each exercisable for Class A Common Stock

Trading Symbol SNAXW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SNAX_ClassCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SNAX_WarrantsEachExercisableForClassCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://stryve.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
snax-20250130.xsd 
snax-20250130_def.xml 
snax-20250130_lab.xml 
snax-20250130_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>