<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-018434.txt : 20250131
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-018434.hdr.sgml : 20250131
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250131163505
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-018434
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250115
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250131
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250131

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002027537
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				992025085
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56667
		FILM NUMBER:		25578851

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 WEST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10282
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212.902.1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 WEST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10282
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d848946d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0002027537--12-3100020275372025-01-152025-01-15

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): January 15, 2025

Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland 000-56667 99-2025085

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation or organization) 

(Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

200 West Street, New YorkNew York

10282

(Address of principal executive offices and zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (212)902-1000

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

None None None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

Third Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement 

On January 27, 2025, Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc (the Company) entered into the Third Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement (the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement) by and among the Company and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (in its capacity as the Companys advisor, the Adviser). The Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement reflects the addition of the Class F-I shares and Class F-II shares and the different management fees and performance fees associated with such shares. See Item 5.03 below regarding the designation of Class F-I shares and Class F-II shares. 

The Adviser has agreed to waive the management fee and the performance fee with respect to the Class F-I shares until the third anniversary of the date on which the Company has raised at least $50 million of gross offering proceeds from the issuance of Class F-I shares (the Third Anniversary) or, if a repurchase request was made before the Third Anniversary for all outstanding Class F-I shares under the Companys share repurchase plan, until all such shares have been redeemed. Class F-II shares will pay the management fee from the date of issuance and will not participate in the nine-month waiver of the management fee and will not pay the performance fee. As a result of the different management fee and performance fee payable to the Adviser with respect to Class F-I shares and Class F-II shares, management fees and performance fees will be a class-specific expense and will accrue for all classes on a class-specific basis. 

The Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement also modifies the previous advisory agreement to confirm the specific delegation of authority for the Adviser to enter into financing arrangements on behalf of the Company. 

Amended and Restated Placement Agent Agreement 

On January 27, 2025, the Company entered into the Amended and Restated Placement Agent Agreement (the Amended and Restated Placement Agent Agreement) by and among the Company and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (in its capacity as the Companys placement agent, the Placement Agent). The Amended and Restated Placement Agent Agreement reflects the addition of the Class F-II shares for sale in the Companys ongoing private placement offering. 

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

On January 27, 2025, the Company filed Articles of Amendment (the Articles of Amendment) to its Third Articles of Amendment and Restatement (the Charter) with the Maryland State Department of Assessments and Taxation (the SDAT) to increase the number of shares of capital stock that the Company has authority to issue to 2,120,000,000 and the number of shares of voting common stock, par value $0.01 per share, that the Company has authority to issue to 2,010,000,000. Immediately following the filing of the Articles of Amendment, the Company filed with the SDAT Articles Supplementary (the Articles Supplementary) to the Charter, pursuant to which the Company classified and designated 5,000,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class F-I common stock and 5,000,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class F-II common stock. Except as described in this Current Report on Form 8-K, the Articles of Amendment and Articles Supplementary did not amend, alter or modify any other terms or provisions of the Charter. 

8.01 Other Events 

Effective as of January 27, 2025, in connection with the designation of the Class F-I shares and the Class F-II shares, the Company amended the following documents as discussed below. 

Share Repurchase Plan. The share repurchase plan was amended to reflect the addition of Class F-I shares and Class F-II shares and the restriction on the participation of such shares in the share repurchase plan. Class F-I shares are not eligible to participate in the share repurchase plan until the two-year anniversary of the date the shares were 

initially purchased (the Second Anniversary). Class F-II shares are not eligible to participate in the share repurchase plan until the later of (i) the Second Anniversary and (ii) one year from the date of issuance of the Class F-II share. 

Distribution Reinvestment Plan. The distribution reinvestment plan was amended to reflect that the Class F-I shares and Class F-II shares are not eligible to participate in the Companys distribution reinvestment plan. 

Valuation Guidelines. The valuation guidelines were amended to clarify that management fees and performance fees are a class-specific expense and will accrue for all classes on a class-specific basis. 

Warehoused Investments 

As described in the Companys Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, Goldman Sachs expects to source a portfolio of real estate debt investments (the Warehoused Investments) for acquisition by the Company subject to the satisfaction of certain terms and conditions, including receipt of approval of the affiliate transaction committee of the Companys board of directors as required by the Companys corporate governance guidelines. 

On January 15, 2025, following the approval of the affiliate transaction committee of the Companys board of directors, the Company acquired the Warehoused Investment referred to as Inland Empire Industrial as previously described in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 26, 2024. The investment was acquired by the Company at an amount equal to (x) the lower of (i) fair value (determined in accordance with the Companys valuation guidelines) of such Warehoused Investment plus accrued interest, less the unamortized original issue discount through the date of settlement and (ii) the cost of the Warehoused Investment to Goldman Sachs plus accrued interest through the date of settlement, and (y) related costs and expenses, including transaction expenses and expenses of conveyance. The conveyance amount was based on cost as set forth in (ii) above and the aggregate transfer price for Inland Empire Industrial was $59.8 million. 

9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

3.1 Articles of Amendment effective as of January 27, 2025 

3.2 Articles Supplementary Designating Class F-I Shares and Class F-II Shares effective as January 27, 2025 

4.1 Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan 

10.1 Third Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement 

10.2 Amended and Restated Placement Agent Agreement 

99.1 Third Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Plan 

99.2 Amended Valuation Guidelines 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: January 31, 2025 Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc

By: 

/s/ Mallika Sinha

Name: Mallika Sinha

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d848946dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

GOLDMAN SACHS REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST INC 

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT 

Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc, a Maryland corporation (the Corporation), hereby certifies to
the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland that: 

FIRST: The charter of the Corporation (the
Charter) is hereby amended to delete the first two sentences of Section 5.1 of Article V in their entirety and to substitute in lieu thereof the following sentences: 

The Corporation has authority to issue 2,120,000,000 Shares, consisting of (i) 2,010,000,000 shares of voting common stock, $0.01 par value per
share (the Voting Common Shares), (a) 500,000,000 shares of which are designated as a series of common stock named Series T common stock (the Series T Common Shares), 500,000,000 shares of which are designated
as a series of common stock named Series S common stock (the Series S Common Shares), 500,000,000 shares of which are designated as a series of common stock named Series D common stock (the Series D Common
Shares) and 500,000,000 shares of which are designated as a series of common stock named Series I common stock (the Series I Common Shares), which collectively are one undesignated class of common stock, (b) 5,000,000
shares of which are designated as a class of common stock named Class F-I common stock (the Class F-I Common Shares) and (c)
5,000,000 shares of which are designated as a class of common stock named Class F-II common stock (the Class F-II Common
Shares), (ii) 10,000,000 shares of non-voting common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the Non-Voting Common Shares, and together with
Voting Common Shares, the Common Shares) and (iii) 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share (the Preferred Shares). The aggregate par value of all authorized Shares having par value is
$21,200,000. 

SECOND: The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation had authority to issue immediately prior to the
foregoing amendment of the Charter was 2,110,000,000, consisting of (i) 2,000,000,000 shares of voting common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of which 500,000,000 shares were classified as Series T common stock, 500,000,000 shares were classified
as Series S common stock, 500,000,000 shares were classified as Series D common stock and 500,000,000 shares were classified as Series I common stock, (ii) 10,000,000 shares of non-voting common stock, $0.01
par value per share, and (iii) 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share. The aggregate par value of all authorized shares of stock having par value was $21,100,000. 

THIRD: The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation has authority to issue pursuant to the foregoing amendment of
the Charter is 2,120,000,000, consisting of (i) 2,010,000,000 shares of voting common stock, $0.01 par value per share, (a) 500,000,000 of which are classified as Series T common stock, 500,000,000 of which are classified as Series S common stock,
500,000,000 of which are classified as Series D common stock and 500,000,000 of which are classified as Series I common stock, (b) 5,000,000 shares of which are classified as Class F-I common stock, (c)
5,000,000 shares of which are classified as Class F-II common stock, (ii) 10,000,000 shares of non-voting common stock, $0.01 par value per share, and (iii)
100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share. The aggregate par value of all authorized shares of stock having par value is $21,200,000. 

FOURTH: The information required by Section 2-607(b)(2)(i) of the Maryland General
Corporation Law (the MGCL) is not changed by the foregoing amendment of the Charter. 

FIFTH: The foregoing
amendment of the Charter was approved by a majority of the entire Board of Directors of the Corporation as required by law and was limited to a change expressly authorized by Section 2-105(a)(13) of the
MGCL without any action by the stockholders of the Corporation. 

SIXTH: The undersigned acknowledges these Articles of Amendment to
be the corporate act of the Corporation and as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned acknowledges that to the best of the undersigneds knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in
all material respects and that this statement is made under the penalties for perjury. 

-1- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused these Articles of Amendment to be signed in its name and on
its behalf by its Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and attested to by its Chief Executive Officer and President on this 21st day of January, 2025. 

ATTEST: GOLDMAN SACHS REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST INC

By: 

/s/ Steve Pack By: 

/s/ Mallika Sinha

Name: Steve Pack Name: Mallika Sinha

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d848946dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

GOLDMAN SACHS REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST INC 

ARTICLES SUPPLEMENTARY 

Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc, a Maryland corporation (the Corporation), hereby certifies to the State
Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland that: 

FIRST: Under a power contained in Section 5.1 of Article V of the charter
of the Corporation (the Charter), the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors), by duly adopted resolutions, classified and designated (i) 5,000,000 authorized but unissued shares of voting
common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of the Corporation as shares of Class F-I common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the
Class F-I Common Shares), of the Corporation, and (ii) 5,000,000 authorized but unissued shares of voting common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of the Corporation as
shares of Class F-II common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the Class F-II Common Shares), of the Corporation, with the
preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications, or terms or conditions of redemption, all as set forth below, which, upon any restatement of the Charter,
shall become part of Article IV or Article V of the Charter, as appropriate, with any necessary or appropriate renumbering or relettering of the sections or subsections hereof. Unless otherwise defined below, capitalized terms used below have the
meanings given to them in the Charter. 

Class F-I Common Shares 

(1) Authorized Shares. Of the total number of authorized Common Shares, 5,000,000 shares are classified as Class F-I Common Shares. 

(2) Definitions. As used herein, the following terms shall have
the following meanings unless the context otherwise requires: 

Class F-I NAV Per Share shall mean the net asset value per Class F-I Common Share, calculated as described in the most recent Valuation Guidelines. 

Class F-I Conversion Rate shall mean the fraction, the numerator
of which is the Class F-I NAV Per Share and the denominator of which is the Class I NAV Per Share. 

(3) Conversion of Class F-I Common Shares to Class I Common
Shares. Each Class F-I Common Share held in a Stockholders account shall automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof convert into a number of Series I Common Shares
(including fractional shares) equal to the Class F-I Conversion Rate on the earliest of (a) a Listing of Series I Common Shares, (b) a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into
another entity in which the Corporation is not the surviving entity, or (c) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Corporations assets; provided, however, that such conversion shall not occur if immediately after
the occurrence of any of such events the Corporation is externally advised with different management fee allocations or different performance fee allocations for holders of Class I Common Shares on the one hand and holders of Class F-I Common Shares on the other hand. Immediately following the transfer for value of a Class F-I Common Share by the original purchaser thereof (or an
Affiliated transferee thereof) to a transferee that is not Affiliated with such original purchaser, such Class F-I Common Share shall automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof
convert into a number of Series I Common Shares (including fractional shares) equal to the Class F-I Conversion Rate. 

(4) Rights Upon Liquidation. Immediately before any liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or any distribution of the assets of the
Corporation pursuant to a plan of liquidation, dissolution or winding up, Series F-I Common Shares will automatically convert to Series I Common Shares (including fractional shares) at the Class F-I Conversion Rate. Following such conversion, the aggregate assets of the Corporation available for Distribution to holders of the Common Shares, or the proceeds therefrom, shall be distributed to each
holder of Series I Common Shares, ratably with each other holder of Series I Common Shares, which will include all converted Class F-I Common Shares, in such proportion as the number of outstanding Series
I Common Shares held by such holder bears to the total number of outstanding Series I Common Shares then outstanding. 

-1- 

Class F-II Common Shares 

(1) Authorized Shares. Of the total number of authorized Common Shares, 5,000,000 shares are classified as Class F-II Common Shares. 

(2) Definitions. As used herein, the following terms shall have
the following meanings unless the context otherwise requires: 

Class F-I NAV Per Share shall mean the net asset value per Class F-II Common Share, calculated as described in the most recent Valuation Guidelines. 

Class F-II Conversion Rate shall mean the fraction, the
numerator of which is the Class F-II NAV Per Share and the denominator of which is the Class I NAV Per Share. 

(3) Conversion of Class F-II Common Shares to Class I Common
Shares. Each Class F-II Common Share held in a Stockholders account shall automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof convert into a number of Series I Common Shares
(including fractional shares) equal to the Class F-II Conversion Rate on the earliest of (a) a Listing of Series I Common Shares, (b) a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into
another entity in which the Corporation is not the surviving entity, or (c) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Corporations assets; provided, however, that such conversion shall not occur if immediately after
the occurrence of any of such events the Corporation is externally advised with different management fee allocations or different performance fee allocations for holders of Class I Common Shares on the one hand and holders of Class F-II Common Shares on the other hand. Immediately following the transfer for value of a Class F-II Common Share by the original purchaser thereof (or an
Affiliated transferee thereof) to a transferee that is not Affiliated with such original purchaser, such Class F-II Common Share shall automatically and without any action on the part of the holder
thereof convert into a number of Series I Common Shares (including fractional shares) equal to the Class F-II Conversion Rate. 

(4) Rights Upon Liquidation. Immediately before any liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or any distribution of the assets of the
Corporation pursuant to a plan of liquidation, dissolution or winding up, Series F-II Common Shares will automatically convert to Series I Common Shares (including fractional shares) at the Class F-II Conversion Rate. Following such conversion, the aggregate assets of the Corporation available for Distribution to holders of the Common Shares, or the proceeds therefrom, shall be distributed to each
holder of Series I Common Shares, ratably with each other holder of Series I Common Shares, which will include all converted Class F-II Common Shares, in such proportion as the number of outstanding
Series I Common Shares held by such holder bears to the total number of outstanding Series I Common Shares then outstanding. 

SECOND: The Class F-I Common Shares and the
Class F-II Common Shares have been designated and classified by the Board of Directors under the authority contained in the Charter. 

THIRD: These Articles Supplementary have been approved by the Board of Directors in the manner and by the vote required by law. 

FOURTH: The undersigned acknowledges these Articles Supplementary to be the corporate act of the Corporation and, as to all matters or
facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned acknowledges that, to the best of the undersigneds knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under the
penalties for perjury. 

-2- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused these Articles Supplementary to be signed in
its name and on its behalf by its Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and attested to by its Chief Executive Officer and President on this 21st day of January, 2025. 

ATTEST: GOLDMAN SACHS REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST INC

By: 

/s/ Steve Pack By: 

/s/ Mallika Sinha

Name: Steve Pack Name: Mallika Sinha

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d848946dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

DISTRIBUTION REINVESTMENT PLAN 

This
Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the Plan) has been adopted by Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc (the Company). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the
same meaning as set forth in its Articles of Amendment and Restatement (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Charter). 

1. Distribution Reinvestment. As agent for the stockholders (the Stockholders) of the Company who
are eligible to participate in the Plan and who elect to participate in the Plan or who are automatically enrolled pursuant to the terms of a subscription for shares of the Companys common stock (the Shares), the Company
will apply all dividends and other distributions declared and paid in respect of the Shares held by each participating Stockholder (the Participants) and attributable to the class of Shares purchased by such Participant (the
Distributions), including Distributions paid with respect to any full or fractional Shares acquired under the Plan, to the purchase of additional Shares of the same class for such Participant. 

2. Effective Date. The effective date of this Plan shall be January 27, 2025. 

3. Procedure for Participation. Any eligible Stockholder may elect to become a Participant by completing and executing
a subscription agreement for Shares (which may provide for automatic enrollment unless such Stockholder opts out), an enrollment form or any appropriate authorization form as may be available from the Company, the Companys transfer agent, the
placement agent or dealer manager for an Offering or any soliciting dealer participating in the distribution of Shares for an Offering. Participation in the Plan will begin with the next Distribution payable after acceptance of a Participants
subscription, enrollment or authorization. Shares will be purchased under the Plan on the date that Distributions are paid by the Company. 

4. Suitability. Each Participant agrees that if such Participant fails to meet the then-current suitability
requirements for making an investment in the Company or cannot make the other representations or warranties as set forth in the Companys most recent applicable memorandum or subscription agreement, enrollment form or other authorization form,
such Participant will promptly so notify the Company in writing. 

5. Purchase of Shares. Participants will acquire Shares
from the Company under the Plan at a price equal to the most recently disclosed transaction price per Share applicable to the class of Shares purchased by the Participant on the record date of the Distribution. Participants in the Plan may purchase
fractional Shares so that 100% of the Distributions will be used to acquire Shares. However, a Participant will not be able to acquire Plan Shares and such Participants participation in the Plan will be terminated to the extent that a
reinvestment of such Participants Distributions in Shares would cause the percentage ownership or other limitations contained in the Charter to be violated. Shares to be distributed by the Company in connection with the Plan will be supplied
from Shares which may or may not be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). Shares that are not registered with the SEC will be subject to transfer restrictions and cannot be sold unless they are subsequently
registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available. 

6. Taxes. THE REINVESTMENT OF
DISTRIBUTIONS DOES NOT RELIEVE A PARTICIPANT OF ANY INCOME TAX LIABILITY THAT MAY BE PAYABLE ON THE DISTRIBUTIONS. INFORMATION REGARDING POTENTIAL TAX INCOME LIABILITY OF PARTICIPANTS MAY BE FOUND IN THE PUBLIC FILINGS MADE BY THE COMPANY WITH
THE SEC. 

7. Share Certificates. The ownership of the Shares purchased through the Plan will be in book-entry form
unless and until the Company issues certificates for its outstanding Shares. 

8. Reports. On a monthly basis, the
Company shall provide each Participant a statement of account describing, as to such Participant: (i) the Distributions reinvested during the month; (ii) the number and class of Shares purchased pursuant to the Plan during the month;
(iii) the per share purchase price for such Shares; and (iv) the total number of Shares purchased on behalf of the Participant under the Plan. On an annual basis, tax information with respect to income earned on Shares under the Plan for
the calendar year will be provided to each applicable participant. 

9. Termination by Participant. A Participant
may terminate participation in the Plan at any time, without penalty, by delivering 10 business days prior written notice to the Company. This notice must be received by the Company 10 business days prior to a Distribution record date in order
for a Participants termination to be effective for such Distribution payment date. Any transfer of Shares by a Participant to a non-Participant will terminate participation in the Plan with respect to
the transferred Shares. If a Participant requests that the Company repurchase all or any portion of the Participants Shares, the Participants participation in the 

1 

Plan with respect to the Participants Shares for which repurchase was requested but that were not repurchased will be terminated. If a Participant terminates Plan participation, the Company
may, at its option, ensure that the terminating Participants account will reflect the whole number of Shares in such Participants account and provide a check for the cash value of any fractional Share in such account. Upon termination of
Plan participation for any reason, future Distributions will be distributed to the Stockholder in cash. 

10. Amendment,
Suspension or Termination by the Company. The Board of Directors may by majority vote amend any aspect of the Plan; provided that the Plan cannot be amended to eliminate a Participants right to terminate participation in the Plan
and that notice of any material amendment must be provided to Participants at least 10 business days prior to the effective date of that amendment. The Board of Directors may by majority vote suspend or terminate the Plan for any reason upon 10
business days written notice to the Participants. 

11. Liability of the Company. The Company shall not be
liable for any act done in good faith, or for any good faith omission to act, including, without limitation, any claims or liability (i) arising out of failure to terminate a Participants account upon such Participants death prior
to timely receipt of notice in writing of such death or (ii) with respect to the time and the prices at which Shares are purchased or sold for a Participants account. 

12.Participation by Benefit Plan Investors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may refuse to issue shares
under the Plan to Benefit Plan Investors in order to avoid having the assets of the Company characterized as plan assets under ERISA and certain U.S. Department of Labor regulations promulgated thereunder.

13. Participation by Class F-I Holders and
Class F-II Holders. Holders of the Companys shares of Class F-I and
Class F-II common stock are not eligible to participate in the Plan. 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d848946dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED ADVISORY AGREEMENT 

AMONG 

GOLDMAN SACHS
REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST INC 

AND 

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

1. 

DEFINITIONS 3 

2. 

APPOINTMENT 7 

3. 

DUTIES OF THE ADVISER 7 

4. 

AUTHORITY OF ADVISER 9 

5. 

BANK AND BROKERAGE ACCOUNTS 10 

6. 

RECORDS; ACCESS 10 

7. 

LIMITATIONS ON ACTIVITIES 10 

8. 

OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THE ADVISER 10 

9. 

RELATIONSHIP WITH DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 12 

10. 

COMPENSATION 12 

11. 

EXPENSES 15 

12. 

OTHER SERVICES 18 

13. 

REIMBURSEMENT TO THE ADVISER 18 

14. 

NO JOINT VENTURE 19 

15. 

TERM OF AGREEMENT 19 

16. 

TERMINATION BY THE PARTIES 19 

17. 

ASSIGNMENT TO AN AFFILIATE 19 

18. 

PAYMENTS TO AND DUTIES OF ADVISER UPON TERMINATION 19 

19. 

INDEMNIFICATION BY THE COMPANY 20 

20. 

INDEMNIFICATION BY ADVISER 20 

21. 

NON-SOLICITATION 20 

22. 

MISCELLANEOUS 20 

2 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED ADVISORY AGREEMENT 

THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED ADVISORY AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of the 27th day of January, 2025 (the Effective
Date), is by and among Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc, a Maryland corporation (the Company), and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, a New York limited liability company (the Adviser).
Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in Section 1 below. 

W I T N E S S E T H 

WHEREAS, the Company intends to qualify as a REIT, and to invest its funds in investments permitted by the terms of Sections 856 through 860
of the Code; 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to avail itself of the knowledge, experience, sources of information, advice, assistance and
certain facilities available to the Adviser and to have the Adviser undertake the duties and responsibilities hereinafter set forth, on behalf of, and subject to the supervision of, the Board, all as provided herein; 

WHEREAS, the Adviser is willing to undertake to render such services, subject to the supervision of the Board, on the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth; 

WHEREAS, the parties entered into that certain Second Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, dated
October 4, 2024; and 

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend and restate the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement pursuant to
the terms hereof. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,
the parties agree as follows: 

1. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the definitions
hereinafter indicated: 

Acquisition Expenses shall have the meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 

Adjusted Capital means cumulative net proceeds generated from sales of Common Shares (including proceeds from the distribution
reinvestment plan) reduced for Distributions from non-liquidating dispositions of its investments paid to Stockholders of Common Shares and amounts paid to Stockholders of Common Shares for share repurchases.

Adviser shall mean Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, a New York limited liability company. 

Adviser Expenses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a). 

Affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 

Affiliate Transaction Committee shall have the meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 

Annual Hurdle Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 

3 

Applicable Hurdle Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b).

Average Invested Assets shall have the meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 

Board shall mean the board of directors of the Company, as of any particular time. 

Business Day shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Bylaws shall mean the bylaws of the Company, as amended from time to time. 

Cause shall mean, with respect to the termination of this Agreement, fraud, criminal conduct, willful misconduct or willful or
negligent breach of fiduciary duty by the Adviser in connection with performing its duties hereunder. 

Change of Control shall
mean any event (including, without limitation, issue, transfer or other disposition of shares of capital stock of the Company, merger, share exchange or consolidation) after which any person (as that term is used in Sections 13(d) and
14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing greater than 50% or
more of the combined voting power of Companys then outstanding securities, respectively; provided, that, a Change of Control shall not be deemed to occur as a result of any widely distributed offering of the Shares. 

Charter shall mean the Articles of Incorporation of the Company filed with the Maryland State Department of Assessments and Taxation
in accordance with the Maryland General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time. 

Class F-I Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Class F-II Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth
in the Charter. 

Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Commencement Date shall mean the date on which the Company breaks escrow for its initial private Offering conducted pursuant to
Regulation D of the Securities Act. 

Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. 

Core Earnings shall mean for the applicable performance measurement period, the net income (loss) attributable to holders of Series
S Common Shares, Series T Common Shares, Series D Common Shares, Series I Common Shares, Class F-I Common Shares and Non-Voting Common Shares, computed in
accordance with GAAP, excluding (i) non-cash equity compensation expense, (ii) the Performance Fee, (iii) depreciation and amortization, (iv) any unrealized gains or losses or other non-cash items that are included in net income for the applicable reporting period, regardless of whether such items are included in other comprehensive income or loss, or in net income, (v) one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP, and (vi) certain non-cash adjustments and certain material non-cash income
or expense items, in each case pursuant to this clause (vi) after discussions between the Adviser and the Independent Directors and approved by a majority of the Independent Directors. 

Corporate Governance Guidelines shall mean the corporate governance guidelines adopted by the Board, as amended from
time to time. 

4 

Director shall mean a member of the Board. 

Distribution Fee shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Distributions shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. 

Escrow Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(f). 

Excess Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13. 

Exchange Act shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Expense Payment Cap shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(f). 

Expense Year shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13. 

Final Release Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(f). 

Four-Quarter Performance Measurement Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 

GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States of America from time to time. 

Goldman Sachs means, collectively, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any Affiliate thereof. 

GS Commitment shall mean the commitment by Goldman Sachs to purchase from the Company an aggregate amount of $100 million of
the Companys Non-Voting Common Shares. 

Independent Director shall have the
meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 

InitialPartial-Quarter Performance Measurement
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 

Investment Company Act shall mean the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Investment Guidelines shall mean the investment guidelines adopted by the Board, as amended
from time to time, pursuant to which the Adviser has discretion to acquire and dispose of Investments for the Company without the prior approval of the Board. 

Investments shall mean any investments by the Company directly or indirectly, in Real Property, Real Estate-Related Assets or other
assets. 

Listing shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Management Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(a). 

Mortgage shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

5 

NAV shall mean the net asset value of the Company or its Shares, calculated
pursuant to the Valuation Guidelines. 

Net Income shall have the meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 

Non-Voting Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Offering shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Organization and Offering Expenses shall mean any and all costs and expenses incurred by the Company and to be paid from the assets
of the Company in connection with the formation of the Company and any registered or unregistered Offering, and the marketing and distribution of Shares, including, without limitation, total underwriting and brokerage discounts and commissions,
costs related to investor and broker-dealer sales meetings, fees and expenses of the underwriters attorneys, expenses for printing, engraving, mailing, salaries of employees while engaged in sales activity, charges of transfer agents,
registrars, trustees, escrow holders, depositaries, experts, expenses of qualification of the sale of the Shares under federal and state laws, including taxes and fees and accountants and attorneys fees. 

Other GS Accounts shall mean Goldman Sachs and other investment entities or separate accounts that have been formed, sponsored,
advised or managed by Goldman Sachs, whether currently in existence or subsequently established (in each case, including any related successor funds, alternative vehicles, supplemental capital vehicles, surge funds, over-flow funds, co-investment vehicles and other entities formed in connection with Goldman Sachs side-by-side or additional general partner
investments with respect thereto). 

Partial-Year Performance Measurement Period shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 10(b). 

Performance Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 

Person shall mean an individual, corporation, business trust, estate, trust, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company
or other legal entity. 

Qualifying Income Opinion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(f). 

Real Estate-Related Securities shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Real Estate-Related Assets shall mean any investments by the Company in Mortgages and Real Estate-Related Securities. 

Real Property shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

REIT shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Securities Act shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Selling Commissions shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Series D Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Series I Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Series S Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

6 

Series T Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Stockholders shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter. 

Termination Date shall mean the date of termination of this Agreement or expiration of this Agreement in the event this Agreement is
not renewed for an additional term. 

Total Operating Expenses shall have the meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance
Guidelines. 

Treasury Regulations shall mean the Procedures and Administration Regulation promulgated by the U.S. Department of
Treasury under the Code, as amended. 

2%/25% Guidelines shall have the meaning set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines.

Valuation Guidelines shall mean the valuation guidelines adopted by the Board, as amended from time to time. 

Warehoused Investments shall mean a portfolio of debt investments consistent with the investment strategy of the Company sourced by
Goldman Sachs that will be acquired by the Company from Goldman Sachs as proceeds are raised in an Offering. 

2. APPOINTMENT.The Company hereby appoints the Adviser to serve as its investment adviser on the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement, and the Adviser hereby accepts such appointment. By accepting such appointment, the Adviser acknowledges that it has a contractual and fiduciary responsibility to the Company and the Stockholders. Except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement, the Adviser hereby agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to perform the duties set forth herein, provided that the Company reimburses the Adviser for costs and expenses in accordance with Section 11
hereof. 

3. DUTIES OF THE ADVISER. Subject to the oversight of the Board and the terms and conditions of this Agreement
(including the Investment Guidelines) and consistent with the Charter and Bylaws, the Adviser will have plenary authority with respect to the management of the business and affairs of the Company and will be responsible for implementing the
investment strategy of the Company. The Adviser will perform (or cause to be performed through one or more of its Affiliates or third parties) such services and activities relating to the selection of investments, the financing of the Companys
operations, and rendering investment advice to the Company as may be appropriate or otherwise mutually agreed from time to time, which may include, without limitation: 

(a) serving as an advisor to the Company with respect to the establishment and periodic review of the Investment Guidelines for the
Companys investments, financing activities and operations; 

(b) sourcing, evaluating and monitoring the Companys
investment opportunities and executing the acquisition, origination, management, financing and disposition of the Companys assets, in accordance with the Companys Investment Guidelines, policies and objectives and limitations, subject to
oversight by the Board; 

(c) with respect to prospective acquisitions, originations, purchases, sales, exchanges or other
dispositions of Investments or with respect to the incurrence, refinancing or guaranty of debt, conducting negotiations on the Companys behalf with borrowers, sellers, purchasers, lenders and other

7 

counterparties and, if applicable, their respective agents, advisors and representatives, and determining the structure and terms of such transactions; 

(d) providing the Company with portfolio management and other related services; 

(e) serving as the Companys adviser with respect to decisions regarding any of the Companys financings, hedging activities
or borrowings undertaken by the Company, including (1) assisting the Company in developing criteria for financing that is specifically tailored to the Companys investment objectives, and (2) advising the Company with respect to
obtaining appropriate financing for the Investments (which, in accordance with applicable law and the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Companys Charter and Bylaws, may include financing by the Adviser or its Affiliates) and
(3) negotiating and entering into, on the Companys behalf, financing arrangements (including one or more credit facilities), repurchase agreements, interest rate or currency swap agreements, hedging arrangements, foreign exchange
transactions, derivative transactions, and other agreements and instruments required or appropriate in connection with the Companys activities; 

(f) engaging and supervising, on the Companys behalf and at the Companys expense, independent contractors, advisors,
consultants, attorneys, accountants, administrators, auditors, appraisers, independent valuation agents, escrow agents and other service providers (which may include Affiliates of the Adviser) that provide various services with respect to the
Company, including, without limitation, accounting, investment banking, securities brokerage, mortgage brokerage, credit analysis, risk management services, asset management services, loan servicing, other financial, legal or accounting services,
due diligence services, underwriting review services, and all other services (including custody and transfer agent and registrar services) as may be required relating to the Companys activities or investments (or potential investments); 

(g) coordinating and managing operations of any co-investment interests held by the Company and
conducting matters with co-investment partners; 

(h) communicating on the Companys
behalf with the holders of any of the Companys equity or debt securities as required to satisfy the reporting and other requirements of any governmental bodies or agencies or trading markets and to maintain effective relations with such
holders; 

(i) advising the Company in connection with policy decisions to be made by the Board; 

(j) engaging one or more subadvisors with respect to the management of the Company, including, where appropriate, Affiliates of the
Adviser; 

(k) evaluating and recommending to the Board hedging strategies and engaging in hedging activities on the Companys
behalf, consistent with the Companys qualification as a REIT and with the Investment Guidelines; 

(l) investing and
reinvesting any moneys and securities of the Company (including investing in short-term investments pending investment in other investments, payment of fees, costs and expenses, or payments of dividends or distributions to the Companys
stockholders) and advising the Company as to its capital structure and capital raising; 

(m) providing input in connection with the
third-party appraisals and valuations obtained pursuant to the Valuation Guidelines; 

8 

(n) monitoring the Companys Investments for events that may be expected to have
a material impact on the most recent estimated values; 

(o) monitoring each third-party experts valuation process to ensure
that it complies with the Valuation Guidelines; 

(p) delivering to, or maintain on behalf of, the Company copies of appraisals
obtained in connection with its Investments; 

(q) placing, or arranging for the placement of, orders of Investments pursuant to the
Advisers investment determinations for the Company either directly with the issuer or with a broker or dealer (including any Affiliated broker or dealer); and 

(r) performing such other services from time to time in connection with the management of the Companys investment activities as
the Board shall reasonably request and/or the Adviser shall deem appropriate under the particular circumstances. 

4. AUTHORITY OF
ADVISER.

(a) Pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including the restrictions included in this Section 4 and in
Section 7), and subject to the continuing and exclusive authority of the Board over the management of the Company, the Board (by virtue of its approval of this Agreement and authorization of the execution hereof by the officers of the Company)
hereby delegates to the Adviser the authority to take, or cause to be taken, any and all actions and to execute and deliver any and all agreements, certificates, assignments, instruments or other documents and to do any and all things that, in the
judgment of the Adviser, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the Advisers duties described in Section 3, including the making of any Investment and the incurrence, refinancing or guaranty of any debt that the Adviser deems
consistent with the Companys investment objectives, strategy and guidelines, policies and limitations and within the discretionary limits and authority as granted to the Adviser from time to time by the Board. 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Investment, financing or guaranty that is inconsistent with the Investment Guidelines will
require the prior approval of the Board or any duly authorized committee of the Board, and any Investment, financing or guaranty that the Adviser deems not to be expressly inconsistent with the Investment Guidelines, the Charter, the limitations set
forth at Section 7 below or any express directive of the Board may be made by the Adviser on the Companys behalf without the prior approval of the Board or any duly authorized committee of the Board. 

(c) The prior approval of a majority of the Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in
the transaction will be required for each transaction to which the Adviser or its Affiliates is a party. 

(d) The Board will review
the Investment Guidelines with sufficient frequency and at least annually and may, at any time upon the giving of notice to the Adviser, amend the Investment Guidelines; provided, however, that such modification or revocation shall be
effective upon receipt by the Adviser or such later date as is specified by the Board and included in the notice provided to the Adviser and such modification or revocation shall not be applicable to investment transactions to which the Adviser has
committed the Company prior to the date of receipt by the Adviser of such notification, or if later, the effective date of such modification or revocation specified by the Board. 

9 

(e) The Adviser may retain, for and on behalf, and at the sole cost and expense, of
the Company, such services as the Adviser deems necessary or advisable in connection with the management and operations of the Company, which may include Affiliates of the Adviser; provided, that any such services may only be provided by Affiliates
to the extent such services are approved by a majority of the Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in such transactions as being fair and reasonable to the Company and on terms and conditions not
less favorable to the Company than those available from non-Affiliated third parties. In performing its duties under Section 3, the Adviser shall be entitled to rely reasonably on qualified experts and
professionals (including, without limitation, accountants, legal counsel and other professional service providers) hired by the Adviser at the Companys sole cost and expense. 

5. BANK AND BROKERAGE ACCOUNTS. The Adviser may establish and maintain one or more bank or brokerage accounts in the name of the
Company and any subsidiary thereof and may collect and deposit into any such account or accounts, and disburse from any such account or accounts, any money on behalf of the Company, consistent with the Advisers authority under this Agreement,
provided that no funds shall be commingled with the funds of the Adviser; and the Adviser shall from time to time render, upon request by the Board, its audit committee or the auditors of the Company, appropriate accountings of such collections and
payments to the Board, its audit committee and the auditors of the Company, as applicable. 

6. RECORDS; ACCESS. The Adviser
shall maintain appropriate records of its activities hereunder and make such records available for inspection by the Board and by counsel, auditors and authorized agents of the Company, at any time or from time to time during normal business hours.
The Adviser shall at all reasonable times have access to the books and records of the Company. 

7. LIMITATIONS ON
ACTIVITIES.The Adviser shall refrain from any action that, in its sole judgment made in good faith, (i) is not in compliance with the Investment Guidelines, (ii) would adversely and materially affect the qualification of the
Company as a REIT under the Code or the Companys status as an entity excluded from investment company status under the Investment Company Act, or (iii) would materially violate any law, rule or regulation of any governmental body or
agency having jurisdiction over the Company or of any exchange on which the securities of the Company may be listed or that would otherwise not be permitted by the Charter or Bylaws. If the Adviser is ordered to take any action by the Board, the
Adviser shall seek to notify the Board if it is the Advisers reasonable judgment that such action would adversely and materially affect such status or violate any such law, rule or regulation or the Charter or Bylaws. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, neither the Adviser nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable to the Company, the Board, or the Stockholders for any act or omission by the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, except as provided in Section 20 of this Agreement. 

8. OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THE ADVISER.

(a) Nothing in this Agreement shall (i) prevent the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees from
engaging in other businesses or from rendering services of any kind to any other Person or entity, whether or not the investment objectives or policies of any such other Person or entity are similar to those of the Company, including, without
limitation, the sponsoring, closing and/or managing of any Other GS Accounts, (ii) in any way bind or restrict the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees from originating loans, buying, selling or trading any
securities or commodities for their own accounts or for the account of others for whom the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees may be acting, or (iii) prevent the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers,
directors or employees from receiving fees or other compensation or profits from such activities described in this Section 8(a) which shall be for the sole benefit of the Adviser (and/or its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees). While
information and recommendations supplied to the Company shall, in the 

10 

Advisers reasonable and good faith judgment, be appropriate under the circumstances and in light of the investment objectives and policies of the Company, such information and
recommendations may be different in certain material respects from the information and recommendations supplied by the Adviser or any Affiliate of the Adviser to others (including, for greater certainty, the Other GS Accounts and their investors, as
described more fully in Section 8(b)). 

(b) The Adviser and the Company acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, (i) Affiliates of the Adviser sponsor, advise and/or manage Other GS Accounts and may in the future sponsor, advise and/or manage additional Other GS Accounts, (ii) this overlap will from time to time create
conflicts of interest and (iii) in certain circumstances investment opportunities suitable for the Company will not be presented to the Company and there will be one or more investment opportunities where the Companys participation is
restricted. 

(c) In connection with the services of the Adviser hereunder, the Company and the Board acknowledge and/or agree that
(i) as part of Goldman Sachss regular businesses, personnel of the Adviser and its Affiliates may from time to time work on other projects and matters (including with respect to one or more Other GS Accounts), and that conflicts may arise
with respect to the allocation of personnel between the Company and one or more Other GS Accounts and/or the Adviser and such other Affiliates, (ii) unless prohibited by the Charter, Other GS Accounts may invest, from time to time, in
investments in which the Company also invests (including at a different level of an issuers capital structure (e.g., an investment by an Other GS Account in a mezzanine interest with respect to the same underlying collateral in which
the Company owns a secured interest, or vice versa, or in a different tranche of debt with respect to the same underlying collateral in which the Company has an investment) and while Goldman Sachs will seek to resolve any such conflicts in a fair
and reasonable manner (subject to any priorities of Other GS Accounts) in accordance with its prevailing policies and procedures with respect to conflicts resolution among Other GS Accounts generally, such transactions are not required to be
presented to the Board or any committee thereof for approval (unless otherwise required by the Corporate Governance Guidelines or Investment Guidelines), and there can be no assurance that any conflicts will be resolved in the Companys favor,
and (iii) the terms and conditions of the governing agreements of such Other GS Accounts (including with respect to the economic, reporting, and other rights afforded to investors in such Other GS Accounts) are materially different from the
terms and conditions applicable to the Company and the Stockholders, and neither the Company nor the Stockholders (in such capacity) shall have the right to receive the benefit of any such different terms applicable to investors in such Other GS
Accounts as a result of an investment in the Company or otherwise. The Adviser shall keep the Board reasonably informed on a periodic basis in connection with the foregoing. 

(d) The Adviser is not permitted to consummate on the Companys behalf any transaction that involves (i) the sale of any
investment to or (ii) the acquisition of any investment from Goldman Sachs, any Other GS Account or any of their Affiliates unless such transaction is approved by a majority of the Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors,
not otherwise interested in such transaction as being fair and reasonable to the Company. In addition, for any acquisition of a Warehoused Investment, unless otherwise approved by a majority of the Independent Directors, the Companys purchase
price is expected to be an amount equal to (x) the lower of (i) fair value (determined in accordance with the Valuation Guidelines) of such Warehoused Investment plus accrued interest, less the unamortized original issue discount through
the date of settlement and (ii) the cost of the Warehoused Investment to Goldman Sachs plus accrued interest through the date of settlement, and (y) related costs and expenses, including transaction expenses and expenses of conveyance,
provided that a majority of the Independent Directors not otherwise interested in the transaction must approve the transaction as being fair and reasonable to the Company. The Adviser will seek to resolve any conflicts of interest in a fair and
reasonable manner (subject to any priorities of Other GS Accounts) in accordance with its prevailing policies and procedures with respect to conflicts resolution among Other GS Accounts generally, but only those transactions set forth in this
Section 8(d) will be expressly required to be presented for approval to the Independent Directors or any committee thereof (unless otherwise required by the Corporate Governance Guidelines or the Investment Guidelines). 

11 

(e) For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood that neither the Company nor the
Board has the authority to determine the salary, bonus or any other compensation paid by the Adviser to any director, officer, member, partner, employee, or stockholder of the Adviser or its Affiliates, including any person who is also a director or
officer employee of the Company. 

9. RELATIONSHIP WITH DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. Subject to Section 7 of this Agreement
and to restrictions advisable with respect to the qualification of the Company as a REIT, directors, managers, officers and employees of the Adviser or an Affiliate of the Adviser or any corporate parent of an Affiliate, may serve as a Director or
officer of the Company, except that no director, officer or employee of the Adviser or its Affiliates who also is a Director or officer of the Company shall receive any compensation from the Company for serving as a Director or officer other than
(a) reasonable reimbursement for travel and related expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Board or (b) as otherwise approved by the Board, including a majority of the Independent Directors. For as long as this Agreement is in
effect, the Adviser shall have the right to designate certain individuals (as detailed below) for nomination, subject to the ultimate approval of such nomination by the Board, to the slate of Directors to be voted on by the Stockholders at the
Companys annual meeting of Stockholders. All of the individuals so designated may be Affiliated with the Adviser; provided that the number of such individuals so designated must constitute less than one half of the Directors on the Board. The
Board must also consult with the Adviser in connection with filling any vacancies created by the removal, resignation, retirement or death of any Director who is Affiliated with the Adviser until a successor is elected and qualifies. 

10. COMPENSATION.

(a) The Company will pay the Adviser a management fee (the Management Fee) equal to (i) 1.25% of the aggregate NAV of
the Companys Series S Common Shares, (ii) 1.25% of the aggregate NAV of the Companys Series T Common Shares, (iii) 1.25% of the aggregate NAV of the Companys Series D Common Shares, (iv) 1.25% of the aggregate NAV of the
Companys Series I Common Shares, (v) 1.25% of the aggregate NAV of the Companys Class F-I Common Shares, (vi) 1.25% of the aggregate NAV of the Companys
Class F-II Common Shares and (vii) 1.25% of the aggregate NAV of the Companys Non-Voting Common Shares, with all such amounts in clauses (i)-(vii) payable
monthly, before giving effect to any accruals for the Management Fee, the Distribution Fees, the Performance Fee or any Distributions. The Adviser shall receive the Management Fee as compensation for services rendered hereunder, monthly in arrears;
provided that with the Advisers consent the Company may defer such payments. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) other than with respect to the Companys Class F-II Common Shares, the
Adviser has agreed to waive the Management Fee for the first nine months commencing on and including the Commencement Date, subject to the option to extend the fee waiver in the sole discretion of the Adviser and (ii) the Adviser has agreed to
waive the Management Fee with respect to the Class F-I Common Shares until the third anniversary of the date on which the Company has raised at least $50,000,000 of gross offering proceeds from the
issuance of Class F-I Common Shares (the Third Anniversary) or, if a repurchase request was made before the Third Anniversary for all outstanding
Class F-I Shares under the Companys share repurchase plan, until all such shares have been redeemed. 

(b) The Company will pay the Adviser a performance fee (the Performance Fee), which is accrued monthly and payable
quarterly (or part thereof that this Agreement is in effect) in arrears. Commencing with the calendar quarter representing the fourth full calendar quarter completed after the Commencement Date, the Performance Fee shall be an amount, not less than
zero, equal to (i) 12.5% of Core Earnings for the immediately preceding four calendar quarters (each such period, a Four-Quarter 

12 

Performance Measurement Period), subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as an annual rate of return on average Adjusted Capital, equal to 5.0% (the Annual Hurdle
Rate), minus (ii) the sum of any Performance Fees paid to the Adviser with respect to the first three calendar quarters in the applicable Four-Quarter Performance Measurement Period. As a result, the Adviser does not earn a
Performance Fee for any calendar quarter until Core Earnings for the applicable Four-Quarter Performance Measurement Period exceed the Annual Hurdle Rate. 

For each of the three full calendar quarters preceding the initial Four-Quarter Performance Measurement Period, the Performance Fee shall be
an amount, not less than zero, equal to (i) 12.5% of cumulative Core Earnings for all of the full calendar quarter periods completed since the Commencement Date (each such period, a Partial-Year Performance Measurement Period),
subject to the Applicable Hurdle Rate (as defined below), which is calculated by multiplying 5% by a fraction consisting of (x) a numerator equal to the number of full calendar quarter periods included in the Partial-Year Performance
Measurement Period, and (y) a denominator equal to four, minus (ii) the sum of any Performance Fees paid to the Adviser with respect to the prior Partial-Year Performance Measurement Periods. 

In the event that the period from the Commencement Date through the first calendar quarter end date following such date is shorter than a full
calendar quarter (such period, the Initial Partial-Quarter Performance Measurement Period), the Performance Fee for the Initial Partial-Quarter Performance Measurement Period shall be an amount, not less than zero, equal to 12.5%
of Core Earnings for the Initial Partial-Quarter Performance Measurement Period, subject to the Applicable Hurdle Rate, which is calculated by multiplying 5% by a fraction consisting of (x) a numerator equal to the number of calendar days
included in the Initial Partial-Quarter Performance Measurement Period, and (y) a denominator equal to 365. For the sake of clarity, neither the Core Earnings for, nor the number of calendar days included in, the Initial Partial-Quarter
Performance Period, will be factored into the computation of Performance Fees for subsequent Partial-Year Performance Measurement Periods or Four-Quarter Performance Measurement Periods. 

Once Core Earnings exceed the Applicable Hurdle Rate, the Adviser shall be entitled to a
catch-up fee equal to the amount of Core Earnings in excess of the Applicable Hurdle Rate, until Core Earnings for the applicable performance measurement period exceed a percentage of average
Adjusted Capital equal to the Applicable Hurdle Rate divided by 0.875 (or 1 minus 0.125) for the applicable performance measurement period. Thereafter, the Advisor shall be entitled to receive 12.5% of Core Earnings. Applicable Hurdle
Rate means (i) the Annual Hurdle Rate with respect to a Four-Quarter Performance Measurement Period or (ii) the Annual Hurdle Rate as adjusted above with respect to a Partial-Year Performance Measurement Period and the Initial
Partial-Quarter Measurement Period, as applicable. The Performance Fee shall be calculated based on the full Management Fee earned and regardless of whether the Adviser elects to receive such fee in cash or cash equivalent aggregate NAV amounts of
Common Shares. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Adviser has agreed to waive the Performance Fee for the first nine months
commencing on and including the Commencement Date, subject to the option to extend the fee waiver in the sole discretion of the Adviser and (ii) the Adviser has agreed to waive the Performance Fee with respect to the Class F-I Common Shares until the Third Anniversary or, if a repurchase request was made before the Third Anniversary for all outstanding Class F-I Shares under the
Companys share repurchase plan, until all such shares have been redeemed. (For purposes of calculating the Performance Fee for the Class F-I Common Shares after the applicable waiver period,
(x) Core Earnings with respect to such shares during the applicable waiver period shall be ignored and (y) Commencement Date as used in the first three paragraphs of this Section 10(b) shall be deemed to refer to the date
immediately following the end of such waiver period.) 

13 

For the avoidance of doubt and consistent with the definition of Core Earnings, no
Performance Fee shall be payable with respect to the Class F-II Common Shares. 

(c) The
Management Fee and Performance Fee may be paid, at the Advisers election, in cash or cash equivalent aggregate NAV amounts of Common Shares, or any combination thereof. To the extent that (a) the Adviser elects to receive any portion of
its Management Fee or Performance Fee in Common Shares (in a series, class or classes of its choosing) or (b) the Adviser or its Affiliates (the GS Parties) otherwise acquire Common Shares, then the GS Parties may, subject to
certain limitations, elect to have the Company repurchase such Common Shares for cash at a later date at the then-current NAV per Common Share. Common Shares obtained by the GS Parties will not be eligible for repurchase through the Companys
share repurchase plan, and therefore are not subject to the repurchase limits of the share repurchase plan or any reduction or penalty for an early repurchase; provided, however, that (a) any such repurchase requests from the GS Parties will be
honored at the end of a quarter in conjunction with repurchase requests under the Companys share repurchase plan, and (b) the Affiliate Transaction Committee must approve all repurchase requests submitted by the GS Parties. The
Affiliate Transaction Committee may delegate authority to a member of the Affiliate Transaction Committee to approve repurchase requests submitted by the GS Parties other than those requests that when combined with any stockholder repurchase
requests under the Companys share repurchase plan would cause the Company to exceed the 5% quarterly limitation on repurchases. Further, the Affiliate Transaction Committee may at any time, in its sole discretion, limit or revoke the rights of
the GS Parties to elect repurchase of Common Shares, and stop any pending repurchase as long as it has not been settled. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Common Shares acquired by the GS Parties as a result of the GS Commitment, including pursuant to
the distribution reinvestment plan, will be subject to the repurchase terms set forth in the subscription agreement between the parties regarding the investment. 

(d) In the event this Agreement is terminated or its term expires without renewal, the Adviser will be entitled to receive each of its
prorated Management Fee and Performance Fee through the date of termination. Such pro ration shall take into account the number of days of any partial calendar month or calendar year for which this Agreement was in effect. 

(e) In the event the Company commences a liquidation of its Investments during any calendar year, the Company will pay the Adviser the
Management Fee and the Performance Fee from the proceeds of the liquidation. 

(f) With respect to any Common Shares held by the
Adviser or issuable to it pursuant to this Agreement (collectively, the Adviser Shares), within six months after a Listing of any class or series of Common Shares, the Adviser and the Company covenant and agree to negotiate in
good faith and enter into a registration rights agreement for the Adviser Shares with terms mutually agreeable to the Adviser and the Company. Such registration rights agreement shall be in customary form for agreements of this type entered into by
REITs with institutional investors prior to an initial public offering and will provide for: (a) a long-form demand registration right exercisable once by the Adviser; (b) shelf registration rights so long as Form S-3 is available to the Company; (c) piggy-back registration rights; and (d) in the event of underwriters cut-backs in relation to a demand
registration, a shelf registration or any piggyback registration, the ability of the Company to reduce the number of Adviser Shares to be registered on a pro rata basis with other registering stockholders. If a class or series of Common Shares other
than Adviser Shares are Listed, such registration rights agreement shall provide for conversion of Adviser Shares to the Listed class or series of Common Shares based on the relative net asset value per share, determined on a consistent basis, and
the registration rights above shall apply to the Common Shares received upon such conversion of Adviser Shares. 

14 

11. EXPENSES

(a) Subject to Sections 4(e) and 11(b), the Adviser shall be responsible for the expenses related to any and all personnel of the
Adviser who provide investment advisory services to the Company pursuant to this Agreement (including, without limitation, each of the officers of the Company and any Directors who are also directors, officers or employees of the Adviser or any of
its Affiliates), including, without limitation, salaries, bonus and other wages, payroll taxes and the cost of employee benefit plans of such personnel, and costs of insurance with respect to such personnel (Adviser Expenses).

(b) In addition to the compensation paid to the Adviser pursuant to Section 10 hereof, the Company shall pay all of its costs
and expenses directly or reimburse the Adviser or its Affiliates for costs and expenses of the Adviser and its Affiliates incurred on behalf of the Company, other than Adviser Expenses. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is
specifically agreed that the following costs and expenses of the Company are not Adviser Expenses and shall be paid by the Company and shall not be paid by the Adviser or Affiliates of the Adviser: 

(i) Organization and Offering Expenses (acknowledging that Selling Commissions are deducted from Offering proceeds at the
time of sale of the Shares); 

(ii) Acquisition Expenses, subject to limitations set forth in the Corporate Governance
Guidelines; 

(iii) fees, costs and expenses in connection with the issuance and transaction costs incident to the
trading, registering, origination, settling, disposition and financing of the Investments of the Company and its subsidiaries (whether or not consummated), including brokerage commissions, hedging costs, prime brokerage fees, custodial expenses,
clearing and settlement charges, and other investment costs fees and expenses actually incurred in connection with the pursuit, making, holding, originating, settling, managing, monitoring or disposing of actual or potential investments; 

(iv) the actual cost of goods and services used by the Company and obtained from Persons not Affiliated with the Adviser,
including fees paid to administrators, consultants, attorneys, technology providers and other services providers, and brokerage fees paid in connection with the origination, acquisition and/or sale of Investments; 

(v) all fees, costs and expenses of legal, tax, administration, accounting, consulting, auditing (including internal
audit), finance, administrative, investment banking, capital market, transfer agency, escrow agency, custody, prime brokerage, asset management, data or technology services and other non-investment advisory
services rendered to the Company by the Adviser or its Affiliates in compliance with Section 4(e); 

(vi) all
costs, expenses and fees incurred by the Company in connection with the activities, meetings, conferences, symposia or other gatherings related to the Company, its portfolio investments or sector opportunities, as determined by the Adviser (whether
or not the associated investment opportunity is consummated by the Company and/or by one or more Other GS Accounts), including of representatives of the Company and Other GS Accounts, as well as consulting groups, and industry advisors (including,
without limitation, activities such as pipeline vetting, strategic planning for the Company and administrative matters (e.g., meetings with the Adviser), in each case, whether held at Goldman Sachss offices or elsewhere (in each case, which
meetings may or may not include actual and prospective investors of the Company and/or of Other GS Accounts and other third-party attendees)); 

15 

(vii) expenses of acquiring, originating, managing and disposing the
Companys Investments, whether payable to an Affiliate of the Adviser or a non-Affiliated Person; 

(viii) the compensation and expenses of the Directors (excluding those directors who are directors, officers or employees
of the Adviser) and the cost of liability insurance to indemnify the Companys directors and officers; 

(ix) interest and fees and expenses arising out of borrowings made by the Company, including, but not limited to, costs
associated with the establishment and maintenance of any of the Companys credit facilities and the cost of compliance with lender requests, other financing arrangements, or other indebtedness of the Company (including commitment fees,
accounting fees, legal fees, closing and other similar costs) or any of the Companys securities offerings; 

(x) expenses connected with communications to holders of the Companys securities or securities of the subsidiaries
and other bookkeeping and clerical work necessary in maintaining relations with holders of such securities and in complying with the continuous reporting and other requirements of governmental bodies or agencies, including, without limitation, all
costs of preparing and filing required reports with the SEC, the costs payable by the Company to any transfer agent and registrar, expenses in connection with the listing and/or trading of the Companys securities on any exchange, the fees
payable by the Company to any such exchange in connection with its listing, costs of preparing, printing and mailing the Companys annual report to the Stockholders and proxy materials with respect to any meeting of the Stockholders and any
other reports or related statements; 

(xi) the Companys allocable share of costs associated with
technology-related expenses, including without limitation, any computer software or hardware, electronic equipment or purchased information technology services from third-party vendors or Affiliates of the Adviser, technology service providers and
related software/hardware utilized in connection with the Companys investment and operational activities; 

(xii) fees, costs and expenses related to obtaining, implementing (including initial onboarding), and maintaining
(including licensing and subscription fees and expenses) any credit facility, portfolio, valuation, or other related data monitoring and / or reporting software for the Company and its subsidiaries obtained from Persons not affiliated with the
Adviser (such as, for example, iLevel); 

(xiii) the Companys allocable share of expenses incurred by managers,
officers, personnel and agents of the Adviser for travel on the Companys behalf and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with the
origination, acquisition, financing, refinancing, sale or other disposition of an Investment; 

(xiv) the costs of any
litigation involving the Company or its assets and the amount of any judgments or settlements paid in connection therewith, directors and officers, liability or other insurance and indemnification or extraordinary expense or liability relating to
the affairs of the Company; 

(xv) all taxes and statutory, regulatory or license fees or other governmental charges;

16 

(xvi) all insurance costs (which insurance premiums may cover Other GS
Accounts in which case the insurance premiums will be allocated amongst the Company and Other GS Accounts) incurred in connection with the operation of the Companys business except for the costs attributable to the insurance that the Adviser
elects to carry for itself and its personnel; 

(xvii) expenses connected with the payments of interest, dividends or
distributions in cash or any other form authorized or caused to be made by the Board to or on account of holders of the Companys securities, including, without limitation, in connection with any distribution reinvestment plan; 

(xviii) expenses related to hedging strategies incurred in connection with the Companys operations; 

(xix) expenses related to compliance by the Company with any applicable law, rule or directive or any other regulatory
requirement, including, without limitation, costs, expenses and fees incurred in connection with establishing, implementing, monitoring and/or measuring the impact of any ESG policies and programs with respect to the Company or its Investments or
prospective Investments, including without limitation all fees, costs, and expenses incurred in connection with reporting on such ESG policies and programs or otherwise evaluating the Company or its Investments or prospective Investments
achievement of any ESG objectives; 

(xx) any judgment or settlement of pending or threatened proceedings (whether
civil, criminal or otherwise) against the Company, or against any Director or officer of the Company or in his or her capacity as such for which the Company is required to indemnify such Director or officer by any court or governmental agency; 

(xxi) legal costs and expenses associated with indemnity, litigation, claims, and settlements; 

(xxii) expenses incurred in connection with the formation, organization, continuation, liquidation and/or restructuring
of any corporation, partnership, or other entity through which the Companys investments are made or in which any such entity invests; and 

(xxiii) expenses incurred related to industry association memberships or attending industry conferences on behalf of the
Company. 

(c) The Adviser may, at its option, elect not to seek reimbursement for certain expenses during a given period, which
determination shall not be deemed to construe a waiver of reimbursement for similar expenses in future periods. 

(d) Any
reimbursement payments owed by the Company to the Adviser may be offset by the Adviser against amounts due to the Company from the Adviser. Cost and expense reimbursement to the Adviser shall be subject to adjustment at the end of each calendar year
in connection with the annual audit of the Company. 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Adviser shall pay for all Organization
and Offering Expenses (other than Selling Commissions and Distribution Fees) incurred prior to the first anniversary of the Commencement Date. All Organization and Offering Expenses paid by the Adviser pursuant to this Section 11(e) shall be
reimbursed by the Company to the Adviser in 60 equal monthly installments commencing with the first month following the first anniversary of the Commencement Date. 

17 

(f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate amount of expenses paid by the
Adviser pursuant to this Section 11 shall not exceed an amount (the Expense Payment Cap) that would (A) together with any other gross income of the Company for such year that is not described in Section 856(c)(2) of
the Code, exceed 5% of the gross income (as determined for purposes of Code Section 856(c)(2)) of the Company for such year, or (B) together with any other gross income of the Company for such year that is not described in
Section 856(c)(3) of the Code, exceed 25% of the gross income (as determined for purposes of Section 856(c)(3) of the Code) of the Company, whichever of clauses (A) or (B) is more restrictive, and assuming for purposes of determining
the Expense Payment Cap that the expenses paid by the Adviser constitute gross income to the Company not described in Sections 856(c)(2) and 856(c)(3) of the Code. The Company and the Adviser acknowledge and agree that providing for the Expense
Payment Cap is intended to ensure that the Advisers payment of expenses pursuant to this Section 11, assuming that the payment of such expenses constitutes gross income not described in Sections 856(c)(2) and 856(c)(3) of the Code,
together with any other gross income of the Company not described in Sections 856(c)(2) or 856(c)(3) of the Code, as applicable, shall not cause the Company to fail the 95% income test described in Section 856(c)(2) of the Code or the 75%
income test described in Section 856(c)(3) of the Code for any taxable year, and the provisions of this Agreement regarding the determination and payment of expenses and the Expense Payment Cap shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with
such intention. In furtherance of the foregoing, on or prior to each date that the Adviser intends to pay an expense pursuant to this Section 11, the Adviser shall deposit the funds for such expenses into a
non-interest-bearing escrow account maintained by an escrow agent determined by the Company (the Escrow Account). The escrow agent shall thereafter cause to be released to the applicable
party, as promptly as practicable after the escrow agent receives written instruction from the Company (which may be after the Advisers intended payment date or at such other times as determined by the Company), an amount that would not cause
a violation of the limitations described above, as determined by the Company. If any funds remain in the Escrow Account after the close of the third taxable year following the year in which such funds were deposited in the Escrow Account (the
Final Release Date), the escrow agent shall release such remaining amount to the appropriate party as promptly as practicable thereafter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, prior to the Final Release Date, the Company has received
a written and reasoned opinion rendered by a nationally recognized law or accounting firm that the Advisers payment of the relevant expenses should constitute qualifying income for purposes of Code Sections 856(c)(2) and 856(c)(3), or should
be excluded from gross income for purposes of such Code sections (a Qualifying Income Opinion), the Company will be entitled to request the escrow agent release to the appropriate party the relevant funds remaining in the Escrow
Account. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Company shall have no right, claim or title to any amount in the Escrow Account. The Company and the Adviser shall bear equally any costs associated with establishing and maintaining the Escrow
Account. The parties intend and agree that if (i) the Company has not obtained a Qualifying Income Opinion and (ii) the Expense Payment Cap causes a reduction in the amount of the expenses that would otherwise be paid by the Adviser
pursuant to this Section 11 for any calendar year (as determined by the Company), the amount of such reduction shall not be due and payable hereunder and shall not be treated for tax and other applicable purposes as paid by the Adviser or as
income to the Company. 

12. OTHER SERVICES.Should the Board request that the Adviser or any director, officer or
employee thereof render services for the Company other than set forth in Section 3, such services shall be separately compensated at such rates and in such amounts as are agreed by the Adviser and Board, and subject to the limitations contained
in the Corporate Governance Guidelines, and shall not be deemed to be services pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

13. REIMBURSEMENT TO THE ADVISER. Commencing four fiscal quarters after the conveyance to the Company of its first Warehoused
Investment, the Company shall not reimburse the Adviser at the end of any fiscal quarter for Total Operating Expenses that in the four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended (the Expense Year) exceed (the Excess
Amount) the greater of 2.0% of Average 

18 

Invested Assets or 25.0% of Net Income (the 2%/25% Guidelines) for such four fiscal quarters unless the Independent Directors determine that such Excess Amount was justified,
based on such factors that the Independent Directors deem sufficient. If the Independent Directors do not approve such Excess Amount as being so justified, the Adviser shall reimburse the Company the amount by which the Total Operating Expenses
exceeded the 2%/25% Guidelines. If the Independent Directors determine such Excess Amount was justified and if the Company has a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act, then, within 60 days after the end of any fiscal quarter of the
Company for which Total Operating Expenses for the Expense Year exceed the 2%/25% Guidelines, the Adviser, at the direction of the Independent Directors, shall cause such fact to be disclosed to the Stockholders in writing (or the Company shall
disclose such fact to the Stockholders in the next quarterly report of the Company or by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 60 days of such quarter end),
together with an explanation of the factors the Independent Directors considered in determining that such excess was justified. The Company will ensure that such determination will be reflected in the minutes of the meetings of the Board. All
figures used in the foregoing computation shall be determined in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. 

14. NO
JOINT VENTURE. The Company, on the one hand, and the Adviser on the other, are not partners or joint venturers with each other, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to make them such partners or joint venturers or impose any
liability as such on either of them. 

15. TERM OF AGREEMENT. This Agreement shall continue in force for a period of one year
from June 10, 2024, subject to an unlimited number of successive one-year renewals upon mutual consent of the parties. It will be the duty of the Board to evaluate the performance of the Adviser annually
before renewing the Agreement in accordance with the Corporate Governance Guidelines, and each such renewal shall be for a term of no more than one year. 

16. TERMINATION BY THE PARTIES. This Agreement may be terminated (i) at the option of the Adviser immediately upon a Change
of Control of the Company; (ii) immediately by the Company for Cause or upon the bankruptcy of the Adviser; (iii) upon 60 days written notice without Cause or penalty by a majority vote of the Independent Directors; or (iv) upon
60 days written notice by the Adviser. The provisions of Sections 18 through 22 survive termination of this Agreement. 

17. ASSIGNMENT TO AN AFFILIATE. This Agreement may be assigned by the Adviser to an Affiliate of the Adviser with the approval of
a majority of the Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors). The Adviser may assign any rights to receive fees or other payments under this Agreement to any Person without obtaining the consent of the Board. This Agreement shall
not be assigned by the Company without the approval of the Adviser, except in the case of an assignment by the Company to a corporation or other organization which is a successor to all of the assets, rights and obligations of the Company, in which
case such successor organization shall be bound hereunder and by the terms of said assignment in the same manner as the Company are bound by this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding on successors to the Company resulting from a Change in
Control or sale of all or substantially all the assets of the Company, and shall likewise be binding on any successor to the Adviser. 

18. PAYMENTS TO AND DUTIES OF ADVISER UPON TERMINATION. 

(a) After the Termination Date, the Adviser shall not be entitled to compensation for further services hereunder except it shall be
entitled to receive from the Company within 30 days after the effective date of such termination all unpaid reimbursements of expenses and all earned but unpaid fees payable to the Adviser prior to termination of this Agreement, subject to the
2%/25% Guidelines to the extent applicable. 

19 

(b) the Adviser shall promptly upon termination: 

(i) pay over to the Company all money collected and held for the account of the Company pursuant to this Agreement, after
deducting any accrued compensation and reimbursement for its expenses to which it is then entitled; 

(ii) deliver to
the Board a full accounting, including a statement showing all payments collected by it and a statement of all money held by it, covering the period following the date of the last accounting furnished to the Board; 

(iii) deliver to the Board all assets, including all Investments, and documents of the Company then in the custody of the
Adviser; and 

(iv) cooperate with, and take all commercially reasonable actions requested by, the Company and Board
in making an orderly transition of the advisory function, provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Adviser and its Affiliates shall be reimbursed for all internal and third-party expenses incurred in connection
with providing such transition (including salaries, benefits and overhead of personnel). 

19. INDEMNIFICATION BY THE
COMPANY.The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Adviser and its Affiliates, including their respective officers, directors, partners and employees, from all liability, claims, damages or losses arising in the performance of
their duties hereunder, and related expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, to the extent such liability, claims, damages or losses and related expenses are not fully reimbursed by insurance, and to the fullest extent possible without
such indemnification being inconsistent with the laws of the State of Maryland or the Charter. 

20. INDEMNIFICATION BY
ADVISER.The Adviser shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company from contract or other liability, claims, damages, taxes or losses and related expenses including attorneys fees, to the extent that (i) such liability, claims,
damages, taxes or losses and related expenses are not fully reimbursed by insurance and (ii) are incurred by reason of the Advisers bad faith, fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its duties under this
Agreement; provided, however, that the Adviser shall not be held responsible for any action of the Board in following or declining to follow any advice or recommendation given by the Adviser. 

21. NON-SOLICITATION. In the event of a termination without Cause of this Agreement by
the Company pursuant to Section 16(iii) hereof, for two (2) years after the Termination Date, the Company shall not, without the consent of the Adviser, employ or otherwise retain any employee of the Adviser or any of its Affiliates or any
person who has been employed by the Adviser or any of its Affiliates at any time within the two (2) year period immediately preceding the date on which such person commences employment with or is otherwise retained by the Company. The Company
acknowledges and agrees that, in addition to any damages, the Adviser may be entitled to equitable relief for any violation of this Section 21 by the Company, including, without limitation, injunctive relief. 

22. MISCELLANEOUS. 

(a) Notices. Any notice, report or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing
unless some other method of giving such notice, report or other communication is required by the Charter, the Bylaws, or accepted by the party to whom it is given, and shall be given by being delivered by hand, by courier or overnight carrier, by
registered or certified mail, by electronic mail or posted on a password protected website maintained by the Adviser and for which the 

20 

Company has received access instructions by electronic mail, when posted, using the contact information set forth herein: 

The Company: 

Goldman Sachs Real Finance Trust Inc

200 West Street

New York, New York 10282

Attention: Chief Financial Officer

Email: mallika.sinha@gs.com

with required copies to: 

DLA Piper (US) LLP

4141 Parklake Ave, Suite 300

Raleigh, NC 27516

Attention: Robert H. Bergdolt

Email: robert.bergdolt@us.dlapiper.com

Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc.

200 West Street

New York, New York 10282

Attention: Dylan Sherwood and David Plutzer

Email: dylan.sherwood@gs.com and david.plutzer@gs.com

The Adviser: 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

200 West Street

New York, New York 10282

Attention: Dylan Sherwood, David Plutzer and Mallika Sinha

Email: dylan.sherwood@gs.com, david.plutzer@gs.com and mallika.sinha@gs.com

with required copies to: 

DLA Piper (US) LLP

4141 Parklake Ave, Suite 300

Raleigh, NC 27516

Attention: Robert H. Bergdolt

Email: robert.bergdolt@us.dlapiper.com

Any party may at any time give notice in writing to the other parties of a change in its address for the purposes of this
Section 22(a). 

(b) Modification. This Agreement shall not be changed, modified, terminated, or discharged, in
whole or in part, except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto, or their respective successors or assignees. 

(c) Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are independent of and severable from each other, and no provision
shall be affected or rendered invalid or unenforceable by virtue of the fact that for any reason any other or others of them may be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part. 

(d) Governing Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction; Jury Trial. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the Federal courts of the United States of America located in Borough of Manhattan,
New York for purposes of any suit, action or other proceeding arising from this Agreement, and hereby waive, and agree not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement hereof or thereof, that it is
not subject thereto or that such action, suit or proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable 

21 

in such courts or that the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this Agreement or any such document may not be enforced in or by such courts. Each of the parties hereby consent to and
grant any such court jurisdiction over the person of such parties and over the subject matter of any such dispute. EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. 

(e) Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and
understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with
respect to the subject matter hereof. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof. 

(f) Indulgences, No Waivers. Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power
or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power or
privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective unless it
is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver. 

(g) Gender; Number. Words used herein
regardless of the number and gender specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other number, singular or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine or neuter, as the context requires. 

(h) Headings. The titles and headings of Sections and Subsections contained in this Agreement are for convenience only,
and they neither form a part of this Agreement nor are they to be used in the construction or interpretation hereof. 

(i) Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered
by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law (e.g., www.docusign.com)), or other transmission method. This Agreement shall become binding when one or
more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. 

(j) Commodity Exchange Act. The Company (i) represents to the Adviser that the Company is a qualified eligible
person for purposes of Rule 4.7 under the Commodity Exchange Act; (ii) consents to the Company being an exempt account for purposes of such rule; and (iii) acknowledges that the Company has not been furnished with a
disclosure document prepared in accordance with Rule 4.31 under the Commodity Exchange Act because no such document is required pursuant to Rule 4.7 under the Commodity Exchange Act. 

22 

PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE COMMISSION) IN
CONNECTION WITH ACCOUNTS OF QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS, THIS ACCOUNT DOCUMENT IS NOT REQUIRED TO BE, AND HAS NOT BEEN, FILED WITH THE COMMISSION. THE COMMISSION DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A TRADING PROGRAM OR UPON THE ADEQUACY
OR ACCURACY OF COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR DISCLOSURE. CONSEQUENTLY, THE COMMISSION HAS NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS TRADING PROGRAM OR THIS ACCOUNT DOCUMENT. 

* * * * 

[signature page
follows] 

23 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date and year
first above written. 

Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc

By: 

/s/ Mallika Sinha

Name: Mallika Sinha

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

By: 

/s/ Mallika Sinha

Name: Mallika Sinha

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d848946dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

PLACEMENT
AGENT AGREEMENT 

between 

GOLDMAN SACHS REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST INC 

and 

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO.
LLC 

AMENDED AND RESTATED PLACEMENT AGENT AGREEMENT 

This AMENDED AND RESTATED PLACEMENT AGENT AGREEMENT, dated as of January 27, 2025 (this Agreement), is entered into by and
among GOLDMAN SACHS REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST INC, a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Maryland (the Company), and GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of New
York (the Placement Agent). This Agreement amends, restates and replaces in its entirety that certain placement agent agreement dated as of June 10, 2024 by and between the Company and the Placement Agent. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the
Company proposes to offer for sale, on a continuous basis (the Offering), Series T shares, Series S shares, Series D shares, Series I shares and/or Class F-II shares of its common stock, par
value $0.01 per share (the Shares) in a primary offering (such shares referred to herein as Primary Shares) and, with the exception of the Class F-II shares, pursuant to the
Companys distribution reinvestment plan (such shares referred to herein as DRIP Shares), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Companys Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated September 9, 2024 (such
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum, as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, including by the documents incorporated by reference therein, is referred to herein as the Confidential Memorandum); 

WHEREAS, the Company registered its common stock under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) by
filing a registration statement on Form 10 (Form 10) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC); 

WHEREAS, following the effectiveness of the Form 10, the Company may offer, issue and sell any combination of Series T shares, Series S
shares, Series D shares, Series I shares and Class F-II shares and any other class or series of Shares established subsequent to the date of this Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to appoint the Placement Agent to obtain purchasers for the Shares and to facilitate the offering of the Shares
in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, the Placement Agent is ready and willing to act as a
placement agent for the Company and to provide the services necessary to effect the offering of the Shares, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth in this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, and with the intention of being legally bound hereby, the Company and the Placement Agent hereby agree as follows: 

1.
Defined Terms. 

Capitalized terms used, but not defined, herein shall have the meanings provided to such terms in the
Confidential Memorandum. As used in this Agreement, the term 

affiliate shall mean, with respect to any person or entity (person), any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such person, and any of such
persons directors, stockholders, partners, members, officers and employees. 

2. Appointment of Placement Agent. 

The Company hereby appoints the Placement Agent as a non-exclusive placement agent for the Company
for the period and upon the terms herein set forth, for the purposes of obtaining purchasers for, and assisting in the offering of, the Shares in the manner contemplated herein. The Placement Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to use
commercially reasonable efforts during such period to find eligible purchasers for the Shares. The Company, from time to time in its sole discretion, may appoint other placement agents, who may or may not be affiliated with the Placement Agent, on
such terms as the Company may determine. 

3. Offer and Sale of Shares. 

(a) Pursuant to the Confidential Memorandum, the Company is offering Shares on a continuous basis for an indefinite period of time.
Shares will be offered, subject to any minimum investment amount per subscriber (Subscriber) and class or series of Shares and terms and conditions of ownership and eligibility, as set forth in the Confidential Memorandum and the
Subscription Agreement (as defined below). The issuance and sale of any Shares to any Subscriber whose subscription is accepted by the Company shall be made as provided in the Confidential Memorandum and the subscription agreement (together with any
supplement and other materials required to be submitted therewith, the Subscription Agreement) completed and executed by such Subscriber in connection with the subscription. The first date on which the Company accepts subscriptions for
Shares in the Offering is the Initial Closing Date. The Company intends to hold an indefinite number of closings subsequent to the Initial Closing Date for the duration of the Companys continuous offering, as described in the
Confidential Memorandum (each date on which a subsequent closing is held, a Subsequent Closing Date). 

(b) Each
Subscriber will be required to deliver a completed Subscription Agreement to the Company or its agent pursuant to the instructions set forth in the Subscription Agreement. The full purchase price of the Shares being purchased pursuant to any such
Subscription Agreement shall be delivered in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Subscription Agreement and the Confidential Memorandum. No prospective purchaser shall have the right to purchase any Shares until its
Subscription Agreement shall have been accepted by the Company, as set forth in the Confidential Memorandum and the Subscription Agreement. The Company may reject any Subscription Agreement for any or no reason. 

(c) Affiliates of the Placement Agent may purchase Shares for their own account as principal, although they will be under no obligation
to do so. 

(d) Unless the Company and/or the Shares have been registered for public sale under the laws of a relevant jurisdiction
or otherwise permitted by applicable laws and regulations, neither the Placement Agent nor the Company, nor any person acting on behalf of either, including any affiliate or sales or marketing agent will offer to sell, offer for sale or sell the
Shares by means of any (i) form of general solicitation or general advertising, (ii) advertisement, 

2 

article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar medium or broadcast over television or radio, or (iii) seminar or meeting whose attendees have been
invited by any general solicitation or general advertising. 

(e) Offers of the Shares will be made by the Placement Agent, and any
person acting on its behalf, including any affiliate or sales or marketing agent, only through the Confidential Memorandum and other documents mutually agreed upon between the Placement Agent and the Company. At the time of solicitation, the
Placement Agent will deliver, or will cause to be delivered, the Confidential Memorandum to each prospective investor to whom the Placement Agent makes an offer of the Shares. 

(f) The Placement Agent, and any person acting on its behalf, including any affiliate or sales or marketing agent, will comply with all
applicable laws and regulations with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Shares; and neither the Placement Agent nor the Company nor any person acting on behalf of either, including any affiliate or sales or marketing agent, will offer
for sale or sell the Shares by means of any document or in any manner that does not comply with applicable laws and regulations. 

(g) The Placement Agent and the Company, and any person acting on behalf of either, shall offer the Shares in compliance with the
applicable law in any jurisdiction in which such offering is made. 

(h) The Placement Agent shall be entitled, at its own expense,
to appoint sub-agents, including affiliated sub-agents, which may include brokers, dealers and other financial intermediaries (collectively, the Sub-Placement Agents), to carry out the offer and sale of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement. 

4. Reliance. 

The
Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent, in arranging for the placement of the Shares, will do so in reliance on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Company contained herein. The Placement Agent acknowledges that
the Company, in its engagement of the Placement Agent in connection with the placement of the Shares, does so in reliance on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Placement Agent contained herein. 

5. Representations and Warranties of the Company. 

The Company represents and warrants to the Placement Agent, for its benefit that: 

(a) the Company is a duly formed and validly existing corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Maryland and has the
requisite power and authority to conduct the Companys business as contemplated by the Confidential Memorandum; 

(b) the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary action of the Company; 

3 

(c) the description of the Shares contained in the Confidential Memorandum conforms
in all material respects to the terms and conditions that will be set forth in the articles of incorporation and the bylaws of the Company (collectively, the Charter); 

(d) the Shares, when issued and paid for in the amounts and for the consideration described in the Confidential Memorandum and the
Subscription Agreements, will be fully paid and non-assessable and entitled to the rights and subject to the restrictions and conditions contained in the Charter; in no event shall any stockholder of the
Company (Stockholder) or former Stockholder be personally liable for the repayment and discharge of any debts and obligations of the Company or have any liability in respect of the debts and obligations of the Company, except as provided
in the Charter and to the extent otherwise required by law; 

(e) the Company (i) intends to elect to be treated as a real
estate investment trust and to operate in a manner so as to qualify as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and (ii) has an effective registration statement on Form 10 under the Exchange Act; and 

(f) assuming the compliance by the Placement Agent of its obligations hereunder, it is not necessary in connection with the offer, sale
and delivery of Shares to investors in the manner contemplated by this Agreement to register the Shares under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). 

6. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Placement Agent. 

The Placement Agent represents, warrants and agrees with the Company, for its benefit that: 

(a) the Placement Agent is a duly formed and validly existing limited liability company under the laws of the State of New York and has
the requisite power and authority to conduct its business as contemplated by its organizational documents; 

(b) the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Placement Agent has been duly authorized by all necessary action, and upon execution and delivery hereof, this Agreement will be a valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Placement Agent;

(c) the Placement Agent will offer the Shares for sale and will solicit offers to buy the Shares only in compliance with the
procedures described in the Confidential Memorandum and this Agreement and in accordance with applicable law; 

(d) as of the date
hereof, no permit, consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to, or filing with, any governmental or regulatory authority is required in connection with the (i) execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
(ii) consummation of any of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Confidential Memorandum; 

(e) neither the
Placement Agent, nor any affiliate of the Placement Agent, nor any person acting on behalf of the Placement Agent or its affiliates, shall offer the Shares in any jurisdiction, except in compliance with the applicable law in any such jurisdiction in
which such offering is made; 

4 

(f) the Placement Agent will notify the Company promptly of any occurrence of which
it becomes aware which is material in the context of the offering and sale of the Shares, including any event which shall lead the Placement Agent to reasonably believe that the Confidential Memorandum is or will be misleading in any material
respect, or which affects any of the representations, warranties, agreements and indemnities by the Placement Agent contained in this Agreement (or which would have affected any of the same if this Agreement had been entered into immediately
thereafter), and will take such steps as may be reasonably requested by the Company to remedy and/or publicize the same; 

(g) in
offering Shares, the Placement Agent, in its agreements with the Sub-Placement Agents, will require that the applicable Sub-Placement Agents comply with the provisions
of all applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors, including, without limitation, the provisions of Exchange Act Rule 15l-1 (Regulation Best Interest) (when and as
applicable) and applicable laws of the jurisdiction of which such investor is a resident. The Placement Agent, in its agreements with the Sub-Placement Agents, will require that the Sub-Placement Agents shall sell Shares only to those persons who are eligible to purchase such Shares as described in the Confidential Memorandum and only through those
Sub-Placement Agents who are authorized to sell such Shares. The Placement Agent, in its agreements with the Sub-Placement Agents, shall require the applicable Sub-Placement Agents to maintain, for at least six years, a record of the information obtained to determine that an investor meets the financial qualification and suitability standards imposed on the offer and sale
of the Shares; 

(h) the Placement Agent shall maintain records reflecting the identity of all persons to which it offered and sold
Shares as well information regarding the suitability of such Shares for such offerees and investors and the eligibility of such persons to invest in the Company consistent with the Confidential Memorandum. The Placement Agent shall retain such
records for at least six years in accordance with applicable law and provide copies to the Company upon request; 

(i) (i) the
Placement Agent, in connection with each sale of Shares made by or through it, has complied, and will comply, with all applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including without limitation the USA Patriot Act of 2001, as amended
(collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws); the Placement Agent has established and will maintain an anti-money laundering compliance program as required by the Anti-Money Laundering Laws, will conduct in relation to each Person who
purchases Shares from or through it such due diligence investigations as may be required by the Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including investigations with respect to the legitimacy of the applicable purchaser (together with any beneficial owner
represented by such purchaser) and the origin of the funds used by such purchaser (or beneficial owner) to purchase its Shares, and maintains, and will maintain, sufficient information to identify the applicable purchaser (and any related beneficial
owner) for purposes of the Anti-Money Laundering Laws; the Placement Agent will promptly provide the Company with such information (including copies of written investor representations and internal due diligence or investigatory reports prepared by
the Placement Agent) as the Company may from time to time reasonably request to establish, or to demonstrate, compliance by the Company with any Anti-

5 

Money Laundering Laws that are now, or hereafter become, applicable to it in connection with the offering of the Shares (Applicable AML Laws); and the Placement Agent will cooperate
in good faith with the Company to amend the offering procedures set forth herein and the Placement Agents duties hereunder in such manner as may from time to time be required for the Company to establish compliance with Applicable AML Laws;

(ii) the Placement Agent has used and will use commercially reasonable due diligence with respect to accepting as clients any
investors of the Company who have purchased or will purchase through the Placement Agent and with respect to introducing investors to the Company, and to the best of the Placement Agents knowledge, such clients are of good business reputation
and such clients funds used to purchase Shares were not and will not be derived from, nor the product of, any criminal activity; 

(iii) the Placement Agent will reasonably believe immediately prior to making any offer or sale of Shares that (A) any prospective
investor (U.S. Person or non-U.S. Person, as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) solicited by the Placement Agent and investing in the Shares in reliance on Regulation D under the Securities Act
is an accredited investor (as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act), with whom the Placement Agent or any person acting on its behalf, including any affiliate or designee, has a substantive pre-existing relationship (as such term is used in the regulatory regime relating to Regulation D under the Securities Act) and meets such other eligibility criteria as are set forth in the Confidential
Memorandum and Subscription Agreement, and (B) any prospective investor who is not a U.S. Person (as such term is defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) that is solicited by the Placement Agent and investing in the Shares in reliance
on Regulation S under the Securities Act meets the eligibility criteria set forth in the Confidential Memorandum, Subscription Agreement and Regulation S under the Securities Act (provided that any offer or sale of Shares made in reliance on
Regulation S shall be made pursuant to an agreement with customary representations, warranties and other terms for offshore offers and sales made in reliance on Regulation S); 

(iv) the Placement Agent is, and agrees that it will be at all times with respect to this Agreement, appropriately licensed in the
country of its domicile, or otherwise exempt from such requirements, to the extent required by applicable law, in each jurisdiction in which the Placement Agent will perform the duties set forth in this Agreement; 

(v) the Placement Agent will ensure that all of its associated persons involved in offering and selling the Shares have all necessary
licenses and registrations to do so under applicable law; 

(j) the Placement Agent is registered under the Exchange Act as a
broker-dealer and is a member of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). The Placement Agent has and will maintain all licenses and registrations necessary under applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations,
including the rules and regulation of any self-regulatory organization (including FINRA) with competent jurisdiction, to provide the services required to be provided by the Placement Agent hereunder; 

6 

(k) the Placement Agent shall not distribute a Confidential Memorandum, supplement or
amendment thereto or any supplemental information to any offeree solicited by the Placement Agent and investing in the Shares in reliance on Regulation D under the Securities Act with whom the Placement Agent does not have a substantive pre-existing relationship; 

(l) as of the date hereof and, except as set forth on Schedule
1, the Placement Agent reasonably believes that neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Covered Persons (as defined in Exhibit A) is currently or has been subject to any of the acts enumerated in Rule 506(d)(1) of the Securities Act,
that would either (i) disqualify or (ii) be required to be disclosed to investors under Rule 506(e) of the Securities Act to avoid disqualification of, the offering of Shares as contemplated by this Agreement, from utilizing the exemption
provided under Rule 506(a) of the Securities Act (any such act, a Disqualifying Event). In connection with the foregoing, the Placement Agent represents that it has exercised reasonable care, in accordance with section (e) of Rule
506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act (Rule 506), in making a factual inquiry into whether any Disqualifying Event exists with respect to the Placement Agent or any of its Covered Persons; 

(m) the Placement Agent will promptly notify the Company if it becomes aware of any Covered Person who is or becomes the subject of a
Disqualifying Event. Upon becoming aware of a Disqualifying Event occurring on or after September 23, 2013, with respect to a Covered Person of the Placement Agent, the Placement Agent shall immediately (i) cease any and all payments to
such Covered Person(s) relating to the offering and (ii) prevent any such Covered Person(s) from continuing to participate in the offering, unless, with respect to clauses (i) or (ii), the Company otherwise agrees, including based on
applicable SEC guidance or a valid waiver applicable to such Covered Person. Upon written request from the Company, the Placement Agent shall provide written confirmation that it has taken the steps described in clauses (i) and (ii) of the
preceding sentence; 

(n) the Placement Agent has and maintains policies, procedures and internal controls that are reasonably
designed to ensure that no Covered Person that has been subject to a Disqualifying Event is permitted to participate in any of the Companys offerings pursuant to Rule 506; 

(o) the Placement Agent shall make periodic factual inquiry as to the occurrence or existence of any Disqualifying Events with respect
to itself and its Covered Persons, and shall conduct such factual inquiry with reasonable care in accordance with subsection (d)(2)(iv) of Rule 506; 

(p) the Placement Agent agrees that the Company may disclose to investors and prospective investors information in
Schedule 1 and any other information that Placement Agent provides to the Company pursuant to this Agreement in connection with the Companys compliance with section (e) of Rule 506, including, without limitation,
the identities of the Placement Agent and any of its relevant Covered Persons; 

(q) if a Disqualifying Event occurs with respect to
the Placement Agent, upon becoming aware of such fact, the Placement Agent shall promptly notify the Company of 

7 

such fact and this Agreement shall be automatically terminated as of the occurrence of the Disqualifying Event unless the Company determines otherwise; and 

(r) the Placement Agent has submitted, or will submit within the required deadline, to FINRA a copy of the Confidential Memorandum and
any other related offering documents, including any materially amended versions thereof in accordance with the requirements of FINRA Rule 5122 or Rule 5123, as applicable, and shall update such FINRA filing as required by such rules. 

7. Covenants of the Company. 

The Company covenants with the Placement Agent that: 

(a) the Company will require any other person appointed as placement agent or sub-placement
agent to offer the Shares for sale, or solicit offers to buy the Shares, only in accordance with the procedures described in the Confidential Memorandum and in accordance with applicable law; 

(b) the Company will, so long as any of the Shares remain outstanding, furnish directly to the Placement Agent copies of each
communication sent to the Stockholders, including any annual or interim report of the Company, as soon as such communications or reports are delivered or made available to Stockholders, provided such obligation shall cease to be in effect to the
extent the Company registers the Shares under the Exchange Act; 

(c) neither the Company, nor any affiliate of the Company, shall
offer the Shares in any jurisdiction, except in compliance with the applicable law in any such jurisdiction in which such offering is made; and 

(d) the Company will notify the Placement Agent promptly of any occurrence of which it becomes aware which is material in the context
of the offering and sale of the Shares, including any event which shall lead the Company to reasonably believe that the Confidential Memorandum is or will be misleading in any material respect, or which affects any of the representations,
warranties, agreements and indemnities by the Company contained in this Agreement (or which would have affected any of the same if this Agreement had been entered into immediately thereafter) and will take such steps as may be reasonably requested
by the Placement Agent to remedy and/or publicize the same and to indemnify the Placement Agent out of the assets of the Company in respect of any such steps taken by it. 

8A. Payment of Fees and Expenses. 

(a) The Company will pay all expenses of the offering of Shares, including, without limitation (i) the fees, disbursements and
expenses of counsel to the Company; (ii) expenses of preparing, reproducing, mailing and/or delivering offering and sales materials, including annual reports, to purchasers; (iii) the fees, disbursements and expenses of counsel to the
Placement Agent; (iv) the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Placement Agent in marketing the Shares and any additional amounts it may incur or may
have incurred in connection with the marketing of the Shares; and (v) such other fees and expenses which the Placement Agent and the Company mutually agree are payable by the Company. 

8 

(b) The Company will pay and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify
and hold harmless the Placement Agent from, any taxes or fees payable in respect of the execution of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereunder. 

8B. Compensation. 

(a) Subject to volume discounts and other special circumstances described in or otherwise provided in this Agreement and under the
caption Plan of Distribution in the Confidential Memorandum, which may be amended, supplemented and restated from time to time, the Company will pay to the Placement Agent selling commissions in the amount of (a) up to 3.0% of the
Primary Share offering price before any applicable selling commissions and placement fees (the transaction price) per share of each sale of Series T Primary Shares, (b) up to 3.5% of the transaction price per share of each sale of
Series S Primary Shares and (c) up to 1.5% of the transaction price per share of each sale of Series D Primary Shares. The applicable selling commissions payable to the Placement Agent will be paid substantially concurrently with the execution
by the Company of orders submitted by purchasers of Series T Primary Shares, Series S Primary Shares and Series D Primary Shares, as applicable, and all or a portion of the selling commissions may be reallowed by the Placement Agent to the Sub-Placement Agents who sold the Series T Primary Shares, Series S Primary Shares and Series D Primary Shares giving rise to such selling commissions, as described more fully in the
Sub-Placement Agent Agreement entered into with each such Sub-Placement Agent. The Company will not pay to the Placement Agent any selling commissions in respect of the
purchase of any Series I shares, Class F-II shares or DRIP Shares. 

(b) Subject to
special circumstances described in or otherwise provided in this Agreement and under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Confidential Memorandum, which may be amended, supplemented and restated from time to time, the Company will pay
to the Placement Agent placement fees in the amount of up to 0.5% of the transaction price per share of each sale of Series T Primary Shares. The applicable placement fees payable to the Placement Agent will be paid substantially concurrently with
the execution by the Company of orders submitted by purchasers of Series T Primary Shares, and all or a portion of the placement fees may be reallowed by the Placement Agent to the Sub-Placement Agents who
sold the Series T Primary Shares giving rise to such selling commissions, as described more fully in the Sub-Placement Agent Agreement entered into with each such
Sub-Placement Agent. The Company will not pay to the Placement Agent any placement fees in respect of the purchase of any Series S shares, Series D shares, Series I shares,
Class F-II shares or DRIP Shares. 

(c) Subject to circumstances described in or
otherwise provided in this Agreement and under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Confidential Memorandum, which may be amended, supplemented and restated from time to time, the Company will pay to the Placement Agent an ongoing
distribution fee (the Distribution Fee) based on the net asset values of each eligible class or series of Shares calculated and paid monthly in arrears, as set forth in Plan of Distribution in the Confidential Memorandum. All
or a portion of the Distribution Fee may be reallowed by the Placement Agent to the Sub-Placement Agents that sold the Shares to which such Distribution Fee are attributable to the extent the Sub-Placement Agent Agreement entered into by the Placement Agent with such Sub-Placement Agent provides for such 

9 

reallowance and such Sub-Placement Agent is in compliance with the terms of such Sub-Placement Agent Agreement with
respect to such reallowance. Any amounts of the Distribution Fee not reallowed by the Placement Agent shall be returned to the Company unless otherwise agreed by the parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the terms of the Confidential
Memorandum, at such time as the Sub-Placement Agent who sold the Series T, Series S or Series D Shares giving rise to a portion of the Distribution Fee is no longer the broker-dealer of record with respect to
such Series T, Series S or Series D Shares, then Sub-Placement Agents entitlement to the Distribution Fees related to such Series T, Series S and/or Series D shares, as applicable, shall cease, and Sub-Placement Agent shall not receive the Distribution Fee for any portion of the month in which Sub-Placement Agent is not eligible on the last day of the month; provided,
however, if there is a change in the broker-dealer of record with respect to Shares giving rise to a portion of such Distribution Fee made in connection with a change in the registration of record for such Shares on the Companys books and
records (including, but not limited to, a reregistration due to a sale or a transfer or a change in the form of ownership of the account), then the Sub-Placement Agent shall be entitled to a pro rata portion
of the Distribution Fees related to such Shares for the portion of the month for which the Sub-Placement Agent was the broker-dealer of record. 

Thereafter, such Distribution Fees may be reallowed to the then-current broker-dealer of record of the Series T, Series S and/or Series D
shares, as applicable, if any such broker-dealer of record has been designated (the Servicing Agent), to the extent such Servicing Agent has entered into a Sub-Placement Agent Agreement or similar
agreement with the Placement Agent (Servicing Agreement), such Sub-Placement Agent Agreement or Servicing Agreement with the Servicing Agent provides for such reallowance and the Servicing Agent is
in compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance. In this regard, all determinations will be made by the Placement Agent in good faith in its sole discretion. The Sub-Placement Agent
is not entitled to any Distribution Fee with respect to Series I shares or Class F-II shares. The Placement Agent may also reallow some or all of the Distribution Fee to other broker-dealers who provide
services with respect to the Shares (who shall be considered additional Servicing Agents) pursuant to a Servicing Agreement with the Placement Agent to the extent such Servicing Agreement provides for such reallowance and such additional Servicing
Agent is in compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance, in accordance with the terms of such Servicing Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Placement Agent will rebate the Distribution Fee to the Company to the
extent a Sub-Placement Agent or Servicing Agent is not eligible to receive such Distribution Fees. 

(d) The Placement Agent shall cease receiving the Distribution Fee on the Series T shares, Series S shares and Series D shares held in
a stockholders account at the end of the month in which the Placement Agent and/or the Company, in conjunction with the Companys transfer agent, determines that total upfront selling commissions, placement fees and Distribution Fees paid
with respect to the shares held by such stockholder within such account would equal or exceed, in the aggregate, the limit, if any, as set forth in the applicable agreement with a Sub-Placement Agent at the
time such shares were issued) of the gross proceeds from the sale of such shares (including the gross proceeds of any shares issued under the Companys distribution reinvestment plan with respect thereto). At the end of such month, each such
Series T share, Series S share or Series D share shall automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof convert into a number of Series I shares (including any fractional shares), each

10 

with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such share. In addition, the Placement Agent will cease receiving the Distribution Fee on Series T shares, Series S shares and Series D shares held in a
stockholders account upon the earlier to occur of the following: (i) the listing of the Series I shares on a national securities exchange, (ii) the Companys merger or consolidation with or into another entity in which the
Company is not the surviving entity, or (iii) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets. 

(e) The terms of any reallowance of selling commissions, placement fees and the Distribution Fee shall be set forth in the Sub-Placement Agent Agreement or Servicing Agreement entered into with the Sub-Placement Agents or Servicing Agents, as applicable. The Company will not be liable or
responsible to any Sub-Placement Agent or Servicing Agent for direct payment of commissions, or any reallowance of placement fees or the Distribution Fee to such
Sub-Placement Agent or Servicing Agent, it being the sole and exclusive responsibility of the Placement Agent for payment of commissions or any reallowance of placement fees or the Distribution Fee to Sub-Placement Agents and Servicing Agents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the discretion of the Company, the Company may act as agent of the Placement Agent by making direct payment of commissions, placement fees
or Distribution Fees to Sub-Placement Agents or Servicing Agents on behalf of the Placement Agent without incurring any liability. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company pays any selling commissions or placement fees to the
Placement Agent for the sale by a Sub-Placement Agent of one or more of the Shares which fees have not yet been reallowed to such Sub-Placement Agent and the
subscription is rejected, canceled or rescinded for any reason as to one or more of the Shares covered by such subscription, then the Placement Agent shall repay the selling commissions or placement fees paid in connection with such subscription to
the Company within (i) thirty (30) days following mailing of notice or (ii) twenty-five (25) days following e-mailing of such notice, in each case to the Placement Agent by the Company stating
the amount owed as a result of rescinded, canceled or rejected subscriptions. 

9. Conditions of Placement Agents and
Companys Obligations. 

The obligations of the Placement Agent and the Company to effect the transactions contemplated under
this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment of the following conditions, any one or more of which may be waived by mutual agreement of the Placement Agent and the Company: 

(a) the Placement Agent and the Company shall each have performed and complied in all material respects with the covenants contained in
this Agreement required to be performed and complied with by it prior to each date on which the Shares are offered and each of the representations and warranties of the Company and the Placement Agent set forth in this Agreement shall be true and
correct in all material respects as of such date; 

(b) this Agreement shall have been duly executed and delivered and be in full
force and effect; 

11 

(c) the Placement Agent and the Company shall have been furnished with such
additional information, opinions, certificates and documents as each of them may reasonably request; and 

(d) all actions taken by
the Placement Agent and the Company in connection with the sale of the Shares as contemplated herein and in the Confidential Memorandum shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Placement Agent, the Company and their respective
counsel. 

If any of the conditions specified in this Section 9 shall not have been fulfilled or waived when and as required by this
Agreement to be fulfilled or waived, the Placement Agent or the Company, as applicable, shall inform the defaulting party in writing of each condition which has not been fulfilled or waived and shall permit the defaulting party a reasonable time
under the circumstances to fulfill such conditions, after which time this Agreement and all of the Placement Agents or Companys obligations hereunder, as applicable, may be cancelled by the Placement Agent or the Company by notifying the
defaulting party of such cancellation in writing (which may be delivered by facsimile or electronic mail) at any time at or prior to the Initial Closing Date or any Subsequent Closing Date, as applicable, and the sale of the Shares to be made at
such Initial Closing Date or Subsequent Closing Date, as applicable, shall not take place. Any such cancellation or termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that obligations that may arise in accordance with
Sections 8A and 10 shall continue after termination of this Agreement. 

10. Indemnification and Contribution. 

(a) The Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, its affiliates and any person acting on its behalf against any
losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) (the Covered Claims), to which the Placement Agent may become subject, insofar as such Covered Claims arise out of or are based upon (i) an untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Confidential Memorandum, or (ii) the omission or alleged omission to state in the Confidential Memorandum a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company will reimburse the Placement Agent for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by the Placement Agent in connection with investigating
or defending any such Covered Claims. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be liable to so indemnify or reimburse the Placement Agent in any such case to the extent that any such Covered Claims arise out of or are based upon an
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in the Confidential Memorandum in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Placement Agent expressly for use therein.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that as of the date hereof the Placement Agent has not provided any information in connection with the Confidential Memorandum. 

(b) The Placement Agent will indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates and any person acting on its behalf against any
Covered Claims to which the Company may become subject insofar as such Covered Claims arise out of or are based upon (i) an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Confidential

12 

Memorandum, or (ii) the omission or alleged omission to state in the Confidential Memorandum a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in the Confidential
Memorandum, in reliance upon and in conformity with the written information furnished to the Company by the Placement Agent referred to in subsection (a) above; and will reimburse the Company for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred
by the Company in connection with investigating or defending any such Covered Claims. 

(c) Promptly after receipt by an indemnified
party under subsection (a) or (b) above of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under such subsection, notify the indemnifying party
in writing of the commencement thereof; but the omission to so notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party otherwise than under such subsection. In case any such action is brought
against any indemnified party and such indemnified party notifies the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it shall wish, jointly with any other
indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party (who shall not, except with the consent of the indemnified party, be counsel to the indemnifying party). After notice from the
indemnifying party to such indemnified party of the indemnifying partys election to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to such indemnified party under such subsection for any legal expenses of other counsel
or any other expenses, in each case subsequently incurred by such indemnified party, in connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation. 

(d) If the indemnification provided for in this Section 10 is unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party
under subsection (a) or (b) above in respect to any Covered Claims referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnifying party as a result of such Covered Claims in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company and the Placement Agent from the offering of the Shares. If, however, the allocation provided by the immediately preceding sentence is not permitted by applicable law or if
the indemnified party failed to give the notice required under subsection (c) above, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to such amount paid or payable by such indemnified party in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only
such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company and the Placement Agent in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such Covered Claims, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative
benefits received by the Company and the Placement Agent shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses) received by the Company relative to the value of total compensation, if
any, received by the Placement Agent in selling the Shares under this Agreement. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged
omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Placement Agent and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The
Company and the Placement Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection (d) were determined by pro rata 

13 

allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this subsection (d). The amount paid or payable by an indemnified
party as a result of the Covered Claims referred to above in this subsection (d) shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such Covered
Claims. 

(e) The obligations of the Company under this Section 10 shall be in addition to any liability which the Company may
otherwise have and shall extend, upon the same terms and conditions, to each person, if any, who controls the Placement Agent within the meaning of the Securities Act, to affiliates of the Placement Agent and to any person acting on behalf of any
such persons; and the obligations of the Placement Agent under this Section 10 shall be in addition to any liability which the Placement Agent may otherwise have and shall extend, upon the same terms and conditions, to each officer and director
of the Company and to each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act. 

(f) Notwithstanding
any of the foregoing to the contrary, the provisions of this Section 10 shall not be construed so as to provide for the indemnification of any indemnified party for any liability for a Covered Claim (including liability under federal securities
laws which, under certain circumstances, impose liability on persons that act in good faith) to the extent (but only to the extent) that such indemnification would be in violation of applicable law, but shall be construed so as to effectuate the
provisions of this Section 10 to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

11. Survival of Representations, Warranties and
Agreements. 

All representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in this Agreement and any documents delivered by or on behalf
of the Company in connection with this Agreement shall survive the offer and sale by the Placement Agent of any Shares until this Agreement is terminated or cancelled pursuant to Section 12. The provisions of Sections 8A, 10, 11, 16 and 19
shall survive the termination or cancellation of this Agreement. 

12. Term. 

This Agreement shall be effective as of the date the Confidential Memorandum was first distributed to prospective Subscribers and shall
remain in full force unless (i) either party gives written notice of termination to the other at least 60 days prior to the termination date, (ii) either party gives written notice of termination to the other party in the event that such
other party shall have failed to comply with any material provisions hereof, which termination shall be effective immediately upon receipt of such notice, or (iii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated as hereinafter provided. 

13. Termination. 

(a) The Placement Agent shall have the right to terminate this Agreement forthwith by promptly notifying the Company (in accordance
with Section 14 of this Agreement), at any time prior to the Initial Closing Date or any Subsequent Closing Date, as applicable, if: 

14 

(i) there shall have been, since the date as of which information is given in the
Confidential Memorandum, any material adverse change (not promptly corrected to the satisfaction of the Placement Agent after notice thereof to the Company from the Placement Agent) in the affairs or business prospects of the Company; 

(ii) there shall have occurred any change in national or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange
rates or exchange controls, the effect of which is in the judgment of the Placement Agent such as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering and delivery of the Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated in this
Agreement or the Confidential Memorandum; or 

(iii) trading on the New York Stock Exchange generally shall have been suspended or
materially limited, or a banking moratorium or exchange controls shall have been declared by United States or New York State authorities. 

(b) If (i) the Placement Agent shall fail in any material respect to comply with its obligations hereunder and such failure is not
cured within 30 days of notice from the Company, given in accordance with Section 14 of this Agreement or (ii) the Company launches a roadshow for a Securities Act registered initial public offering of any of its Shares, the Company shall
have the right to promptly terminate this Agreement. 

(c) If this Agreement is terminated in accordance with clause (i) of
Section 12, or by the Placement Agent in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section 13, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other except that obligations that may arise in accordance with Sections 8A and
10 shall continue after such termination of this Agreement. 

(d) Upon becoming aware of a Disqualifying Event occurring on or after
the date hereof, with respect to the Placement Agent, the Company may, in its sole discretion, terminate this Agreement, which shall be effective upon the occurrence of such Disqualifying Event. 

14. Notices. 

Except as otherwise provided herein, all communications hereunder shall be in writing sent by courier or registered air mail, or by facsimile
or electronic means, to the requisite party, at its address as follows: 

If to the Placement Agent: 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

200 West Street 

New York, New
York 10282 

Attention: General Counsel, Asset Management Division of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

Fax: (212) 902-4140

15 

If to the Company: 

Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc 

200 West Street 

New York, New
York 10282 

Attention: General Counsel, Asset Management Division of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

Fax: (212) 902-4140

or to such other address as to which the party receiving the notice shall have notified the other party in writing. 

15. Parties. 

This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Placement Agent and the Company, and their respective successors and
permitted assigns. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to confer upon any other person except the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder. Neither the Placement Agent nor the Company shall be entitled to assign its respective rights,
interests or obligations hereunder without the written consent of the other party hereto; provided, however, that none of the foregoing shall restrict the ability of the Placement Agent, in its sole discretion, to appoint affiliates or designees to
fulfill any or all of its obligations under this Agreement to the extent the Placement Agent deems appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable laws, rules or regulations; provided that such affiliates and designees agree in writing to assume
the Placement Agents liabilities and perform the Placement Agents obligations under the terms of this Agreement. The Placement Agent shall be responsible, and shall indemnify the Company to the fullest extent permitted by law, for any
breach of any term of this Agreement by an affiliate or designee of the Placement Agent to perform services under this Agreement. 

16. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. 

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The courts located in New York shall
have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with this Agreement and, accordingly, any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this
Agreement may be brought in such courts. 

17. Entire Agreement; Amendment; Severability. 

This Agreement states the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the offering of Shares and may not be amended except by a writing
signed by the parties. If any provision or any part of a provision of this Agreement shall be found to be void or unenforceable, it shall not affect the remaining part which shall remain in full force and effect. 

16 

18. Counterparts. 

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile, .pdf transmission or other electronic means shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Agreement for all purposes.
Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or .pdf transmission or other electronic means shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 

19. Confidentiality. 

Each party acknowledges that, in performing its obligations under this Agreement, it may have access to confidential and proprietary
information of the other party (Confidential Information). By way of illustration but not of limitation, Confidential Information includes any nonpublic personal information (as defined in SEC Regulation S-P or Federal Trade Commission Regulation 313) regarding prospective investors and members, trade secrets, data, know-how, accounting data, statistical data, financial data
or projections, forecasts, business practices or policies, research projects, reports, development and marketing plans, strategies, or other business information that is not generally known or available to the public. The term Confidential
Information does not include information that: (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of an improper disclosure by the disclosing party; (ii) was rightfully available to a party on a non-confidential basis before its disclosure by the other party; (iii) becomes available to a party on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the other party,
provided that such source is not prohibited from transmitting the information by a contractual, legal, or fiduciary obligation; or (iv) is required by applicable law, regulation or regulatory authority, including, but not limited to, the
Exchange Act and the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, to be disclosed in connection with the Companys operations. 

Except to the extent necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement, neither party may disclose or use any of the other
partys Confidential Information. Each party will maintain the confidentiality of the other partys Confidential Information in its possession or control in the same manner as it maintains its own Confidential Information. For the
avoidance of doubt, no party may provide information concerning the Company, prospective investors or limited partners/members to any third party knowing that such third party may use such information in any form of publication, whether publicly or
privately distributed, without the express prior approval of the other party. Each party will limit the disclosure of the other partys Confidential Information to those of its employees, legal representatives and agents with a need to know
such Confidential Information for purposes of this Agreement. Each party will use reasonable care to prevent its employees, legal representatives and agents from violating the foregoing restrictions. Notwithstanding the above, Confidential
Information may be disclosed to the extent required by law or by an order or decree of any court or other governmental authority; provided, however, that each party will, if legally compelled to disclose such information: (i) provide the other
party with prompt written notice of that fact so that the other party may attempt to obtain a protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Section 19; (ii) disclose only that portion of the
information that a partys legal counsel advises is legally required; and (iii) endeavor to obtain assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the information so disclosed. 

17 

On written request or on the expiration or termination of this Agreement, each party will
return to the other party or destroy all Confidential Information in its possession or control, provided that each party may retain a single archival copy of any document or information that such party is obligated to maintain pursuant to record
keeping requirements to which it is subject under applicable laws, rules or regulations, but for only so long as such records are required to be maintained. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused their duly authorized representatives to
execute this Agreement as of the date first written above. 

GOLDMAN SACHS REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST INC

By: /s/ Mallika Sinha

Name: Mallika Sinha

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC

By: /s/ Mallika Sinha

Name: Mallika Sinha

Title: Managing Director

[signature page to Amended and Restated Placement Agent Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A

Covered Persons of Placement Agent 

For purposes of this Agreement, Covered Persons means, as of any specified date: 

(i) 

each director or executive officer of Placement Agent; 

(ii) 

each non-executive officer of Placement Agent that participates in the
offering or sale of Shares; 

(iii) 

each general partner/managing member, and any director or executive officer thereof, of Placement Agent;

(iv) 

each non-executive officer of each general partner/managing member of
Placement Agent that participates in the offering or sale of Shares; and 

(v) 

any person that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration by the Placement Agent for
solicitation of purchasers in connection with such sale of Shares. 

SCHEDULE 1 

Disclosure of Disqualifying Events 

Name of person committing Disqualifying Event; date and description of Disqualifying Event

N/A
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d848946dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

GOLDMAN SACHS REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST INC 

Third Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Plan 

Effective as of January 27, 2025 

Definitions 

Adviser shall meanGoldman Sachs & Co. LLC, in its capacity as the Companys adviser. 

Advisory Agreement shall mean the agreement between
the Company and the Adviser pursuant to which the Adviser directs or performs the day-to-day business affairs of the Company. 

Affiliate Transaction Committee shall meanthe committee of the board of directors of the Company comprised of all of the Independent
Directors (as such term is defined in the Corporate Governance Guidelines of the Company) of the Company. 

Company shall mean Goldman Sachs
Real Estate Finance Trust Inc, a Maryland corporation. 

Class F-I Shares shall
mean the shares of the Companys common stock classified as Class F-I.

Class F-II Shares shall mean the shares of the Companys common stock classified as Class F-II.

First Closing shall meanthe date on which the Company breaks escrow in its private offering. 

GS Commitment shall meanthe commitment by an affiliate of the Adviser to purchase from the Company an aggregate amount of $100,000,000
in shares of the Companys non-voting common stock. 

NAV shall mean the net asset value of the
Company attributable to its Stockholders or the net asset value of a class or series of its shares, as the context requires, determined in accordance with the Companys Net Asset Value Calculation and Valuation Guidelines as described in the
Companys confidential private placement memorandum. 

Plan shall mean this share repurchase plan of the Company. 

Stockholders shall mean the holders of Company shares. 

Transfer Agent shall mean Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, in its capacity as the Companys transfer agent. 

Transaction Price shall mean the repurchase price per share for each class or series of common stock, which shall be equal to the then-current
offering price before applicable upfront selling commissions and placement fees. 

Share Repurchase Plan 

Beginning as of the second full calendar quarter following the First Closing, eligible stockholders may request that the Company repurchase shares of the
Companys common stock through their financial representative or directly with the Companys Transfer Agent. The procedures relating to the repurchase of shares of the Companys common stock are as follows: 

Certain broker-dealers require that their clients process repurchases through their broker-dealer, which may
impact the time necessary to process such repurchase request, impose more restrictive deadlines than described under this Plan, impact the timing of a Stockholder receiving repurchase proceeds and require different paperwork or process than
described in this Plan. Stockholders should contact their broker-dealer first if they want to request the repurchase of their shares. 

Under this Plan, to the extent the Company chooses to repurchase shares in any particular calendar quarter the
Company will only repurchase shares as of the opening of the last calendar day of that quarter (a Repurchase Date). To have shares repurchased, a Stockholders repurchase request and required documentation must be received in good
order by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the second to last business day of the applicable quarter. Settlements of share repurchases will generally be made within 

three business days of the Repurchase Date. Repurchase requests received and processed by the Companys Transfer Agent will be effected at a repurchase price equal to the Transaction Price
on the applicable Repurchase Date (which will generally be equal to the Companys prior months NAV per share), subject to any Early Repurchase Deduction. 

A Stockholder may withdraw their repurchase request by notifying the Transfer Agent, directly or through the
Stockholders financial intermediary. Repurchase requests must be cancelled before 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the last business day of the applicable quarter. 

If a repurchase request is received after 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the second to last business day of the
applicable calendar quarter, the repurchase request will be executed, if at all, on the next quarters Repurchase Date at the Transaction Price applicable to that month (subject to any Early Repurchase Deduction), unless such request is
withdrawn prior to the repurchase. Repurchase requests received and processed by the Companys Transfer Agent on a business day, but after the close of business on that day or on a day that is not a business day, will be deemed received on the
next business day. All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of repurchase requests and notices of withdrawal will be determined by the Company, in its sole discretion, and such determination shall be final and binding.

Repurchase requests may be made by mail or by contacting a financial intermediary, both subject to certain
conditions described in this Plan. If making a repurchase request by contacting the Stockholders financial intermediary, the Stockholders financial intermediary may require the Stockholder to provide certain documentation or information.
If making a repurchase request by mail to the Transfer Agent, the Stockholder must complete and sign a repurchase authorization form, which is available through a Stockholders financial representative. Written requests should be sent to the
Transfer Agent at the following address: 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

PO Box 219743 

Kansas City, MO
64121 

Overnight Address: 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

430 W 7th Street 

Suite 219743 

Kansas City, MO 64105 

Corporate
investors and other non-individual entities must have an appropriate certification on file authorizing repurchases. A signature guarantee may be required. 

For processed repurchases, Stockholders may request that repurchase proceeds are to be paid by mailed check
provided that the check is mailed to an address on file with the Transfer Agent for at least 30 days. Stockholders should check with their broker-dealer that such payment may be made via check or wire transfer, as further described below.

Stockholders may also receive repurchase proceeds via wire transfer, provided that wiring instructions for their
brokerage account or designated U.S. bank account are provided. For all repurchases paid via wire transfer, the funds will be wired to the account on file with the Transfer Agent or, upon instruction, to another financial institution provided that
the Stockholder has made the necessary funds transfer arrangements. The customer service representative can provide detailed instructions on establishing funding arrangements and designating a bank or brokerage account on file. Funds will be wired
only to U.S. financial institutions (ACH network members). 

A medallion signature guarantee will be required in certain circumstances described below. A medallion signature
guarantee may be obtained from a domestic bank or trust company, broker-dealer, clearing agency, savings association or other financial institution that participates in a medallion program recognized by the Securities Transfer Association. The three
recognized medallion programs are the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the Stock Exchanges Medallion Program and the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. Medallion Signature Program. Signature guarantees from financial institutions that are
not participating in any of these medallion programs will not be accepted. A notary public cannot provide signature guarantees. The Company reserves the right to amend, waive or discontinue this policy at any time and establish other criteria for
verifying the authenticity of any 

repurchase or transaction request. The Company may require a medallion signature guarantee if, among other reasons: (1) the amount of the repurchase request is over $500,000; (2) a
Stockholder wishes to have repurchase proceeds transferred by wire to an account other than the designated bank or brokerage account on file for at least 30 days or sent to an address other than such Stockholders address of record for the past
30 days; or (3) the Companys Transfer Agent cannot confirm a Stockholders identity or suspects fraudulent activity. 

If a Stockholder has made multiple purchases of shares of the Companys common stock, any repurchase request
will be processed on a first in/first out basis unless otherwise requested in the repurchase request. 

Minimum Account Repurchases

In the event that any Stockholder fails to maintain the minimum balance of $500 of shares of the Companys common stock, the Company may
repurchase all of the shares held by that Stockholder at the repurchase price in effect on the date the Company determines that such Stockholder has failed to meet the minimum balance, less any Early Repurchase Deduction (defined below). Minimum
account repurchases will apply even in the event that the failure to meet the minimum balance is caused solely by a decline in the Companys NAV. Minimum account repurchases are subject to Early Repurchase Deduction. 

Sources of Funds for Repurchases 

The Company may
fund repurchase requests from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, the sale of or repayment under the Companys investments, borrowings or offering proceeds, and the Company has no limits on the amounts
it may pay from such sources. 

In an effort to have adequate cash available to support the Plan, the Company may reserve borrowing capacity under a line
of credit. The Company could then elect to borrow against this line of credit in part to repurchase shares presented for repurchase during periods when the Company does not have sufficient proceeds from operating cash flows or the sale of shares in
its continuous offering to fund all repurchase requests. 

Repurchase Limitations 

The Company may repurchase fewer shares than have been requested in any particular month to be repurchased under this Plan, or none at all, in its discretion
at any time. In addition, the aggregate NAV of total repurchases under this Plan (based on the price at which the shares are repurchased) of shares of the Companys common stock is limited to no more than 5% of the Companys aggregate NAV
per calendar quarter (measured using the aggregate NAV attributable to Stockholders as of the end of the immediately preceding month). 

In the event that
the Company determines to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any quarter, shares submitted for repurchase during such quarter will be repurchased on a pro rata basis after the Company has repurchased all shares
for which repurchase has been requested due to death or disability. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next quarter, or upon the recommencement of the share repurchase plan, as applicable. 

If the Transaction Price for the applicable month is not made available by the tenth business day prior to the last business day of the month (or is changed
after such date), then no repurchase requests will be accepted for such calendar quarter and Stockholders who wish to have their shares repurchased the following quarter must resubmit their repurchase requests. The Transaction Price for each month
will be available via the Companys telephone line at (312) 655-4702 and through the Stockholders financial representative. 

Should repurchase requests, in the Companys judgment, place an undue burden on the Companys liquidity, adversely affect the Companys
operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company as a whole, or should the Company otherwise determine that investing its liquid assets in real estate-related investments or other investments rather than repurchasing the Companys
shares is in the best interests of the Company as a whole, the Company may choose to repurchase fewer shares in any particular quarter than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Further, the Companys board of directors may
make exceptions to, modify, suspend or terminate this Plan if in its reasonable judgment it deems such an action to be in the Companys best interest and the best interest of the Companys Stockholders. Material modifications, including
any amendment to the 5% quarterly limitation on repurchases, to and suspensions of the Plan will be promptly disclosed to Stockholders through their financial representatives. In addition, the Company may determine to suspend this Plan due to
regulatory changes, 

changes in law or if the Company becomes aware of undisclosed material information that it believes should be publicly disclosed before shares are repurchased. The Companys board of
directors must affirmatively authorize the recommencement of the Plan if it is suspended before Stockholder requests will be considered again. 

Class F-I shares are not eligible for repurchase through this Plan until the two-year anniversary from the First Closing.
Class F-II shares are not eligible for repurchase through this Plan until the later of (i) the two-year anniversary of the First Closing and (ii) one year
from the date of the share issuance. 

Shares obtained by the Adviser or its affiliates, including with respect to the GS Commitment, are not eligible for
repurchase through this Plan and will not be subject to the repurchase limits of this Plan or any early repurchase deduction; provided, however, that shares obtained pursuant to the GS Commitment are subject to the repurchase limits, subject to
certain exceptions, as set forth in the subscription agreement for the GS Commitment. In addition, repurchase of shares otherwise obtained by the Adviser or its affiliates, including with respect to payment of the management fee or the performance
fee is subject to the approval of the Affiliate Transaction Committee as described in the Advisory Agreement. 

Early Repurchase Deduction

There is no minimum holding period for shares of the Companys common stock and Stockholders can request that the Company repurchase their
shares at any time. However, subject to limited exceptions, shares of the Companys common stock that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 95% of the Transaction Price (an Early Repurchase
Deduction). The one-year holding period is measured as of the first calendar day immediately following the prospective repurchase date. In addition, Stockholders admitted at the First Closing will be
deemed to have acquired their shares as of the first calendar day of the month in which the First Closing occurs for purposes of determining the one-year holding period. Further, Stockholders who have received
shares of the Companys common upon conversion of one class of shares into another class may include the period of time such Stockholder held such shares of the original share class for purposes of calculating the holding period for such shares
of the Companys common stock. This Early Repurchase Deduction will also generally apply to minimum account repurchases. The Early Repurchase Deduction will not apply to shares acquired through the Companys distribution reinvestment plan.

The Company may, from time to time, waive the Early Repurchase Deduction in the following circumstances (subject to the conditions described below): 

repurchases resulting from death or qualifying disability; or 

in the event that a Stockholders shares are repurchased because such Stockholder has failed to maintain the
$500 minimum account balance. 

As set forth above, the Company may waive the Early Repurchase Deduction in respect of repurchase of
shares resulting from the death or qualifying disability (as such term is defined in Section 72(m)(7) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) of a Stockholder who is a natural person, including shares held by such Stockholder through
a trust or an IRA or other retirement or profit-sharing plan, after (i) in the case of death, receiving written notice from the estate of the Stockholder, the recipient of the shares through bequest or inheritance, or, in the case of a trust,
the trustee of such trust, who shall have the sole ability to request repurchase on behalf of the trust or (ii) in the case of qualified disability, receiving written notice from such Stockholder, provided that the condition causing the
qualifying disability was not pre-existing on the date that the Stockholder became a Stockholder. The Company must receive the written repurchase request within 12 months after the death of the Stockholder,
the initial determination of the Stockholders disability in order for the requesting party to rely on any of the special treatment described above that may be afforded in the event of the death or disability of a Stockholder. In the case of
death, such a written request must be accompanied by a certified copy of the official death certificate of the Stockholder. If spouses are joint registered holders of shares, the request to have the shares repurchased may be made if either of the
registered holders dies or acquires a qualified disability. If the Stockholder is not a natural person, such as certain trusts or a partnership, corporation or other similar entity, the right to waiver of the Early Repurchase Deduction upon death or
disability does not apply. 

Items of Note 

Stockholders will not receive interest on amounts represented by uncashed repurchase checks.

Under applicable anti-money laundering regulations and other federal regulations, repurchase requests may be
suspended, restricted or canceled and the proceeds may be withheld. 

All shares of the Companys common stock requested to be repurchased must be beneficially owned by the
Stockholder of record making the request or their estate, heir or beneficiary, or the party requesting the repurchase must be authorized to do so by the Stockholder of record of the shares or their estate, heir or beneficiary, and such shares of
common stock must be fully transferable and not subject to any liens or encumbrances. In certain cases, the Company may ask the requesting party to provide evidence satisfactory to the Company that the shares requested for repurchase are not subject
to any liens or encumbrances. If the Company determines that a lien exists against the shares, the Company will not be obligated to repurchase any shares subject to the lien. 

IRS regulations require the Company to determine and disclose on Form 1099-B the adjusted cost basis for shares of the
Companys stock sold or repurchased. Although there are several available methods for determining the adjusted cost basis, unless a Stockholder elects otherwise, which such Stockholder may do by checking the appropriate box on the repurchase
authorization form, the Company will utilize the first-in-first-out method. 

Frequent Trading and Other Policies 

The Company may
reject for any reason, or cancel as permitted or required by law, any purchase orders for shares of its common stock. For example, the Company may reject any purchase orders from market timers or investors that, in the Companys opinion, may be
disruptive to its operations. 

In general, Stockholders may request that the Company repurchase their shares of the Companys common stock once every
calendar quarter. However, the Company prohibits frequent trading. The Company defines frequent trading as follows: 

any Stockholder who requests that the Company repurchase its shares of the Companys common stock within 90
calendar days of the purchase of such shares; 

transactions deemed harmful or excessive by the Company (including, but not limited to, patterns of purchases and
repurchases), in the Companys sole discretion; and 

transactions initiated by financial professionals, among multiple stockholder accounts, that in the aggregate are
deemed harmful or excessive. 

The following are excluded when determining whether transactions are excessive: 

purchases and requests for repurchase of the Companys shares in the amount of $2,500 or less;

purchases or repurchases initiated by the Company; and 

transactions subject to the trading policy of an intermediary that the Company deems materially similar to the
Companys policy. 

At the Placement Agents discretion, upon the first violation of the policy in a calendar year, purchase
and repurchase privileges may be suspended for 90 days. Upon a second violation in a calendar year, purchase and repurchase privileges may be suspended for 180 days. On the next business day following the end of the 90 or 180 day suspension, any
transaction restrictions placed on a Stockholder may be removed. 

Mail and Telephone Instructions 

The Company and its Transfer Agent will not be responsible for the authenticity of mail or phone instructions or losses, if any, resulting from unauthorized
Stockholder transactions if they reasonably believe that such instructions were genuine. The Companys Transfer Agent has established reasonable procedures to confirm that instructions are genuine including requiring the Stockholder to provide
certain specific identifying information on file and sending written confirmation to Stockholders of record. Stockholders, or their designated custodian or fiduciary, should carefully review such correspondence to ensure that the instructions were
properly acted upon. If any discrepancies are noted, the Stockholder, or its agent, should contact their or its financial professional as well as the Companys Transfer Agent in a timely manner, but in no event more than 60 days from receipt of
such correspondence. Failure to notify such entities in a timely manner will relieve the Company, its Transfer Agent and the financial professional of any liability with respect to the discrepancy.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>d848946dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 

GOLDMAN SACHS REAL ESTATE FINANCE TRUST INC 

Net Asset Value Calculation and Valuation Guidelines 

Effective January 27, 2025 

The board
of directors of Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc. has adopted the following Net Asset Value Calculation and Valuation Guidelines. The words Company, we, us and our shall mean Goldman Sachs
Real Estate Finance Trust Inc, together with its consolidated subsidiaries. 

General 

We will calculate the net asset value (NAV) per share for each class of shares monthly. Our NAV for each class of our shares of common stock is
based on the net asset values of our investments (including real estate-related securities), the addition of any other assets (such as cash on hand) and the deduction of any liabilities, including class-specific accruals, as described below. 

Our Independent Valuation Advisors 

The fundamental
elements of the valuation process, which are the valuation of our credit investmentsand financing as well as the appraisal of the collateral underlying our credit investments, will be performed by our independent valuation advisors, Chatham
Financial Corp (Chatham) and Capright Property Advisors, LLC (Capright), each of which is a valuation firm selected by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (in its capacity as our adviser, the Adviser) and approved by
our board of directors, including, once appointed, our independent directors. Chatham will value our credit investments as well as our entity-level and asset-level debt. Capright will value the collateral underlying our credit investments. Chatham
and Capright are engaged in the business of rendering opinions regarding the value of real estate-related debt and commercial real properties and are not affiliated with us or the Adviser. 

The Adviser, with the approval of our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, may engage additional independent valuation
advisors in the future as our portfolio grows and diversifies. Although Chatham and Capright may consider any comments received from us or our Adviser or other valuation sources for their individual valuations, the final estimated fair values of our
credit investments and financings are determined by Chatham and the final estimated fair values of the collateral are determined by Capright. While our independent valuation advisors are responsible for providing the valuations described above, our
independent valuation advisors are not responsible for, and do not calculate, our NAV. The Adviser is ultimately responsible for the determination of our NAV. 

Our independent valuation advisors may be replaced at any time, in accordance with agreed-upon notice requirements, by a majority vote of our board of
directors, including a majority of our independent directors. Our independent valuation advisors will discharge their respective responsibilities in accordance with these valuation guidelines. 

Our board of directors will not be involved in the periodic valuation of our assets and liabilities but will periodically receive and review such information
about the valuation of our assets and liabilities as it deems necessary to exercise its oversight responsibility. Following initial closing upon breaking escrow in the private offering, our NAV per share for each class of shares will be calculated
monthly by CBRE, Inc. (CBRE) and such calculation will be reviewed and confirmed by the Adviser. Pursuant to our valuation services agreements with our independent valuation advisors, the Adviser receives valuation reports periodically
from our independent valuation advisors. The Adviser reviews the reasonableness of these valuations with the independent valuation advisors before they are finalized in order for CBRE to calculate our NAV per share for each class of shares. 

Assets 

Valuation of Credit Investments

The fair value of the credit investments will be determined by Chatham. Newly originated or acquired credit investments will initially be valued
at cost in the month that they are closed, which is expected to represent fair value at that time. For each month after the initial month in which a Credit Investment is closed, Chatham will 

value each Credit Investment at fair value. Warehoused Investments are subject to these Valuation Guidelines as described herein. Warehoused Investments will be acquired/transferred from Goldman
Sachs at an amount equal to (x) the lower of (i) fair value (determined by Chatham) of such Warehoused Investment plus accrued interest, less the unamortized original issue discount through the date of settlement and (ii) the cost of
the Warehoused Investment to Goldman Sachs plus accrued interest through the date of settlement, and (y) related costs and expenses, including transaction expenses and expenses of conveyance. Valuations of credit investments reflect changes in
interest rates, spreads, loan tests and metrics, risk ratings, and anticipated liquidation timing and proceeds, among others. The fair value is determined by discounting the future contractual cash flows to the present value using a current market
interest rate or spread. The market rate is determined through consideration of the interest rates for debt of comparable quality and maturity, and the value of the underlying real estate investment. As applicable, Chatham may apply an alternative
methodology to any non-performing credit investments and will notify the Adviser of any changes in approach taken. 

Each valuation report prepared by Chatham will be addressed solely to our company. Chathams valuation reports are not addressed to the public and may
not be relied upon by any other person to establish an estimated value of common stock and do not constitute a recommendation to any person to purchase or sell shares of our common stock. In preparing its reports, Chatham will not solicit
third-party indications of interest for our common stock in connection with possible purchases thereof or the acquisition of all or any part of our company. 

Valuation of Collateral 

An appraisal will be
completed by an outside third-party appraisal firm prior to the closing of each transaction and will be utilized for the first years reporting period thereafter. Within one year of the closing of each transaction, Capright will appraise the
collateral, and provide appraisals no less than annually thereafter. Valuations of collateral reflect changes in property value based on comparable trades, occupancy, expirations, discounted cash flows, and anticipated liquidation timing and
proceeds, among others. The Adviser may choose to obtain an interim period appraisal if a significant event occurs that impacts the collateral. 

Each
valuation report prepared by Capright will be addressed solely to our company, but provided to Chatham for consideration in the valuation of credit investments. Caprights valuation reports are not addressed to the public and may not be relied
upon by any other person to establish an estimated value of our collateral. 

Valuation of Real Estate Owned Properties 

In the event we pursue ownership interest in the underlying collateral on a defaulted loan, then the asset will become real estate owned or REO. REO properties
will initially be valued at fair value at the time of acquisition. Generally, closing costs and expenses will initially be capitalized and reflected as a component of fair value. Thereafter, the REO properties will be valued by Capright
periodically, as needed. Property-level valuations reflect changes in property value based on comparable trades, occupancy, expirations, discounted cash flows, and anticipated liquidation timing and proceeds, among others. 

Each valuation report prepared by the appraiser is addressed solely to our company. Any appraisers valuation report is not addressed to the public and
may not be relied upon by any other person to establish the value of the property. 

Valuation of Other Real Estate-Related Assets 

Our investments in real estate-related assets will focus on non-distressed public and private real estate-related debt
securities, including, but not limited to, CMBS, corporate bonds, and certain other forms of debt, mezzanine and preferred equity. In general, real estate-related assets are valued by the Adviser according to the procedures specified below upon
acquisition or issuance and then monthly. Interim valuations of real estate-related assets that are valued monthly may be performed if the Adviser believes the value of the applicable asset may have changed significantly since the most recent
valuation. In addition, our board of directors may retain additional independent valuation firms to assist with the valuation of real estate-related assets. 

Publicly Traded Real Estate-Related Assets 

Publicly traded real-estate related assets that are not restricted as to salability or transferability will generally be valued by the Adviser monthly on the
basis of publicly available market quotations or at fair value determined in accordance with GAAP. Market quotations may be obtained from third-party pricing service providers or broker-dealers. When reliable market quotations are available from
multiple sources, the Adviser will use commercially reasonable efforts to use two or more quotations and will value the assets based on the average of the quotations obtained. GAAP defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an
asset or be paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. If market quotations are not readily available (or are otherwise not reliable for a particular
investment), the fair value will be determined in good faith by the Adviser. The Adviser may adjust the value of public debt and equity real estate-related assets and derivatives that are restricted as to salability or transferability for a
liquidity discount. In determining the amount of such discount, consideration is given to the nature and length of such restriction and the relative volatility of the market price of the security. 

Private Real Estate-Related Assets 

Investments in
privately placed debt instruments and securities of real estate-related operating businesses (other than joint ventures), such as real estate development or management companies, will initially be valued by the Adviser at the acquisition price and
thereafter will be revalued at least monthly at fair value. The fair value of real-estate related operating businesses is generally determined by using valuation methodologies such as discounted cash flow and market comparable analysis. The
valuation analysis is supplemented with a qualitative assessment of the operating businesses operating metrics such as sales growth, revenue traction, margin, key account wins and stability of executives. In evaluating the fair value of our
interests in certain commingled investment vehicles, values periodically assigned to such interests by the respective issuers or broker-dealers may be relied upon. Our board of directors may retain additional independent valuation firms to assist
with the valuation of our private real estate-related assets. 

Valuation of Derivative Instruments 

In the ordinary course of business, we may hedge interest rate and foreign currency exposure with derivative financial instruments. We report our derivative
assets and liabilities at fair value as determined by an independent pricing service. We generally obtain one price per instrument from our primary pricing service. If the primary pricing service cannot provide a price, we will seek a value from
other pricing services. The pricing service values bilateral interest rate swaps and interest rate caps under the income approach using valuation models. The significant inputs in these models are readily available in public markets or can be
derived from observable market transactions for substantially the full terms of the contracts. The pricing service values currency forward contracts under the market approach through the use of quoted market prices available in an active market.

Valuation of Liquid Non-Real-Estate-Related Assets 

Liquid non-real-estate-related assets include credit rated government debt securities, corporate debt securities, cash
and cash equivalents. Liquid non-real-estate-related assets will be valued monthly by the Adviser based on market quotations obtained from third-party pricing service providers. 

Liabilities 

We will generally include the fair value of
our liabilities as part of our NAV calculation. We expect that these liabilities will include the fees payable to the Adviser and the Placement Agent, accounts payable, accrued operating expenses, asset-level and portfolio-level financing and
company-level facilities and other liabilities. All liabilities will be valued using widely accepted methodologies specific to each type of liability. Other than asset-level and portfolio-level debt and company-level facilities, we include the cost
basis of our liabilities as part of NAV, which approximates fair value. These carrying amounts are meant to approximate fair value due to the liquid and short-term nature of the instruments. The Advisers valuation of asset-level liabilities,
including any third-party incentive fee payments or investment-level debt, deal terms and structure will not be reviewed by our independent valuation 

advisor or appraised. Liabilities allocable to a specific class of shares are only included in the NAV calculation for that class. 

Liabilities related to distribution fees will accrue to a specific class of shares and will only be included in the NAV calculation for that class as
described below. 

Under applicable GAAP, we record liabilities for distribution fees (i) that we currently owe the Placement Agent under the terms of
our Placement Agent Agreement and (ii) for an estimate that we may pay to our Placement Agent in future periods. However, in keeping with standard industry practice, we do not deduct the liability for estimated future distribution fees in our
calculation of NAV, which fees are not payable under certain circumstances, such as in the event of our liquidation. 

For purposes of calculating our NAV,
the organization and offering expenses advanced, waived or paid by the Adviser will not be recognized as expenses or as a component of equity and reflected in our NAV until we pay the Adviser for these costs. 

Valuation of Facilities 

The fair value of
facilities, or the sum of our asset-level and portfolio-level financing arrangements and company-level facilities, will be determined by Chatham, the facilities valuation advisor, selected by the Adviser and approved by our board of directors,
including a majority of independent directors. Chatham will prepare monthly valuations of each facility, which will be used in calculating NAV. New facilities will initially be valued at par, which is expected to represent fair value at that time.
Thereafter, Chatham will prepare monthly valuations of the facilities that will be used in calculating NAV. All facilities will be valued using widely accepted methodologies specific to each type of facility. Any changes to the fair value of
facilities are expected to reflect changes including interest rates, spreads, and key loan metrics and tests utilizing the collateral value and cash flows, including the estimated liquidation timing and proceeds. In addition, for purposes of
calculating our NAV, the financing costs related to our debt obligations will be capitalized and amortized over the life of the debt facility. 

Each
valuation report prepared by Chatham is addressed solely to our company. Chathams valuation reports are not addressed to the public and may not be relied upon by any other person to establish value of the facilities that will be used in
calculating NAV. 

The board of directors has delegated to the Adviser the responsibility for monitoring significant events that may affect the values of
our facilities for determining whether the existing valuations should be re-evaluated prior to the next scheduled monthly valuation in light of such significant events. 

Valuation of Securitized Debt Investments 

The
fair value of any securitized debt investments will generally be measured using the more observable of the fair value of the securitized assets and liabilities using the Valuation Guidelines discussed above. 

Review of and Changes to these Valuation Guidelines 

From
time to time, the board of directors, including, a majority of our independent directors, may adopt changes to these valuation guidelines if it (1) determines that such changes are likely to result in a more accurate reflection of NAV or a more
efficient or less costly procedure for the determination of NAV without having a material adverse effect on the accuracy of such determination or (2) otherwise reasonably believes a change is appropriate for the determination of NAV. Any
changes to these valuation guidelines require the approval of the board of directors, including, a majority of our independent directors. 

NAV and NAV
Per Share Calculation 

Our NAV per share will be calculated by CBRE as of the last calendar day of each month and is available generally within 15
calendar days after the end of each applicable month. Our board of directors, including 

a majority of our independent directors, may replace CBRE with another party, including our Adviser, if it is deemed appropriate to do so. The Adviser is responsible for reviewing and confirming
our NAV, and overseeing the process around the calculation of our NAV. 

Each month, before taking into consideration accrued dividends or other
class-specific accruals, any change in the aggregate NAV (the Aggregate Fund NAV) of our outstanding shares of each class of common stock at the end of the prior month will be allocated among each class of common stock. This allocation
will be based on each classs relative percentage of the previous Aggregate Fund NAV (treating all shares issued on the first calendar day of the month as outstanding as of the date of such previous Aggregate Fund NAV). Changes in our monthly
Aggregate Fund NAV include, without limitation, accruals of our net portfolio income, interest expense, management fees, performance fees, unrealized/realized gains and losses on assets, any applicable organization and offering costs and any expense
reimbursements. Changes in our monthly Aggregate Fund NAV also include material non-recurring events, such as capital expenditures and material acquisitions and dispositions occurring during the month.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Adviser may in its discretion consider material market data and other information that becomes available after the end of the applicable month in valuing our assets and liabilities and calculating
our NAV for a particular month. On an ongoing basis, the Adviser will adjust the accruals to reflect actual operating results and the outstanding receivable, payable and other account balances resulting from the accumulation of monthly accruals for
which financial information is available. 

Following the allocation of the changes in our Aggregate Fund NAV as described above, NAV for each class is
adjusted for class-specific accruals for distributions, ongoing distribution fees, management fees and performance fees payable to the Adviser to determine the monthly NAV for each class. These accruals are made on a class-specific basis and borne
by all holders of the applicable class. These class-specific accruals may differ for each class, even when the NAV per share of each class is the same. We normally expect that the accrual of ongoing distribution fees on a class-specific basis will
result in different amounts of distributions being paid with respect to certain classes of shares. In other words, the per share amount of distributions on Class T, Class S and Class D shares generally differs from other classes of
shares because of class-specific distribution fees that are deducted from the gross distributions of Class T, Class S and Class D shares. Specifically, we expect net distributions on Class T and Class S shares will be lower
than Class D shares and net distributions on Class D shares will be lower than Class I, Class F-I,Class F-II and our non-voting common stock shares. However, if no distributions are authorized for a certain period, or if they are authorized in an amount less than the class-specific accruals of distribution fees with respect to
such period, then pursuant to these valuation guidelines, the class-specific accruals of distribution fees may lower the NAV per share of a share class. With respect to class-specific accruals of the management fee, we expect these accruals to cause
the distributions and/or the NAV per share of those classes which do not pay a management fee to be higher than those of other share classes which are subject to a management fee. With respect to class-specific accruals of the performance fee, we
expect these accruals to cause the distributions and/or the NAV per share of those classes which are not subject to a performance fee to be higher than those of other share classes which are subject to the performance fee. When the NAV per share of
our classes are different, then changes to our assets and liabilities that are allocable based on NAV will also be different for each class. We may from time to time issue stock dividends on a class-specific basis to adjust the NAV per share of such
class. Because the purchase price of shares in the primary offering is equal to the transaction price, which generally equals the most recently disclosed monthly NAV per share, plus the upfront selling commissions and placement fees, which are
effectively paid by purchasers of shares at the time of purchase, the upfront selling commissions and placement fees have no effect on the NAV of any class. 

NAV per share for each class is calculated by dividing such classs NAV at the end of each month by the number of shares outstanding for that class at
the end of such month.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>gsreft-20250115.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>gsreft-20250115_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>gsreft-20250115_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 15, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0002027537

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 15, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc

Entity Incorporation State Country Code MD

Entity File Number 000-56667

Entity Tax Identification Number 99-2025085

Entity Address, Address Line One 200 West Street

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10282

City Area Code (212)

Local Phone Number 902-1000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period true

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.goldmansachs.com//20250115/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d848946d8k.htm 
gsreft-20250115.xsd 
gsreft-20250115_lab.xml 
gsreft-20250115_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-018434-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>d848946d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002027537 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

false 
0002027537 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-01-15 
Goldman Sachs Real Estate Finance Trust Inc 
MD 
000-56667 
99-2025085 
200 West Street 
New York 
NY 
10282 
(212) 
902-1000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>