<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-025047.txt : 20250212
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-025047.hdr.sgml : 20250212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250212152125
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-025047
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250212
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0001631055
<SPONSOR-CIK>0001002761
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250212
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Auto leases

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GMF Leasing LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001631055
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				274665015
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-207859
		FILM NUMBER:		25614452

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 CHERRY STREET, SUITE 3500
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(817)302-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 CHERRY STREET, SUITE 3500
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GM Financial Automobile Leasing Trust 2025-1
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002049366
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-261801-10
		FILM NUMBER:		25614453

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 CHERRY STREET, SUITE 3500
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(817)302-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 CHERRY STREET, SUITE 3500
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d898360d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
8-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the 

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) 

February 12, 2025 

GM
Financial Automobile Leasing Trust 2025-1

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

GMF Leasing LLC 

(Exact name of depositor as specified in its charter) 

AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. 

(Exact name of sponsor as specified in its charter) 

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation) 

333-261801-10

(Commission File

Number) 

33-6603859

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification
No.)

c/o AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc.

Attention: Frank E. Brown III, Esq.

801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500

Fort Worth, Texas

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

76102

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number including area code - (817)
302-7000

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing
obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which
registered

None None None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events

GMF Leasing LLC, as depositor (the Depositor) and AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial
(GM Financial), as sponsor, will cause a newly formed issuing entity, GM Financial Automobile Leasing Trust 2025-1 (the Issuing Entity), to issue $226,890,000 Class A-1 4.408% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-1 Notes), $267,720,000
Class A-2-A 4.54% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-A Notes),
$365,000,000 Class A-2-B Floating Rate Notes (the Class A-2-B
Notes), $632,710,000 Class A-3 4.66% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-3 Notes), $108,070,000
Class A-4 4.70% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-4 Notes and, together with the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes and the
Class A-3 Notes, the Class A Notes), $87,500,000 Class B 4.89% Asset Backed Notes (the Class B Notes and collectively with the Class A Notes, the
Publicly Offered Notes) and $80,500,000 Class C 4.99% Asset Backed Notes (the Class C Notes and, collectively with the Publicly Offered Notes, the Notes), and an Asset Backed Certificate
(the Certificate), on February 12, 2025 (the Closing Date). The Publicly Offered Notes will be registered under the Registration Statement filed by the Depositor with the Securities and Exchange Commission
under file number 333-261801 (the Registration Statement). This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed to satisfy an undertaking to file copies of
certain agreements to be executed in connection with the issuance of the Publicly Offered Notes, the forms of which were filed as Exhibits to the Registration Statement. 

This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed in connection with the issuance of the
Publicly Offered Notes to satisfy an undertaking to file unqualified validity and tax opinions at the time of each takedown from the Registration Statement. Copies of the validity and tax opinions delivered by Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP, counsel to
the Registrants, in connection with the issuance of the Notes are attached hereto as Exhibits 5.1 and 8.1, respectively. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits. 

(a) 

Not applicable. 

(b) 

Not applicable. 

(c) 

Not applicable. 

(d) 

Exhibits: 

5.1 

Opinion of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP with respect to validity.

8.1 

Opinion of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP with respect to tax matters.

2 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

GM FINANCIAL AUTOMOBILE LEASING TRUST 2025-1

By: 

AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial, as Servicer

By: /s/ Frank E. Brown III 

Name: 

Frank E. Brown III

Title: 

Senior Vice President, Corporate Counsel and Secretary

Dated: February 12, 2025 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d898360dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

50 Rockefeller Plaza

New York, NY 10020-1605 

+1.212.940.8800 tel

katten.com

February 12, 2025 

To the Addresses Listed 

on
Schedule A Attached Hereto 

Re: 

GM Financial Automobile Leasing Trust 2025-1 Corporate
Opinion

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as special counsel to AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial, a Delaware corporation
(GM Financial), GMF Leasing LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of GM Financial (the Depositor), GM Financial Automobile Leasing Trust
2025-1, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer), APGO Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (APGO), and ACAR Leasing Ltd., a Delaware statutory trust (the Titling
Trust), as to certain matters in connection with the $226,890,000 Class A-1 4.408% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-1 Notes),
$267,720,000 Class A-2-A 4.54% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-A
Notes), $365,000,000 Class A-2-B Floating Rate Asset Backed Notes (the Class
A-2-B Notes), $632,710,000 Class A-3 4.66% Asset Backed Notes (the Class
A-3 Notes), $108,070,000 Class A-4 4.70% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-4 Notes and together
with the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the
Class A-2-B Notes and the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A Notes), $87,500,000 Class B 4.89% Asset
Backed Notes (the Class B Notes) and $80,500,000 Class C 4.99% Asset Backed Notes (the Class C Notes and, collectively with the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, the Notes),
which will be issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Indenture), among the Issuer, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (Computershare Trust Company), as indenture trustee (in such
capacity, the Indenture Trustee) and GM Financial, as servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer). The Publicly Offered Notes consist of the
Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the
Class A-2-B Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes and the
Class B Notes. 

Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have their respective meanings set forth in Appendix 1
to the 2025-1 Exchange Note Supplement (the 2025-1 Exchange Note Supplement), among the Titling Trust, as borrower (in such capacity, the
Borrower), GM Financial as lender (in such capacity, the Lender) and as Servicer, Computershare Trust Company, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent) and
collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent) under the Credit and Security Agreement (as defined below), or if not defined in Appendix 1 to the 2025-1 Exchange Note Supplement, in
Appendix A to the Third Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2022 (as the same may be 

KATTEN MUCHIN
ROSENMAN LLP 

CENTURY CITY CHARLOTTE CHICAGO DALLAS LOS ANGELES 

NEW YORK ORANGE COUNTY SHANGHAI WASHINGTON, DC 

A limited liability partnership including professional corporations 

LONDON: KATTEN MUCHIN ROSENMAN UK LLP 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
2

further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
Credit and Security Agreement), among the Borrower, the Lender, the Servicer, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 

The term Preliminary Prospectus means the preliminary prospectus dated January 29, 2025, relating to
the Publicly Offered Notes (which omitted certain Rule 430D Information), as filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(h) of the Rules and Regulations including the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the 1933 Act) at the time of such filing, used in connection with the offering of the Publicly Offered Notes (which omitted certain Rule 430D Information). The term Prospectus means the
prospectus dated February 5, 2025, relating to the Publicly Offered Notes, as filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations including the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to the 1933 Act at
the time of such filing, used in connection with the offering of the Publicly Offered Notes. The term Ratings FWP means the free writing prospectus, dated January 29, 2025 and filed with the Commission on
January 29, 2025 relating to the ratings on the Publicly Offered Notes pursuant to Rule 433 of the Rules and Regulations. The term Time of Sale Information means the Ratings FWP together with the Preliminary Prospectus. 

The Depositor and the Titling Trust have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a registration statement on Form SF-3 (No. 333-261801), including a form of prospectus, for registration under the 1933 Act of the offering and sale of the Publicly Offered Notes. On January 29, 2025
the Depositor filed the Preliminary Prospectus with the Commission in accordance with the provisions of Rule 430D and Rule 424(h). On February 7, 2025 the Depositor filed the Prospectus in accordance with the provisions of Rule 430D and Rule
424(b). Any information included in the Prospectus that was omitted from such registration statement at the time it became effective but that is deemed to be part of and included in such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430D is referred to as
Rule 430D Information. Such registration statement, at any given time, including any post-effective amendment filed and declared effective prior to the date of issuance of the Notes and Certificate, the exhibits and any schedules
thereto as of such time, the documents incorporated therein by reference pursuant to the 1933 Act as of such time and documents otherwise deemed to be part thereof or included therein by the rules and regulations (Rules and
Regulations) of the Commission under the 1933 Act, is herein called the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement at the time it originally became effective is herein called the Original Registration
Statement. 

Dealers of motor vehicles originate closed-end lease
contracts (each a Lease Agreement) between the dealer, as lessor, and a retail customer, as lessee. Upon origination of the Lease Agreement, both the Lease Agreement and the motor vehicles that are the subject of such Lease
Agreement (each, a Leased Vehicle) are assigned by the originating dealer to the Titling Trust. The Titling Trust pays the purchase price to the dealers with cash loaned to it by GM Financial as an Advance made under
the Credit and Security Agreement in exchange for a pledge of such Lease Agreements (each pledged Lease Agreement, a Collateral Lease Agreement) and Leased Vehicles (each pledged Leased Vehicle, a Collateral Leased
Vehicle) as security for such 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
3

Advances. Each Collateral Leased Vehicle is titled in the name of the Titling Trust and the Collateral Agent is named lienholder on the related certificate of title. 

Pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement, GM Financial may from time to time request that all or a portion of the Titling
Trusts obligations to repay the Advances to GM Financial pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement be issued in the form of a definitive Exchange Note and that a specified Designated Pool of Collateral Lease
Agreements and Collateral Leased Vehicles be designated as supporting only the Titling Trusts obligations under such Exchange Note. All amounts outstanding under the Credit and Security Agreement (including all outstanding Exchange Notes
issued thereunder) are secured by a single security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of GM Financial and each subsequent Exchange Noteholder, on all Collateral Lease Agreements, Collateral Leased Vehicles and any proceeds
thereof. Notwithstanding the existence of a single security interest under the Credit and Security Agreement, each Exchange Note will be paid exclusively from Collections on the related Designated Pool and any Exchange Note-specific credit
enhancement. 

Pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement, together with the
2025-1 Exchange Note Supplement, the Titling Trust will issue an Exchange Note (the 2025-1 Exchange Note) to GM Financial on the 2025-1 Closing Date and will designate a Designated Pool of Collateral Lease Agreements and Collateral Leased Vehicles (the 2025-1 Designated Pool) to
support the 2025-1 Exchange Note. On the 2025-1 Closing Date, the 2025-1 Exchange Note will have an initial outstanding principal
balance of $1,870,000,000 and an interest rate of 5.00%. The stated maturity date of the 2025-1 Exchange Note will be July 20, 2029. 

Pursuant to the 2025-1 Exchange Note Sale Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025
(the 2025-1 Exchange Note Sale Agreement), between GM Financial, as seller, and the Depositor, as buyer, on the 2025-1 Closing Date, GM Financial will
sell to the Depositor, and the Depositor will purchase from GM Financial, all of GM Financials right, title and interest in, to and under the 2025-1 Exchange Note and the proceeds thereof without
recourse. Pursuant to the 2025-1 Exchange Note Transfer Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the 2025-1 Exchange Note Transfer Agreement),
between the Depositor, as seller, and the Issuer, as buyer, on the 2025-1 Closing Date the Depositor will sell to the Issuer, and the Issuer will purchase from the Depositor, all of the Depositors right,
title and interest in, to and under the 2025-1 Exchange Note and the proceeds thereof without recourse. Pursuant to the Indenture, on the 2025-1 Closing Date the Issuer
will issue the Notes to the Depositor as partial payment for the 2025-1 Exchange Note and will grant a security interest in the 2025-1 Exchange Note and all other
Indenture Collateral (as defined in the Indenture) to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders. 

Pursuant
to the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), among GM Financial, individually and as Servicer, the Depositor, as seller and each of SG Americas Securities, LLC, BNP Paribas
Securities Corp., CIBC World Markets Corp. and TD Securities (USA) LLC, as representatives (in such capacity, the Representatives) of the several underwriters named therein (the Underwriters), the Depositor will
sell the Publicly Offered Notes to the Underwriters. 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
4

The Depositor will pay the proceeds from the sale of the Publicly Offered
Notes to GM Financial as partial payment for the 2025-1 Exchange Note on the 2025-1 Closing Date. 

As such counsel, we have examined original or reproduced or certified copies of the articles of incorporation and bylaws of GM
Financial, as amended to date, the certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement of the Depositor, as amended to date, records of actions taken by the board of directors of each of GM Financial and the Depositor, and the
resolutions adopted by the board of directors of each of GM Financial and the Depositor ratifying the execution, delivery and participation in the transactions contemplated by the Agreements (as herein after defined). 

In arriving at the opinions expressed below, we have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our
satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records, opinions of counsel, certificates and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of this opinion, including the following (the documents listed in clauses (a)
(p) below are collectively referred to as the Agreements): 

(a) 

Credit and Security Agreement; 

(b) 

2025-1 Exchange Note Supplement; 

(c) 

Fourth Amended and Restated Servicing Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2022 (the Servicing
Agreement), among the Titling Trust, the Servicer, APGO and the Collateral Agent; 

(d) 

2025-1 Servicing Supplement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the
2025-1 Servicing Supplement), among the Titling Trust, the Servicer, APGO, the Indenture Trustee and the Collateral Agent; 

(e) 

2025-1 Exchange Note Sale Agreement; 

(f) 

2025-1 Exchange Note Transfer Agreement; 

(g) 

Indenture; 

(h) 

Asset Representations Review Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the The Asset
Representations Review Agreement), among the Issuer, GM Financial and Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC; 

(i) 

Underwriting Agreement; 

(j) 

Administration Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Administration
Agreement), among the Depositor, GM Financial, as administrator and the Indenture Trustee; 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
5

(k) 

Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2011 (the Titling Trust
Agreement), between APGO, as settlor and Wilmington Trust Company (WTC), as owner trustee (in such capacity, the Titling Trust Owner Trustee), Delaware trustee (in such capacity, the Delaware
Trustee) and administrative trustee (in such capacity, the Administrative Trustee); 

(l) 

Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Issuer Trust
Agreement), between the Depositor and WTC, as owner trustee (in such capacity, the Issuer Owner Trustee); 

(m) 

Third Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2017 (the APGO Trust
Agreement), between GM Financial and WTC, as owner trustee (in such capacity, the APGO Owner Trustee); 

(n) 

Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Depositor, dated as of March 1, 2023
(the Depositor LLC Agreement), by GM Financial, as member; 

(o) 

specimen of the 2025-1 Exchange Note, which will be issued pursuant
to the Exchange Note Supplement and the Credit and Security Agreement; 

(p) 

specimen copies of the Notes; 

(q) 

Preliminary Prospectus; and 

(r) 

Prospectus. 

We have also examined such other documents, papers, statutes and authorities as we have deemed necessary as a basis for the
opinions hereinafter set forth. In all such examinations made by us in connection with this opinion, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the completeness and authenticity of all records and all documents submitted to us as originals,
and the conformity with the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies thereof. 

We also have assumed, without
investigation, (a) as to all parties to the Agreements, the due authorization, execution, and delivery thereof, and the validity and enforceability thereof against all parties thereto other than GM Financial, the Depositor, the Issuer, APGO and
the Titling Trust, (b) each party has full power, authority and legal right, under its charter and other governing documents, corporate and regulatory legislation and the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, to execute and
deliver the Agreements to which it is a party and to carry out the transactions contemplated thereunder, and (c) the purchase price for the Notes has been delivered and received in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the Trust Agreement
and the Underwriting Agreement. 

With respect to matters of fact, we have relied, without investigation, on, and assumed
the accuracy and completeness of, each Officers Certificate attached hereto as Exhibits A through E 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
6

(respectively, each an Officers Certificate and together the Officers Certificates), and to the extent material to this opinion, on the
representations and warranties of GM Financial, the Depositor, the Issuer, APGO, the Titling Trust and other parties contained in the Agreements and in the instruments and documents delivered in connection with the execution of the Agreements. Where
matters are stated to be to the best of our knowledge, or known to us, our investigations consisted of inquiries of GM Financial, the Depositor, the Issuer, APGO and the Titling Trust, the results of which are reflected in the Officers
Certificates being furnished to you with this opinion, and we have not made any investigation as to, and have not independently verified the facts underlying, such matters nor have we undertaken a search of court dockets in any jurisdiction. 

We have also assumed that (i) the Publicly Offered Notes constitute debt and not equity for purposes of Title I of ERISA
and Section 4975 of the Code (on which matters we separately provide our opinions in the GM Financial Automobile Leasing Trust 2025-1 Tax Opinion delivered on the date hereof), (ii)
each employee benefit plan or retirement arrangement subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, any of whose assets are invested in a Note, is a plan or arrangement to which a prohibited transaction exemption is fully available,
and (iii) in the event any Publicly Offered Notes are acquired by an employee benefit plan or retirement arrangement subject to any federal, state, local or non-U.S. laws or regulations substantially
similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, the acquisition, holding and disposition of the Publicly Offered Notes by such plan or arrangement does not violate such laws or regulations. 

As to the transfer of property to be made from GM Financial to the Depositor pursuant to the
2025-1 Exchange Note Sale Agreement, we have assumed that such transfer is made in accordance with the terms of the 2025-1 Exchange Note Sale Agreement. As to the
transfer of property to be made from the Depositor to the Issuer pursuant to the 2025-1 Exchange Note Transfer Agreement, we have assumed that such transfer is made in accordance with the terms of the 2025-1 Exchange Note Transfer Agreement. 

To the extent that our opinions expressed in
paragraphs numbered 1 through 5 below are related to the enforceability of the choice of law provisions contained in the Agreements, such opinions are based upon our reading of the provisions of
Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York. While we have not found any reported cases construing such statutory provisions, we believe that a New York court applying such
statutory provisions to the Agreements would give effect to the choice of law provisions set forth therein. 

Statements in
this opinion as to the validity, binding effect and enforceability of agreements, instruments and documents are subject (a) to limitations as to enforceability imposed by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization and other similar laws
of general application relating to or affecting the enforceability of creditors rights, (b) to general limitations under equitable principles limiting the availability of equitable remedies, (c) to the equitable discretion of the
court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought, (d) as to the enforceability of any security interest or security agreement, to the limitations of good faith, fair dealing and commercial reasonableness imposed by the Uniform
Commercial Code of the State of New York, as in effect on the date hereof (UCC) as to the remedies set out in such agreements, instruments and documents, and (e) as to rights to

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
7

indemnity, limitations that may exist under federal and state laws or the public policy underlying such laws. 

Statements in this opinion as to enforceability are further qualified by (a) the application of judicial decisions
involving statutes or principles of equity which have held that certain covenants and other provisions of agreements, including those providing for the acceleration of indebtedness due under debt instruments upon the occurrence of events therein
described, are unenforceable in circumstances where it can be demonstrated that the enforcement of such provisions is not reasonably necessary for the protection of the lender, (b) the effect of the law of any jurisdiction other than the State
of New York which limits the rate of interest which may be charged or collected, and (c) the validity, binding effect or enforceability, under certain circumstances, of contractual provisions in the Agreements with respect to indemnification or
waiving defenses to obligations where such indemnification or such waivers are limited under federal and/or state laws or are against the public policy underlying such laws, or granting self-help or summary remedies; provided, that the foregoing
does not affect the practical realization of the remedies provided for in the Agreements. 

Based upon and subject to the
foregoing, we are of the opinion that: 

1. Each of the Credit and Security Agreement, the Exchange Note
Supplement, the Servicing Agreement, the 2025-1 Servicing Supplement, the 2025-1 Exchange Note Sale Agreement, the Asset Representations Review Agreement, the
Administration Agreement and the Underwriting Agreement (collectively, the GM Financial Documents) has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by GM Financial and constitutes the valid, legal and binding agreement of GM
Financial, enforceable against GM Financial in accordance with its respective terms. The 2025-1 Exchange Note Sale Agreement is effective to create a valid and enforceable security interest in the 2025-1 Exchange Note and the other related assets conveyed thereunder by GM Financial. 

2. Assuming each of the 2025-1 Exchange Note Sale Agreement, the 2025-1Exchange Note Transfer Agreement, the Administration Agreement and the Underwriting Agreement (collectively, the Depositor Documents) has been duly authorized, executed and delivered
by the Depositor, each such agreement constitutes the valid, legal and binding agreement of the Depositor, enforceable against the Depositor in accordance with its respective terms. The 2025-1 Exchange Note
Transfer Agreement is effective to create a valid and enforceable security interest in the 2025-1 Exchange Note and the other related assets conveyed thereunder by the Depositor. 

3. Assuming each of the Indenture, the 2025-1 Exchange Note Transfer
Agreement, the Asset Representations Review Agreement, the Administration Agreement and the Underwriting Agreement (collectively, the Issuer Documents) has been duly executed and delivered by the Issuer, each such agreement
constitutes the valid, legal and binding agreement of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with its respective terms. The Indenture is effective to create a valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral
(as defined therein) pledged thereunder by the Issuer. 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
8

4. Assuming each of the Servicing Agreement and the 2025-1 Servicing Supplement (collectively, the APGO Documents) has been duly executed and delivered by APGO, each such agreement constitutes the valid, legal and binding agreement of APGO,
enforceable against APGO in accordance with its terms. 

5. Assuming each of the Credit and Security
Agreement, the Exchange Note Supplement, the Servicing Agreement and the 2025-1 Servicing Supplement (collectively, the Titling Trust Documents) has been duly executed and delivered by the
Titling Trust, each such agreement constitutes the valid, legal and binding agreement of the Titling Trust, enforceable against the Titling Trust in accordance with its respective terms. The Credit and Security Agreement is effective to create a
valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral (as defined therein) pledged thereunder by the Titling Trust. 

6. No consent, approval, authorization or order of, registration or filing with, or notice to, any court,
governmental agency or body or other tribunal is required under federal laws or the laws of the State of New York, for the execution, delivery and performance by any of GM Financial, the Depositor, the Issuer, APGO or the Titling Trust of any of the
Agreements to which any such Person is a party. 

7. None of the execution, delivery or performance by any of
GM Financial, the Depositor, the Issuer, APGO or the Titling Trust of any of the Agreements to which any such Person is a party conflicts with or results in a breach of, or constitutes or will constitute a default under, any law, rule or regulation
of the State of New York or federal government presently in effect. 

8. None of GM Financial, the Depositor,
the Issuer, APGO or the Titling Trust is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (as amended) (the 1940 Act). The Issuer will rely on an exclusion or exemption from
the definition of investment company under the 1940 Act contained in Section 3a-7 of the 1940 Act, although there may be additional exclusions or exemptions available to the Issuer. The Issuer
is not a covered fund for purposes of the regulations adopted to implement Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer protection Act (such statutory provision together with such implementing regulations, the
Volcker Rule). 

9. Under Section 9-307 of the
UCC, the location of each of GM Financial, the Depositor, the Issuer, APGO and the Titling Trust is the State of Delaware inasmuch as (i) (A) GM Financial is a Delaware corporation, (B) each of the Issuer, APGO and the Titling
Trust is a Delaware statutory trust, and (C) the Depositor is a Delaware limited liability company, and (ii) none of GM Financial, the Depositor, the Issuer, APGO or the Titling Trust has become domesticated under the laws of
any other jurisdiction. 

10. Under Section 9-301(a) of the UCC,
the State of Delaware is the proper jurisdiction in which to file the respective financing statements (prepared on forms UCC-1) naming (i) the Titling Trust as debtor and the Collateral Agent as secured
party, (ii) GM Financial as debtor and 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
9

the Depositor as secured party, (iii) the Depositor as debtor and the Issuer as secured party, and (iv) the Issuer as debtor and the Indenture Trustee as secured party. 

11. The 2025-1 Exchange Note has been authorized by all requisite action
and, when duly and validly executed by the Titling Trust and authenticated by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the terms of the Credit and Security Agreement and the 2025-1 Exchange Note Supplement,
will be validly issued and outstanding, enforceable obligations of the Titling Trust and entitled to the benefits of the Credit and Security Agreement and the 2025-1 Exchange Note Supplement. 

12. The Notes have been duly authorized by all requisite action and, when duly and validly executed by the Issuer
and authenticated by the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, will be validly issued and outstanding, enforceable obligations of the Issuer and entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. 

13. Assuming the offer, issue, sale and delivery of the 2025-1 Exchange
Note occurs in the manner and under the circumstance contemplated in the Agreements, the 2025-1 Exchange Note is exempt from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the 1933 Act and the Credit and
Security Agreement is not required to be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act). 

14. The Indenture has been qualified under the Trust Indenture Act. 

15. The certificate issued pursuant to the Trust Agreement (the Certificate) has been duly
authorized by all requisite action and, when duly and validly executed by the Issuer Owner Trustee in accordance with the Trust Agreement, will be validly issued and outstanding and entitled to the benefits of the Trust Agreement. 

16. The Class A-1 Notes are eligible securities within
the meaning of Rule 2a-7(a)(12) under the 1940 Act. 

17. The
statements in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus under the captions DESCRIPTION OF THE EXCHANGE NOTE, DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES and DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, to the extent such statements
purport to summarize certain provisions of the 2025-1 Exchange Note, the Notes, the Certificate, the Credit and Security Agreement, the 2025-1 Exchange Notes Supplement,
the Servicing Agreement, the 2025-1 Servicing Supplement, the 2025-1 Exchange Note Sale Agreement, the 2025-1 Exchange Note
Transfer Agreement and the Indenture are fair and accurate in all material respects. 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
10

18. The statements in the Preliminary Prospectus and in the
Prospectus under the captions SUMMARY OF PROSPECTUS TAX STATUS, SUMMARY OF PROSPECTUS ERISA CONSIDERATIONS, SUMMARY OF PROSPECTUS LEGAL INVESTMENT, MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX
CONSEQUENCES, ERISA CONSIDERATIONS and LEGAL INVESTMENT, insofar as such statements purport to summarize matters of federal law or New York law, or legal conclusions with respect thereto, provide a fair and accurate
summary of such law or conclusions. 

19. The statements in the Preliminary Prospectus and in the Prospectus
under the caption MATERIAL LEGAL ASPECTS OF EXCHANGE NOTE AND LEASE ASSETS to the extent they constitute matters of law or legal conclusions, are correct in all material respects. 

20. The Registration Statement and any amendments thereto have become effective under the 1933 Act. To the best
of our knowledge, (a) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and not withdrawn, and (b) no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or threatened and not terminated. 

21. At the respective times the Original Registration Statement and each amendment thereto became effective, at
each deemed effective date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430D(f)(2) and at the date hereof, the Registration Statement (other than the information set forth in the financial statements and other financial and statistical
information contained therein, as to which we do not express any belief or opinion), complied as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the 1933 Act and the Rules and Regulations. 

22. The conditions to the use by the Depositor and the Titling Trust of a registration statement on Form SF-3 under the 1933 Act, as set forth in the General Instructions to Form SF-3, have been satisfied with respect to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. There are no
contracts or documents which are required to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement pursuant to the 1933 Act or the Rules and Regulations thereunder which have not been so filed. 

We have rendered legal advice and assistance to GM Financial, the Depositor, the Issuer, APGO and the Titling Trust relating
to the sale and issuance of the Notes. Rendering such assistance involved, among other things, discussions and inquiries concerning various legal and related subjects and reviews of certain records, documents, opinions and certificates in accordance
with instructions of GM Financial, the Depositor, the Issuer, APGO and the Titling Trust. We also participated with GM Financial, the Depositor, the Issuer, APGO and the Titling Trust in conferences with the representatives of the Underwriters and
their counsel, during which the contents of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and related matters were discussed and examined the Original Registration Statement, the Registration Statement, the Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

In the course of our examination of the Registration Statement nothing has come to our
attention that would lead us to believe that the Registration Statement (other than the financial statements and other financial and statistical information contained or incorporated by reference therein or omitted therefrom, as to which we are not
called upon to express any belief), at the time the 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
11

Original Registration Statement became effective, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading or that the Registration Statement, including the Rule 430D Information and the Ratings FWP (other than the financial statements and other financial and statistical information contained or incorporated by reference
therein or omitted therefrom, as to which we are not called upon to express any belief) at the latest deemed effective time with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430D(f)(2), contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 

Although
we are not passing upon, and do not assume responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the statements contained in the Prospectus (except as set forth in paragraphs numbered 17, 18 and 19 above), in the course of our examination of
the Ratings FWP and the Prospectus and certain other documents, no facts have come to our attention which lead us to believe that the Prospectus (other than the financial statements and other financial and statistical information contained or
incorporated by reference therein or omitted therefrom, as to which we are not called upon to express any belief), at the date thereof or hereof, contained or contains any untrue statement of a material fact or at the date thereof or hereof, omitted
or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. In addition, nothing has come to our attention that would lead us to believe that, as of
the time of first sale 9:34 a.m., New York City time, February 5, 2025 the Time of Sale Information (other than the financial statements and other financial and statistical information contained or incorporated by reference therein or omitted
therefrom, as to which we are not called upon to express any belief), when considered together with the information that is presented in the Prospectus that completes those sections of the Preliminary Prospectus that were presented in blank form
therein, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

We are members of the bar of the State of New York and this opinion is limited to the laws of the State of New York, the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act and the federal laws of the United States of America, excluding, among other laws customarily excluded, the Corporate Transparency Act of 2021. 

Our opinions contained herein are rendered only as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to update this letter or
the opinions contained herein after the date hereof. This opinion letter addresses the legal consequences of only the facts assumed to have existed or to exist as of the date hereof, as set forth herein. Our opinions may be affected by actions taken
or omitted, events occurring, changes in the relevant facts, or failure of assumed facts to be true as of the date hereof. Except as described herein, we have not undertaken to verify the accuracy of such facts, or the occurrence or non-occurrence of any such actions, events or changes. 

We express no opinion on any
matter not discussed in this letter. Copies of this letter may not be made available, and this letter may not be quoted or referred to in any other document made available, to any other person or entity except to (i) any applicable rating
agency, institution 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
12

providing credit enhancement or liquidity support or governmental authority, (ii) any accountant or attorney for any person or entity entitled hereunder to rely hereon or to whom or which
this letter may be made available as provided herein, and (iii) as otherwise required by law or in connection with any action to which you are a party arising out of the transaction contemplated hereunder to support an assertion by you of a due
diligence defense under federal securities laws. Copies of this letter may be posted by the Issuer or GM Financial to a password protected website accessible by any nonhired nationally recognized statistical rating organization (a
NRSRO) that provides to the Issuer or GM Financial the certification required by subsection (e) of Rule 17g-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (or any successor
provision to such subsection) (Rule 17g-5), and agrees to keep this letter confidential as contemplated by Rule 17g-5; provided, that no such NRSRO
will be entitled to rely on this letter, and each such NRSRO, by accessing a copy of this letter, will be deemed to have agreed to comply with the terms of this sentence and not to provide copies of this letter to any other person. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP

SCHEDULE A 

AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. Barclays Capital Inc.

d/b/a GM Financial 745 Seventh Avenue

GMF Leasing LLC New York, New York 10019

GM Financial Automobile Leasing Trust 2025-1 

APGO Trust Drexel Hamilton, LLC

ACAR Leasing Ltd. 110 East 42nd Street

801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500 New York, New York 10017

Fort Worth, Texas 76102 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

Wilmington Trust Company, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor

as Owner Trustee, Delaware Trustee, Brookfield Place

Issuer Owner Trustee, APGO Owner New York, New York 10281

Trustee, Titling Trust Owner Trustee and 

Administrative Trustee SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc.

1100 North Market Street 277 Park Avenue, 5th Floor

Wilmington, Delaware 19890 New York, New York 10172

Computershare Trust Company, N.A., Fitch Ratings, Inc.

as Collateral Agent, Administrative Agent 33 Whitehall Street

and Indenture Trustee New York, New York 10004

1505 Energy Park Drive 

St. Paul, Minnesota 55108 S&P Global Ratings

55 Water Street, 41st Floor

SG Americas Securities, LLC, New York, New York 10041

as Representative and an Underwriter 

245 Park Avenue Ernst & Young LLP

New York, New York 10167 5 Times Square

New York, New York 10036

BNP Paribas Securities Corp., 

as Representative and an Underwriter 

787 Seventh Avenue 

New York, New York 10019 

CIBC World Markets Corp.,

as Representative and an Underwriter

300 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10017 

TD Securities (USA) LLC,

as
Representative and an Underwriter 

One Vanderbilt Avenue, 11th Floor 

New York, New York 10017 

EXHIBIT A 

GMF LEASING LLC 

OFFICERS
CERTIFICATE 

The undersigned, the Vice President, Corporate Treasury of AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM
Financial (GM Financial), the sole member of GMF Leasing LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Depositor), hereby certifies, as of February 12, 2025, in such capacity, as follows: 

1. I am delivering this certificate (this Certificate) on behalf of the Depositor in
connection with the opinion (the Opinion) of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP (Katten) to be given as special counsel to the Depositor. I understand that Katten will be relying upon this Certificate in rendering the
Opinion and that this Certificate may be referred to in the Opinion and delivered in connection therewith, and I hereby consent to such reliance and use. I am authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate on behalf of the Depositor. All terms
used in this Certificate and not defined herein have the same meanings as in the Opinion. 

2. (a) The
Depositor is not a party to any litigation, action, suit, arbitration or legal, administrative, governmental or other proceeding or investigation (each of the foregoing a Proceeding), nor is any Proceeding pending or, to the best
of my knowledge, following due inquiry, threatened. 

(b) There is no judgment, order, writ, injunction or
decree of any court, governmental authority or regulatory agency to which the Depositor or its properties is subject. 

3. Except for the Agreements executed by the Depositor or the receipts, certificates, instruments and other
documents delivered by the Depositor on the 2025-1 Closing Date or otherwise contemplated by the Agreements executed by the Depositor, immediately prior to the transfer to the Issuer of the 2025-1 Exchange Note, there are no instruments, documents or agreements relating to the 2025-1 Exchange Note to which the Depositor is a party or by which the Depositor or any
of its properties is bound, subject or affected, which restrict the transfer of or encumber the 2025-1 Exchange Note. 

4. You may rely upon the representations and warranties that the Depositor has made to various parties in the Agreements
executed by the Depositor and the receipts, certificates, instruments and other documents delivered by the Depositor on the 2025-1 Closing Date. Such representations and warranties of the Depositor are true
and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof. Without limiting the foregoing: (a) the Depositor has, immediately prior to the transfer of the 2025-1 Exchange Note to the Issuer, all
right, title and interest in and to the 2025-1 Exchange Note free and clear of any liens, claims or encumbrances, and (b) no consents or approvals are required to be obtained in connection with the
execution, delivery and performance by the Depositor of the Agreements executed by the Depositor, other than any such consents or approvals as have been obtained prior to the 2025-1 Closing Date. 

5. Subsequent to the date as of which information is given in the Prospectus, and except as set forth or
contemplated in the Prospectus, there has not been any material adverse 

change in the general affairs, business, key personnel, capitalization, financial condition or results of operation of the Depositor. 

6. The Depositor has not previously offered the Notes or the Certificate for sale. 

7. The outstanding securities of the Depositor are beneficially owned only by GM Financial. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate is executed and delivered as to the
date first written above. 

GMF LEASING LLC

By: /s/ Meredith S. Dormire 

Name: Meredith S. Dormire

Title: Vice President, Corporate Treasury

[Officers Certificate to Katten Corporate/Security Interest Opinion (Depositor)] 

EXHIBIT B 

GM FINANCIAL 

OFFICERS
CERTIFICATE 

The undersigned, the Senior Vice President, Corporate Treasury of AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a
GM Financial, a Delaware corporation (GM Financial), hereby certifies, as of February 12, 2025 in such capacity, as follows: 

1. I am delivering this certificate (this Certificate) on behalf of GM Financial in connection
with the opinion (the Opinion) of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP (Katten) to be given as special counsel to GM Financial. I understand that Katten will be relying upon this Certificate in rendering the Opinion and
that this Certificate may be referred to in the Opinion and delivered in connection therewith, and I hereby consent to such reliance and use. I am authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate on behalf of GM Financial. All capitalized terms
used in this Certificate and not defined herein have the same meanings as in the Opinion. 

2. (a) GM
Financial is not a party to any litigation, action, suit, arbitration or legal, administrative, governmental or other proceeding or investigation (each of the foregoing a Proceeding), nor is any Proceeding, pending or, to the best
of my knowledge, following due inquiry, threatened, other than routine, ordinary course litigation that is not material or likely, if adversely determined, to cause a material adverse effect. 

(b) There is no judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree of any court, governmental authority or regulatory
agency to which GM Financial or its properties is subject. 

3. Except for the Agreements executed by GM
Financial or the receipts, certificates, instruments and other documents delivered by GM Financial on the 2025-1 Closing Date or otherwise contemplated by the Agreements executed by GM Financial, immediately
prior to the successive transfers to the Depositor and to the Issuer of the 2025-1 Exchange Note, there are no instruments, documents or agreements relating to the
2025-1 Exchange Note to which GM Financial is a party or by which GM Financial or any of its properties is bound, subject or affected, which restrict the transfer of or encumber the 2025-1 Exchange Note. 

4. You may rely upon the representations and
warranties that GM Financial has made to various parties in the Agreements executed by GM Financial and the receipts, certificates, instruments and other documents delivered by GM Financial on the 2025-1
Closing Date. Such representations and warranties of GM Financial are true and correct and complete on and as of the date hereof. Without limiting the foregoing, (a) GM Financial has, immediately prior to the sale of the 2025-1 Exchange Note to the Depositor, all right, title and interest in and to the 2025-1 Exchange Note free and clear of any liens, claims or encumbrances, and (b) no
consents or approvals are required to be obtained in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by GM Financial of the Agreements executed by GM Financial, other than any such consents or approvals as have been obtained prior to the 2025-1 Closing Date. 

5. Subsequent to the date as of which information is
given in the Prospectus, and except as set forth or contemplated in the Prospectus, there has not been any material adverse 

change in the general affairs, business, key personnel, capitalization, financial condition or results of operation of GM Financial. 

6. GM Financial has not previously offered the Notes or the Certificate for sale. 

7. The outstanding securities of GM Financial are beneficially owned only by General Motors Financial Company,
Inc. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate is executed and delivered as to the
date first written above. 

AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.

D/B/A GM FINANCIAL

By: /s/ Robert T. Pigott III 

Name: Robert T. Pigott III

Title: Senior Vice President, Corporate Treasury

[Officers Certificate to Katten Corporate/Security Interest Opinion (GM Financial)] 

EXHIBIT C 

GM FINANCIAL AUTOMOBILE LEASING TRUST 2025-1

OFFICERS CERTIFICATE 

The undersigned, the Senior Vice President, Corporate Treasury of AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial, the
administrator (the Administrator), of GM Financial Automobile Leasing Trust 2025-1, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer), hereby certifies, as of February 12, 2025
in such capacity, as follows: 

1. I am delivering this certificate (this Certificate) on
behalf of the Issuer in connection with the opinion (the Opinion) of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP (Katten) to be given as special counsel to the Issuer. I understand that Katten will be relying upon this
Certificate in rendering the Opinion and that this Certificate may be referred to in the Opinion and delivered in connection therewith, and I hereby consent to such reliance and use. I am authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate on behalf
of the Issuer. All capitalized terms used in this Certificate and not defined herein have the same meanings as in the Opinion. 

2. (a) The Issuer is not a party to any litigation, action, suit, arbitration or legal, administrative,
governmental or other proceeding or investigation (each of the foregoing a Proceeding), nor is any Proceeding pending or, to the best of my knowledge, following due inquiry, threatened. 

(b) There is no judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree of any court, governmental authority or regulatory
agency to which the Issuer or its properties is subject. 

3. Except for the Agreements executed by the Issuer
or the receipts, certificates, instruments and other documents delivered by the Issuer on the 2025-1 Closing Date or otherwise contemplated by the Agreements executed by the Issuer, there are no instruments,
documents or agreements relating to the 2025-1 Exchange Note to which the Issuer is a party or by which the Issuer or any of its properties is bound, subject or affected, which restrict the transfer of or
encumber the 2025-1 Exchange Note. 

4. You may rely upon the
representations and warranties that the Issuer has made to various parties in the Agreements executed by the Issuer and the receipts, certificates, instruments and other documents delivered by the Issuer on the
2025-1 Closing Date. Such representations and warranties of the Issuer are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof. Without limiting the foregoing: (a) the Issuer has all
right, title and interest in and to the 2025-1 Exchange Note free and clear of any liens, claims or encumbrances, other than the security interest granted under the Indenture, and (b) no consents or
approvals are required to be obtained in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Issuer of the Agreements executed by the Issuer, other than any such consents or approvals as have been obtained prior to the 2025-1 Closing Date. 

5. Subsequent to the date as of which information is
given in the Prospectus, and except as set forth or contemplated in the Prospectus, there has not been any material adverse 

change in the general affairs, business, key personnel, capitalization, financial condition or results of operation of the Issuer. 

6. The Issuer has not previously offered the Notes or the Certificate for sale. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate is executed and delivered as to the
date first written above. 

GM FINANCIAL AUTOMOBILE LEASING

TRUST 2025-1

By: AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM

Financial, as Administrator

By: /s/ Robert T. Pigott III 

Name: Robert T. Pigott III

Title: Senior Vice President, Corporate Treasury

[Officers Certificate to Katten Corporate/Security Interest Opinion (Issuer)] 

EXHIBIT D 

APGO TRUST 

OFFICERS
CERTIFICATE 

The undersigned, Senior Vice President, Corporate Treasury of AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM
Financial (GM Financial), the sole certificateholder of APGO Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (APGO), hereby certifies, as of February 12, 2025 in such capacity, as follows: 

1. I am delivering this certificate (this Certificate) on behalf of APGO in connection with
the opinion (the Opinion) of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP (Katten) to be given as special counsel to APGO. I understand that Katten will be relying upon this Certificate in rendering the Opinion and that this
Certificate may be referred to in the Opinion and delivered in connection therewith, and I hereby consent to such reliance and use. I am authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate on behalf of APGO. All capitalized terms used in this
Certificate and not defined herein have the same meanings as in the Opinion. 

2. (a) APGO is not a party to
any litigation, action, suit, arbitration or legal, administrative, governmental or other proceeding or investigation (each of the foregoing a Proceeding), nor is any Proceeding pending or, to the best of my knowledge, following
due inquiry, threatened. 

(b) There is no judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree of any court,
governmental authority or regulatory agency to which APGO or its properties is subject. 

3. Except for the
Agreements executed by APGO or the receipts, certificates, instruments and other documents delivered by APGO on the 2025-1 Closing Date or otherwise contemplated by the Agreements executed by APGO, immediately
prior to the transfer to the Depositor of the 2025-1 Exchange Note, there are no instruments, documents or agreements relating to the 2025-1 Exchange Note to which APGO
is a party or by which APGO or any of its properties is bound, subject or affected, which restrict the transfer of or encumber the 2025-1 Exchange Note. 

4. You may rely upon the representations and warranties that APGO has made to various parties in the Agreements
executed by APGO and the receipts, certificates, instruments and other documents delivered by APGO on the 2025-1 Closing Date. Such representations and warranties of APGO are true and correct in all material
respects on and as of the date hereof. Without limiting the foregoing, no consents or approvals are required to be obtained in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by APGO of the Agreements executed by APGO, other than any such
consents or approvals as have been obtained prior to the 2025-1 Closing Date. 

5. Subsequent to the date as of which information is given in the Prospectus, and except as set forth or
contemplated in the Prospectus, there has not been any material adverse change in the general affairs, business, key personnel, capitalization, financial condition or results of operation of APGO. 

6. APGO has not previously offered the Notes or the Certificate
for sale. 

7. The outstanding securities of APGO are beneficially owned only by GM Financial. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate is executed and delivered as to the
date first written above. 

APGO TRUST

By: AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM

Financial, as
Attorney-in-Fact

By: /s/ Robert T. Pigott III 

Name: Robert T. Pigott III

Title: Senior Vice President, Corporate Treasury

[Officers Certificate to Katten Corporate/Security Interest Opinion (APGO Trust)] 

EXHIBIT E 

ACAR LEASING LTD. 

OFFICERS
CERTIFICATE 

The undersigned, the Senior Vice President, Corporate Treasury of AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a
GM Financial, the sole certificateholder of APGO Trust, which is the sole certificateholder of ACAR Leasing Ltd., a Delaware statutory trust (the Titling Trust), hereby certifies, as of as of February 12, 2025 in such
capacity, as follows: 

1. I am delivering this certificate (this Certificate) on behalf of
the Titling Trust in connection with the opinion (the Opinion) of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP (Katten) to be given as special counsel to the Titling Trust. I understand that Katten will be relying upon this
Certificate in rendering the Opinion and that this Certificate may be referred to in the Opinion and delivered in connection therewith, and I hereby consent to such reliance and use. I am authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate on behalf
of the Titling Trust. All capitalized terms used in this Certificate and not defined herein have the same meanings as in the Opinion. 

2. (a) The Titling Trust is not a party to any litigation, action, suit, arbitration or legal, administrative,
governmental or other proceeding or investigation (each of the foregoing a Proceeding), nor is any Proceeding pending or, to the best of my knowledge, following due inquiry, threatened. 

(b) There is no judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree of any court, governmental authority or regulatory
agency to which the Titling Trust or its properties is subject. 

3. Except for the Agreements executed by the
Titling Trust or the receipts, certificates, instruments and other documents delivered by the Titling Trust on the 2025-1Closing Date or otherwise contemplated by the Agreements executed by the Titling
Trust, there are no instruments, documents or agreements relating to the 2025-1 Exchange Note to which the Titling Trust is a party or by which the Titling Trust or any of its properties is bound, subject or
affected, which restrict the transfer of or encumber the 2025-1 Exchange Note. 

4. You may rely upon the representations and warranties that the Titling Trust has made to various parties in the
Agreements executed by the Titling Trust and the receipts, certificates, instruments and other documents delivered by the Titling Trust on the 2025-1Closing Date. Such representations and warranties of
the Titling Trust are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof. Without limiting the foregoing, no consents or approvals are required to be obtained in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the
Titling Trust of the Agreements executed by the Titling Trust, other than any such consents or approvals as have been obtained prior to the 2025-1 Closing Date. 

5. Subsequent to the date as of which information is given in the Prospectus, and except as set forth or
contemplated in the Offering Memorandum, there has not been any material adverse change in the general affairs, business, key personnel, capitalization, financial condition or results of operation of the Titling Trust. 

6. The Titling Trust has not previously offered the Notes or
the Certificate for sale. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate is executed and delivered as to the
date first written above. 

ACAR LEASING LTD.

By: APGO Trust, as sole Certificateholder

By: AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM

Financial, as
Attorney-in-Fact

By: /s/ Robert T. Pigott III 

Name: Robert T. Pigott III

Title: Senior Vice President, Corporate Treasury

[Officers Certificate to Katten Corporate/Security Interest Opinion (Titling Trust)]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-8.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d898360dex81.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-8.1
<TEXT>
EX-8.1

Exhibit 8.1

1919 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Suite 800

Washington, DC
20006-3404

202.625.3500 tel

202.298.7570 fax

www.katten.com

February 12, 2025 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

Re: 

GM Financial Automobile Leasing Trust 2025-1 Tax
Opinion

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as tax counsel to AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial, a Delaware corporation (GM
Financial), GMF Leasing LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of GM Financial (the Depositor), GM Financial Automobile Leasing Trust 2025-1, a
Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer), APGO Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (APGO), and ACAR Leasing Ltd., a Delaware statutory trust (the Titling Trust), as to certain matters in connection
with the $226,890,000 Class A-1 4.408% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-1 Notes), $267,720,000 Class A-2-A 4.54% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-A Notes), $365,000,000 Class A-2-B Floating Rate Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-B Notes),
$632,710,000 Class A-3 4.66% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-3 Notes), $108,070,000 Class A-4 4.70%
Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-4 Notes and together with the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes and the Class A-3 Notes, the
Class A Notes), $87,500,000 Class B 4.89% Asset Backed Notes (the Class B Notes) and $80,500,000 Class C 4.99% Asset Backed Notes (the Class C Notes and, collectively with the
Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, the Notes), which will be issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Indenture), among the Issuer, Computershare Trust Company, N.A.
(Computershare Trust Company), as indenture trustee (in such capacity, the Indenture Trustee) and GM Financial, as servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer). The Publicly Offered
Notes consist of the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes and the Class B Notes. 

Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have their respective meanings set forth in Appendix 1 to the 2025-1 Exchange Note Supplement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the 2025-1 Exchange Note Supplement), among the Titling Trust, as borrower (in such
capacity, the Borrower), GM Financial as lender (in such capacity, the Lender) and as Servicer, Computershare Trust Company as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent)
and collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent) under the Credit and Security Agreement (as defined below), or if not defined in Appendix 1 to the 2025-1 Exchange Note Supplement, in
Appendix A to the Third Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2022 (as the same may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit and Security
Agreement), among the Borrower, the Lender, the Servicer, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 

KATTEN MUCHIN ROSENMAN LLP

CENTURY CITY CHARLOTTE CHICAGO DALLAS LOS ANGELES 

NEW YORK ORANGE COUNTY SHANGHAI WASHINGTON, DC 

A limited liability partnership including professional corporations 

LONDON: KATTEN MUCHIN ROSENMAN UK LLP 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
2

The term Preliminary Prospectus means the preliminary
prospectus dated January 29, 2025, relating to the Publicly Offered Notes (which omitted certain Rule 430D Information), as filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(h) of the Rules and Regulations including the documents incorporated by
reference therein pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act) at the time of such filing, used in connection with the offering of the Notes (which omitted certain Rule 430D Information). The term
Prospectus means the prospectus dated February 5, 2025, relating to the Publicly Offered Notes, as filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations including the documents incorporated by
reference therein pursuant to the 1933 Act at the time of such filing, used in connection with the offering of the Notes.

Dealers of motor vehicles originate closed-end lease contracts (each a Lease
Agreement) between the dealer, as lessor, and a retail customer, as lessee. Upon origination of the Lease Agreement, both the Lease Agreement and the motor vehicles that are the subject of such Lease Agreement (each, a Leased
Vehicle) are assigned by the originating dealer to the Titling Trust. The Titling Trust pays the purchase price to the dealers with cash loaned to it by GM Financial as an Advance made under the Credit and Security Agreement in
exchange for a pledge of such Lease Agreements (each pledged Lease Agreement, a Collateral Lease Agreement) and Leased Vehicles (each pledged Leased Vehicle, a Collateral Leased Vehicle) as security for such
Advances. Each Collateral Leased Vehicle is titled in the name of the Titling Trust and the Collateral Agent is named lienholder on the related certificate of title. 

Pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement, GM Financial may from time to time request that all or a portion of the Titling
Trusts obligations to repay the Advances to GM Financial pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement be issued in the form of a definitive Exchange Note and that a specified Designated Pool of Collateral Lease
Agreements and Collateral Leased Vehicles be designated as supporting only the Titling Trusts obligations under such Exchange Note. All amounts outstanding under the Credit and Security Agreement (including all outstanding Exchange Notes
issued thereunder) are secured by a single security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of GM Financial and each subsequent Exchange Noteholder, on all Collateral Lease Agreements, Collateral Leased Vehicles and any proceeds
thereof. Notwithstanding the existence of a single security interest under the Credit and Security Agreement each Exchange Note will be paid exclusively from Collections on the related Designated Pool and any Exchange Note-specific credit
enhancement. 

Pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement, together with the
2025-1 Exchange Note Supplement, the Titling Trust will issue an Exchange Note (the 2025-1 Exchange Note) to GM Financial on the 2025-1 Closing Date and will designate a Designated Pool of Collateral Lease Agreements and Collateral Leased Vehicles (the 2025-1 Designated Pool) to
support the 2025-1 Exchange Note. On the 2025-1 Closing Date, the 2025-1 Exchange Note will have an initial outstanding principal
balance of $1,870,000,000 and an interest rate of 5.00%. The stated maturity date of the 2025-1 Exchange Note will be July 20, 2029. 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
3

Pursuant to the 2025-1 Exchange Note
Sale Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the 2025-1 Exchange Note Sale Agreement), between GM Financial, as seller, and the Depositor, as buyer, on the 2025-1 Closing Date, GM Financial will sell to the Depositor, and the Depositor will purchase from GM Financial, all of GM Financials right, title and interest in, to and under the 2025-1 Exchange Note and the proceeds thereof without recourse. Pursuant to the 2025-1 Exchange Note Transfer Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the 2025-1 Exchange Note Transfer Agreement), between the Depositor, as seller, and the Issuer, as buyer, on the 2025-1 Closing Date the Depositor will sell to the
Issuer, and the Issuer will purchase from the Depositor, all of the Depositors right, title and interest in, to and under the 2025-1 Exchange Note and the proceeds thereof without recourse. Pursuant to
the Indenture, on the 2025-1 Closing Date the Issuer will issue the Notes to the Depositor as partial payment for the 2025-1 Exchange Note and will grant a security
interest in the 2025-1 Exchange Note and all other Indenture Collateral (as defined in the Indenture) to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders. 

Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement),
among GM Financial, individually and as Servicer, the Depositor, as seller and each of SG Americas Securities, LLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., CIBC World Markets Corp. and TD Securities (USA) LLC, as representatives (in such capacity, the
Representatives) of the several underwriters named therein (the Underwriters), the Depositor will sell the Publicly Offered Notes to the Underwriters. 

The Depositor will pay the proceeds from the sale of the Publicly Offered Notes to GM Financial as partial payment for the 2025-1 Exchange Note on the 2025-1 Closing Date. 

As tax counsel, we have examined original or reproduced or certified copies of the articles of incorporation and bylaws of
AmeriCredit, as amended to date, the certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement of the Depositor, as amended to date, records of actions taken by the board of directors of each of AmeriCredit and the Depositor, and the
resolutions adopted by the board of directors of each of AmeriCredit and the Depositor ratifying the execution, delivery and participation in the transactions contemplated by the Agreements (as herein after defined). 

In arriving at the opinions expressed below, we have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our
satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records, opinions of counsel, certificates and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of this opinion, including the following (the documents listed in clauses (a)
(p) below are collectively referred to as the Agreements): 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
4

(a) 

Credit and Security Agreement; 

(b) 

2025-1 Exchange Note Supplement; 

(c) 

Fourth Amended and Restated Servicing Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2022 (the Servicing
Agreement), among the Titling Trust, the Servicer, APGO and the Collateral Agent; 

(d) 

2025-1 Servicing Supplement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the
2025-1 Servicing Supplement), among the Titling Trust, the Servicer, APGO, the Indenture Trustee and the Collateral Agent; 

(e) 

2025-1 Exchange Note Sale Agreement; 

(f) 

2025-1 Exchange Note Transfer Agreement; 

(g) 

Indenture; 

(h) 

Asset Representations Review Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Asset Representations
Review Agreement), among the Issuer, GM Financial and Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC; 

(i) 

Underwriting Agreement; 

(j) 

Administration Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Administration
Agreement), among the Depositor, GM Financial, as administrator and the Indenture Trustee; 

(k) 

Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2011 (the Titling Trust
Agreement), between APGO, as settlor and Wilmington Trust Company (WTC), as owner trustee (in such capacity, the Titling Trust Owner Trustee), Delaware trustee (in such capacity, the Delaware
Trustee) and administrative trustee (in such capacity, the Administrative Trustee); 

(l) 

Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Issuer Trust
Agreement), between the Depositor and WTC, as owner trustee (in such capacity, the Issuer Owner Trustee); 

(m) 

Third Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2017 (the APGO Trust
Agreement), between GM Financial and WTC, as owner trustee (in such capacity, the APGO Owner Trustee); 

(n) 

Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Depositor, dated as of March 1, 2023
(the Depositor LLC Agreement), by GM Financial, as member; 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
5

(o) 

specimen of the 2025-1 Exchange Note, which will be issued pursuant
to the Exchange Note Supplement and the Credit and Security Agreement; 

(p) 

specimen copies of the Notes; 

(q) 

Preliminary Prospectus; and 

(r) 

Prospectus. 

We have also examined such other documents, papers, statutes and authorities as we have deemed necessary as a basis for the
opinions hereinafter set forth. In all such examinations made by us in connection with this opinion, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the completeness and authenticity of all records and all documents submitted to us as originals,
and the conformity with the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies thereof. 

We also have assumed, without
investigation, (a) as to all parties to the Agreements, the due authorization, execution, and delivery thereof, and the validity and enforceability thereof against all parties thereto (b) each party has full power, authority and legal
right, under its charter and other governing documents, corporate and regulatory legislation and the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, to execute and deliver the Agreements to which it is a party and to carry out the
transactions contemplated thereunder, and (c) the Agreements will be enforced in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 

With respect to matters of fact, we have relied, without investigation, on the representations and warranties of AmeriCredit,
the Depositor, the Issuer, APGO, the Titling Trust and other parties contained in the Agreements and in the instruments and documents delivered in connection with the execution of the Agreements. 

We have examined the question of whether the Notes will be treated as indebtedness for federal income tax purposes. Our
analysis is based on the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder as in effect on the date hereof and on existing judicial and administrative interpretations thereof. These
authorities are subject to change and to differing interpretations, which could apply retroactively. The opinion of tax counsel is not binding on the courts or the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS). 

In general, whether a transaction constitutes the issuance of indebtedness for federal income tax purposes is a question of
fact, the resolution of which is based primarily upon the economic substance of the instruments and the transaction pursuant to which they are issued rather than the form of the transaction or the manner in which the instruments are labeled. The IRS
and the courts have set forth various factors to be taken into account in determining whether or not a transaction constitutes the issuance of indebtedness for federal income tax purposes, which we have reviewed as they apply to this transaction.

Based on the foregoing, and such legal and factual investigations as we have deemed appropriate, we are of the opinion
that for federal income tax purposes: 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
6

(1) The Notes, to the extent treated for federal income tax
purposes as beneficially owned by a person other than the Depositor or its affiliates for such purposes, will be treated as indebtedness because: (i) the characteristics of the transaction strongly indicate that in economic substance, the
transaction is the issuance of indebtedness, (ii) the form of the transaction is an issuance of indebtedness, and (iii) the parties have stated unambiguously their intention to treat the transaction as the issuance of indebtedness for tax
purposes. 

(2) Assuming compliance with the terms of the Agreements, neither the Issuer nor the Titling
Trust will be treated as an association, or a publicly traded partnership, taxable as a corporation. 

(3)
The statements in the Preliminary Prospectus under the headings Summary of Prospectus Tax Status and Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences, and the statements in the Prospectus under the headings Summary
of Prospectus Tax Status and Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences, as they relate to federal income tax matters and to the extent that they constitute matters of law or legal conclusions with respect thereto,
accurately state all material federal income tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes to the original purchaser. 

Except for the opinions set forth above, we express no opinion as to any other tax consequences of the transaction to any
party under federal, state, local or foreign laws. We express no opinion on any matter not discussed in this letter, and we undertake no obligation to update the opinions contained herein after the date hereof. 

This opinion is for the benefit of the addressees hereof and any subsequent transferee of the Notes and it may not be relied
on by any other party or quoted without our express consent in writing. We place no limitations in this tax opinion, however, on the disclosure of the tax structure or tax treatment of the transactions contemplated by the Agreements. 

We express no opinion on any matter not discussed in this letter. Except as provided above, copies of this letter may not be
made available, and this letter may not be quoted or referred to in any other document made available, to any other person or entity except to (i) any applicable rating agency, institution providing credit enhancement or liquidity support or
governmental authority, (ii) any accountant or attorney for any person or entity entitled hereunder to rely hereon or to whom or which this letter may be made available as provided herein, and (iii) as otherwise required by law or in
connection with any action to which you are a party arising out of the transactions contemplated hereunder to support an assertion by you of a due diligence defense under federal securities laws. 

Copies of this letter may be posted by the Issuer or GM Financial to a password protected website accessible by any nonhired
nationally recognized statistical rating organization (a NRSRO) that provides to the Issuer or GM Financial the certification required by subsection (e) 

To the Addressees Listed 

on Schedule A Attached Hereto 

February 12, 2025 

Page
7

of Rule 17g-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (or any successor provision to such subsection) (Rule 17g-5), and agrees to keep this letter confidential as contemplated by Rule 17g-5; provided, that no such NRSRO will be entitled to rely on this letter, and each such
NRSRO, by accessing a copy of this letter, will be deemed to have agreed to comply with the terms of this sentence and not to provide copies of this letter to any other person. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP

SCHEDULE A 

AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. 

d/b/a GM Financial 

GMF
Leasing LLC 

GM Financial Automobile Leasing Trust 2025-1

APGO Trust 

ACAR Leasing Ltd.

801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500 

Fort Worth, Texas 76102 

Wilmington Trust Company, 

as Owner Trustee, Delaware Trustee, 

Issuer Owner Trustee, APGO Owner 

Trustee, Titling Trust Owner Trustee and 

Administrative Trustee 

1100 North Market Street 

Wilmington, Delaware 19890 

Computershare Trust Company, N.A., 

as Collateral Agent, Administrative Agent 

and Indenture Trustee 

1505 Energy Park Drive 

St. Paul,
Minnesota 55108 

SG Americas Securities, LLC, 

as Representative and an Underwriter 

245 Park Avenue 

New York, New
York 10167 

BNP Paribas Securities Corp., 

as Representative and an Underwriter 

787 Seventh Avenue 

New York, New
York 10019 

CIBC World Markets Corp., 

as Representative and an Underwriter 

300 Madison Avenue 

New York, New
York 10017 

TD Securities (USA) LLC, 

as Representative and an Underwriter 

One Vanderbilt Avenue, 11th Floor 

New York, New York 10017 

Barclays Capital Inc. 

745
Seventh Avenue 

New York, New York 10019 

Drexel Hamilton, LLC 

110 East
42nd Street 

New York, New York 10017 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC 

200
Vesey Street, 8th Floor 

Brookfield Place 

New York, New York 10281 

SMBC
Nikko Securities America, Inc. 

277 Park Avenue, 5th Floor 

New York, New York 10172 

Fitch
Ratings, Inc. 

33 Whitehall Street 

New York, New York 10004 

S&P Global Ratings 

55 Water
Street, 41st Floor 

New York, New York 10041 

Ernst & Young LLP 

5
Times Square 

New York, New York 10036
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>g898360dsp04.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>