<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-026652.txt : 20250214
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-026652.hdr.sgml : 20250214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250214081244
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-026652
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250214
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dayforce, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001725057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				463231686
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38467
		FILM NUMBER:		25623372

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3311 EAST OLD SHAKOPEE ROAD
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55425
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-853-8100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3311 EAST OLD SHAKOPEE ROAD
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55425

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ceridian HCM Holding Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171212
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d857804d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000172505700017250572025-02-142025-02-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): [February 14, 2025]

Dayforce, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-38467 46-3231686

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3311 East Old Shakopee Road,

Minneapolis, MN 55425

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (952)853-8100

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, $0.01 par value DAY New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On February 14, 2025, Dayforce, Inc. (the Company) and certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company (the Subsidiary Guarantors) entered into the First Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Amendment), which amended the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 29, 2024, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date of the Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement and, the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by the Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement) to effect a repricing, as previously announced. 

The Amendment effectuated a new senior secured term loan facility (the Refinancing Term Loans), which refinanced and replaced in full all of the outstanding term loans under the Existing Credit Agreement. The terms of the Refinancing Term Loans are, except as described in this Form 8-K, substantially identical to the terms applicable to the term loans under the Existing Credit Agreement. As a result of the Amendment, the applicable interest rate margin on the Companys term loans has been, (a) in the case of term loans that bear interest with reference to the term secured overnight financing rate (SOFR), reduced from 2.50% per annum under the Existing Credit Agreement to 2.00% per annum under the Amended Credit Agreement and, (b) in the case of alternate base rate loans, reduced from 1.50% per annum under the Existing Credit Agreement to 1.00% per annum under the Amended Credit Agreement. The Amendment also lowered the interest rate margin applicable to all revolving loans under the Existing Credit Agreement by 25 basis points per annum as follows: (a) in the case of loans that bear interest with reference to SOFR, from between 2.25% to 2.75% per annum under the Existing Credit Agreement to between 2.00% to 2.50% per annum under the Amended Credit Agreement (in each case, depending on the consolidated first lien leverage ratio of the Company) and (b) in the case of revolving loans that bear interest with reference to the alternate base rate, from between 1.25% to 1.75% per annum under the Existing Credit Agreement to between 1.00% to 1.50% per annum under the Amended Credit Agreement (in each case, depending on the consolidated first lien leverage ratio of the Company). 

The foregoing summary of the Amended Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Amended Credit Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference. 

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information provided in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference in this Item 2.03. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 

Description of Exhibit

10.1 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2025, by and among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dayforce, Inc.

Date: February 14, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Jeremy R. Johnson

Name: Jeremy R. Johnson

Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d857804dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of February 14, 2025 (this First Amendment), by and among Dayforce,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), the Subsidiary Guarantors party hereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JPM), as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacities
together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent) and in its capacity as the Refinancing Fronting Lender (as defined below) and each other First Amendment Lender (as defined below). Capitalized terms not
otherwise defined in this First Amendment have the same meanings as specified in the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the
Borrower, the lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent have entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of February 29, 2024 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified and in effect prior to the date hereof, together with all exhibits and schedules attached thereto, the Existing Credit Agreement); 

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the First Amendment Lenders and the Administrative Agent have agreed to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as
hereinafter set forth (the Existing Credit Agreement as amended hereby, the Amended Credit Agreement); 

WHEREAS, the
Borrower has requested that, on the First Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), (a) the Initial Term Loans as of the First Amendment Effective Date be refinanced with a new term facility in accordance with the applicable provisions of the
Existing Credit Agreement (including Sections 2.27 and 9.08(e) thereof) consisting of First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans (as defined below) (the Lenders holding the Initial Term Loans immediately prior to such refinancing, the Existing
Term Lenders) and (b) the Revolving Credit Lenders agree to make certain changes to the Existing Credit Agreement, in each case, as provided herein and in the Amended Credit Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, (a) each Rollover Lender (as defined below) has agreed to have its Initial Term Loans in the principal amount of its Rollover
Amount (as defined below) converted into a like principal amount of First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans, and JPM (in such capacity, the Refinancing Fronting Lender, and, together with each Rollover Lender, each a First
Amendment Refinancing Lender, and together with each Revolving Credit Lender, collectively, the First Amendment Lenders) has agreed to provide First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans (as defined below) in an aggregate
principal amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Initial Term Loans minus the aggregate Rollover Amounts of all Rollover Lenders, in each case, on the First Amendment Effective Date and in accordance with the terms and
conditions set forth herein and in the Amended Credit Agreement and (b) the Revolving Credit Lenders have agreed to make the requested changes to the Existing Credit Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained herein, as well as other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

SECTION 1. First Amendment
Refinancing Term Loans. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Amended Credit Agreement, each
First Amendment Refinancing Lender hereby commits to (i) in the case of each Rollover Lender, provide an amount (a Rollover Amount) of First Amendment Refinancing Term Loan Commitments (as defined below) equal to the
principal amount of Initial Term Loans held by such Rollover Lender as of the First Amendment Effective Date immediately prior to giving effect to this First Amendment (or such lesser amount as determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation
with the Borrower) and (ii) in the case of the 

Refinancing Fronting Lender, provide an amount of First Amendment Refinancing Term Loan Commitments equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Initial Term Loans minus the aggregate
Rollover Amounts of all Rollover Lenders as of the First Amendment Effective Date (each such commitment, a First Amendment Refinancing Term Loan Commitment and each such term loan, a First Amendment Refinancing Term
Loan). The First Amendment Refinancing Term Loan Commitments shall constitute Other Term Loan Commitments under the Amended Credit Agreement and the First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans shall constitute Other Term
Loans and Replacement Term Loans under the Amended Credit Agreement. 

(b) On the First Amendment Effective Date:
(i) each First Amendment Refinancing Lender, severally and not jointly, shall make (or in the case of any Rollover Lender, be deemed to make) a First Amendment Refinancing Term Loan to the Borrower in accordance with the terms of
Section 9.08(e) of the Existing Credit Agreement and the terms hereof and of the Amended Credit Agreement by delivering immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent (or in the case of any Rollover Lender, by exchanging its Initial
Term Loans (or a portion thereof, as determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower) into First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans) in an amount equal to its First Amendment Refinancing Term Loan Commitment and (ii) the
Borrower shall prepay in full the Initial Term Loans by directing the Administrative Agent to apply the funds made available to the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (i) above to prepay in full the Initial Term Loans. 

(c) Any Existing Term Lender may elect for a cashless roll of 100% of its Initial Term Loans into First Amendment
Refinancing Term Loans (or such lesser amount as determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower) in the same principal amount by executing a Term Lender Consent attached hereto as Annex I and delivering such Term
Lender Consent to the Administrative Agent (such electing Existing Term Lender, a Rollover Lender). It is understood and agreed that (i) simultaneously with the deemed making of the First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans by
each Rollover Lender and the payment to such Rollover Lender of all accrued and unpaid interest and fees in respect of the Initial Term Loans in respect of the Rollover Amount, such elected amount of the Initial Term Loans held by such Rollover
Lender shall be deemed to be extinguished, repaid and no longer outstanding and such Rollover Lender shall thereafter hold a First Amendment Refinancing Term Loan in an aggregate principal amount equal to such Rollover Lenders Rollover Amount
and (ii) no Rollover Lender shall receive any prepayment being made to other Existing Term Lenders holding Initial Term Loans from the proceeds of the First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans to the extent of such Rollover Lenders Rollover
Amount. 

(d) The First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans shall be subject to the provisions of the Amended Credit Agreement and the
other Loan Documents. 

SECTION 2. Amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement. 

Subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 below, on and after the
First Amendment Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples:
stricken text or
stricken text) and to add (x) the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner
as the following example: double-underlined text) and
(y) the single-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: single-underlined text) as set forth in Annex II attached hereto. 

SECTION 3. Conditions to the First
Amendment Effective Date. The effectiveness of this First Amendment is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the following conditions, and this First Amendment shall become effective on the time at which such conditions are satisfied or
waived (such date, the First Amendment Effective Date): 

(a) this First Amendment shall have been duly executed
by each Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, the First Amendment Refinancing Lenders (which, in respect of Rollover Lenders, may in the form of a Term Lender Consent attached hereto as Annex I) and each Revolving Credit Lender (in each case,
which may include a copy transmitted by facsimile or other electronic method); 

2 

(b) the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received, on behalf of the
First Amendment Lenders on the First Amendment Effective Date, a customary written opinion of Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP, in its capacity as special counsel for the Loan Parties, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date and addressed
to the Administrative Agent and the First Amendment Lenders; 

(c) the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) either (x) a
copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation or organization, including all amendments thereto (the Charter Documents), of each Loan Party, certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the state of its
organization or (y) a certification from such Loan Party that there has been no change to such Charter Documents since last delivered to the Administrative Agent, (ii) a certificate as to the good standing (where relevant) of each Loan
Party as of a recent date, from such Secretary of State or similar Governmental Authority and (iii) a certificate of the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or other senior officer of each Loan Party dated the Effective Date and certifying
(A) either (x) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the by-laws or operating (or limited liability company) agreement (the Governing Documents) of such Loan Party as in
effect on the First Amendment Effective Date or (y) there has been no change to such Governing Documents since last delivered to the Administrative Agent, (B) (1) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions or written
consent duly adopted by the Board of Directors (or equivalent body) of such Loan Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the First Amendment and any other Loan Documents to which such Person is a party and, in the case of the
Borrower, the borrowings hereunder, and (2) that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect, (C) that any attached Charter Document of such Loan Party has not been amended since the date
of the last amendment thereto shown on the certificate or articles of incorporation or organization furnished pursuant to clause (i) above and (D) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer executing any Loan Document on
behalf of such Loan Party and countersigned by another officer as to the incumbency and specimen signature of the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or other senior officer executing the certificate pursuant to clause (ii) above 

(d) the Administrative Agent shall have received, on behalf of the First Amendment Lenders, a certificate from a Responsible Officer of
the Borrower certifying that (i) the representations and warranties of each Loan Party in Section 4 are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date (except in the case of
any such representation or warranty which expressly relates to a given earlier date or earlier period, in which case such representation or warranty is made as of the respective earlier date or for the respective earlier period, as the case may be);
provided, that, any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language is true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on
such respective dates or for such respective periods and (ii) no Default or Event of Default exists on the First Amendment Effective Date before and immediately after giving effect to the First Amendment; 

(e) the Administrative Agent shall have received, on behalf of the First Amendment Lenders, at least three Business Days prior to the
First Amendment Effective Date, (I) all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities with respect to the Loan Parties under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations,
including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and (II) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under 31 C.F.R. 1010.230, a customary certification for the Borrower regarding beneficial ownership in
relation to the Borrower, in each case of clauses (I) and (II), that has been reasonably requested by any Lender in writing at least ten Business Days in advance of the First Amendment Effective Date; 

(f) the Administrative Agent shall have received, on behalf of the First Amendment Lenders, an executed notice as required by
Section 2.03 of the Existing Credit Agreement in respect of the First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans; it being understood that the requirement to deliver such Borrowing Request shall not result in the imposition of any condition precedent
that is otherwise expressly set forth herein; 

3 

(g) at the First Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower shall have paid to the
Administrative Agent, (i) for distribution to each Initial Term Lender, all accrued interest owing to such Initial Term Lender as of the First Amendment Effective Date and (ii) for distribution to each Revolving Credit Lender, all
outstanding principal and all accrued interest owing to such Revolving Credit Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement in respect of Revolving Loans; and 

(h) prior to or substantially concurrently with the funding of the First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans hereunder and under the
Amended Credit Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) to the extent invoiced at least 3 Business Days prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower and (ii) all fees required to be paid by the Borrower (which may be netted from the proceeds of the Loans borrowed on the First
Amendment Effective Date), in each case, hereunder, under the Amended Credit Agreement, under any engagement letter, under any fee letter or under any other Loan Document. 

SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties. To induce the other parties hereto to enter into this First Amendment, the Borrower
hereby makes the representations and warranties in Article III of the Existing Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto, in each case on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date
(except in the case of any such representation or warranty which expressly relates to a given earlier date or earlier period, in which case such representation or warranty is made as of the respective earlier date or for the respective earlier
period, as the case may be); provided, that, any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any
qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates or for such respective periods. 

SECTION 5. Effects on Loan
Documents. 

(a) Except as specifically amended herein or contemplated hereby, each Loan Document continues to be in full force
and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. 

(b) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this First
Amendment does not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor in any way limit, impair or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the
Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. 

(c) (i) Each of the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor acknowledges and agrees
that on and after the First Amendment Effective Date, this First Amendment constitutes a Loan Document for all purposes under the Amended Credit Agreement and (ii) each of the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby acknowledges and
confirms all of its obligations and liabilities under the Existing Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, in each case after giving effect to this First Amendment, and acknowledges and agrees that such obligations and
liabilities continue in full force and effect on a continuous basis in respect of, and to secure, the Obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, in each case after giving effect to this First Amendment. 

(d) On and after the First Amendment Effective Date, (i) each reference in the Amended Credit Agreement to this
Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement, the Existing
Credit Agreement, thereunder, thereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement, (ii) this First Amendment and the Amended
Credit Agreement shall be read together and construed as a single instrument and (iii) the amendments effectuated by this First Amendment shall, collectively, constitute a Refinancing Amendment under and as defined in the Existing
Credit Agreement. 

4 

(e) Nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle the Borrower nor any Subsidiary
Guarantor to a further consent to, or a further waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any term, condition, obligation, covenant or agreement contained in the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document in similar or different
circumstances. 

SECTION 6. Amendments; Severability. 

(a) This First Amendment may not be amended nor may any provision hereof be waived except in accordance with the provisions of
Section 9.08 of the Amended Credit Agreement; and 

(b) In the event any one or more provisions contained in this First
Amendment should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby (it being understood that the
invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not in and of itself affect the validity of such provision in any other jurisdiction). The parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. 

SECTION 7. Agent. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent
and collateral agent under the Existing Credit Agreement will continue to serve as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent under the Amended Credit Agreement. 

SECTION 8. Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial; Jurisdiction. THIS FIRST AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND
GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. The provisions of Sections 9.11 and 9.15 of the Existing Credit Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis. 

SECTION 9. Headings. Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this First Amendment and
are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this First Amendment. 

SECTION
10. Counterparts. This First Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a
single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this First Amendment that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed
signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this First Amendment. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to
this First Amendment shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual
executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. 

SECTION 11. Guarantor Consent and Reaffirmation. Each Guarantor hereby (i) consents to the amendment of the Existing Credit
Agreement effected hereby, (ii) acknowledges and agrees that all of its obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement, the Security Documents and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party (in each case, to the extent applicable), as
amended hereby, are reaffirmed and remain in full force and effect, (iii) reaffirms (A) each Lien granted by it to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and (B) any guarantee made by it pursuant to the Guarantee and
Collateral Agreement, (iv) acknowledges and agrees that the grant of a security interest by it as set forth in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and/or any other applicable Security Document remains in full force and effect and continues
to secure the obligations of the Loan Parties under the Amended Credit Agreement and (v) agrees that nothing contained in this First Amendment shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the obligations outstanding under the Existing
Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, which remain in full force and effect, except as modified hereby. 

5 

SECTION 12. Appointment of Arrangers. The Borrower hereby appoints
(i) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (together with Citibank, N.A., Citicorp USA, Inc., Citicorp North America, Inc. and/or any of their affiliates as any of them shall determine to be appropriate to provide the services
contemplated herein) and Goldman Sachs Bank USA as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners (collectively, in such capacities, the First Amendment Lead Arrangers) and (ii) BofA Securities, Inc. (or any of its affiliates
designated to act in such capacity), CIBC World Markets Corp., Barclays Bank PLC, BMO Capital Markets Corp., MUFG Bank, Ltd., PNC Capital Markets LLC, TD Securities USA LLC and Truist Securities, Inc. (collectively, in such capacities, the
First Amendment Documentation Agents), in each case, in connection with this First Amendment. The First Amendment Lead Arrangers and the First Amendment Documentation Agents shall not have any right, power, obligation, liability,
responsibility or duty under this First Amendment other than those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, the First Amendment Lead Arrangers and the First Amendment Documentation Agents shall not have or be deemed to have
any fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the other Lenders, the First Amendment Lead Arrangers or the First Amendment Documentation Agents in deciding to enter into
this First Amendment or in taking or not taking action hereunder. 

SECTION 13. Prepayment Notice. The parties hereto agree
that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or the Existing Credit Agreement, the Borrower shall be deemed to have delivered (and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto acknowledge receipt of) any notice of
prepayment required in connection with the prepayment of the Initial Term Loans under the Existing Credit Agreement. 

[Remainder of page
intentionally left blank.] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this First Amendment to be duly executed
and delivered by their respective proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

BORROWER:

DAYFORCE, INC.

By: 

/s/ Nicholas D. Cucci

Name: Nicholas D. Cucci

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature Page to Dayforce First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS:

DAYFORCE US, INC.

ABR PROPERTIES LLC

CERIDIAN GLOBAL HOLDING COMPANY INC.

CERIDIAN TAX SERVICE, INC.

DAYFORCE TALENT LLC

DAYFORCE SERVICES US LLC,

ATI ROW, LLC, each as a Subsidiary Guarantor

By: 

/s/ Nicholas D. Cucci

Name: Nicholas D. Cucci

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

DAYFORCE LICENSING LLC, as a Subsidiary Guarantor

By: 

/s/ Nicholas D. Cucci

Name: Nicholas D. Cucci

Title: President

[Signature Page to Dayforce First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, Refinancing Fronting Lender and Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

/s/ Inderjeet Aneja

Name: Inderjeet Aneja

Title: Executive Director

[Signature Page to Dayforce First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

CITIBANK, N.A., as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

/s/ Ioannis Theocharis

Name: Ioannis Theocharis

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Dayforce First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

/s/ Priyankush Goswami

Name: Priyankush Goswami

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Dayforce First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

/s/ Christina Marie Terry

Name: Christina Marie Terry

Title: VP - Credit Officer

[Signature Page to Dayforce First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE,

as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

/s/ James Day

Name: James Day

Title: Authorized Signatory

By: 

/s/ Nicholas Schlotter

Name: Nicholas Schlotter

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Dayforce First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

/s/ Sean Duggan

Name: Sean Duggan

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Dayforce First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

BMO BANK, N.A., as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

/s/ Scott Ackerman

Name: Scott Ackerman

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Dayforce First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

MUFG BANK, LTD., as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

/s/ Colin Donnarumma

Name: Colin Donnarumma

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Dayforce First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

/s/ Greg Strauss

Name: Greg Strauss

Title: Assistant Vice President

[Signature Page to Dayforce First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

/s/ Mike Tkach

Name: Mike Tkach

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Dayforce First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

TRUIST BANK, as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

/s/ Alfonso Brigham

Name: Alfonso Brigham

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Dayforce First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

[FIRST AMENDMENT REFINANCING TERM LENDERS SIGNATURE PAGES ON FILE 

WITH THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT] 

ANNEX I 

TERM LENDER CONSENT 

[Attached] 

ANNEX I 

Consent and Cashless Roll 

The undersigned Lender hereby agrees to the First Amendment as of the day and year set forth therein and commits an amount equal to 100% of the
Initial Term Loans held by such Lender to be First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans and agrees to exchange (on a cashless basis) 100% of the outstanding principal amount of the Initial Term Loans (or such lesser amount allocated to such Lender by
the Administrative Agent) held by such Lender for First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans in an equal principal amount. 

[LENDER], as a First Amendment Refinancing Lender

By: 

Name:

Title:

[By: 

Name:

Title:]1

1 

There are two signature blocks for those lenders requiring two signatories, all other lenders may delete the
second signature block 

ANNEX II 

AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

[Attached] 

[ANNEX II] 

Execution
Version

ANNEX II to First Amendment to Credit Agreemen

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

dated as of 

February 29, 2024

(as
amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated February 14, 2025)

among 

DAYFORCE, INC., 

as the Borrower, 

THE LENDERS
PARTY HERETO, 

and 

JPMORGAN
CHASE BANK, N.A., 

as Administrative Agent 

and Collateral Agent, and 

JPMORGAN CHASE
BANK, N.A., 

CITIBANK, N.A., 

and 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners for the Credit Facilities, 

and 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 

BMO BANK, N.A.,

MUFG BANK, LTD., 

PNC BANK,
N.A., 

TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC 

and 

TRUIST BANK 

as Documentation Agents 

Table of Contents 

Page 

ARTICLE I Definitions 1 

Section 1.01. Defined Terms 1 

Section 1.02. Terms Generally 7879 

Section 1.03. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 8081 

Section 1.04. Rounding 8081 

Section 1.05. References to Agreements and Laws 8081 

Section 1.06. Times of Day and Effectuation of Transactions 8081 

Section 1.07. Timing of Payment or Performance 8081 

Section 1.08. Cashless Rollovers 8081 

Section 1.09. Exchange Rate; Currency Equivalents Generally 82 

Section 1.10. Approved Alternate L/C Currencies 8182 

Section 1.11. Certain Calculations 8182 

Section 1.12. Benchmark Replacement Setting 8485 

Section 1.13. Canadian Benchmark Replacement Setting 8687 

Section 1.14. Certain Matters 8788 

Section 1.15. Conflicts 8990 

Section 1.16. Confidentiality, Privilege, Etc 8990 

Section 1.17. Divisions 8990 

ARTICLE II The Credits 8990 

Section 2.01. Commitments 8990 

Section 2.02. Loans 9091 

Section 2.03. Borrowing Procedure 9293 

Section 2.04. Evidence of Debt; Repayment of Loans 9293 

Section 2.05. Fees 9394 

Section 2.06. Interest on Loans 9495 

Section 2.07. Default Interest 9596 

Section 2.08. Alternate Rate of Interest 9697 

Section 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 9697 

Section 2.10. Conversion and Continuation of Borrowings 9899 

Section 2.11. Repayment of Borrowings 99100 

Section 2.12. Optional Prepayment 99100 

Section 2.13. Mandatory Prepayments 1001 

Section 2.14. [Reserved] 1045 

Section 2.15. Reserve Requirements; Change in Circumstances 1045 

Section 2.16. Change in Legality 1057 

Section 2.17. Indemnity 1078 

Section 2.18. Pro Rata Treatment 1078 

Section 2.19. Sharing of Setoffs 1078 

Section 2.20. Payments 1089 

Section 2.21. Taxes 1089 

Section 2.22. Assignment of Commitments and Loans under Certain Circumstances; Duty to Mitigate 1101 

Section 2.23. Swingline Loans 1112 

Section 2.24. [Reserved] 1134 

Section 2.25. Letters of Credit 1134 

Section 2.26. Incremental Credit Extensions 1189 

Section 2.27. Refinancing Amendments 1223 

(i) 

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 1245 

Section 3.01. Organization; Powers 1245 

Section 3.02. Authorization 1256 

Section 3.03. Enforceability 1256 

Section 3.04. Governmental Approvals 1256 

Section 3.05. Financial Statements 1256 

Section 3.06. No Material Adverse Change 1256 

Section 3.07. Title to Properties 1256 

Section 3.08. Subsidiaries 1256 

Section 3.09. Litigation; Compliance with Laws 1267 

Section 3.10. Federal Reserve Regulations 1267 

Section 3.11. Investment Company Act 1267 

Section 3.12. Taxes 1267 

Section 3.13. No Material Misstatements 1267 

Section 3.14. Employee Benefit Plans 1267 

Section 3.15. Environmental Matters 1278 

Section 3.16. Security Documents 1278 

Section 3.17. Location of Real Property 1278 

Section 3.18. Solvency 1278 

Section 3.19. [Reserved] 1278 

Section 3.20. [Reserved] 1278 

Section 3.21. Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism; Anti-Corruption; Sanctions 1278 

ARTICLE IV Conditions of Lending 1289 

Section 4.01. All Credit Events after the Effective Date 1289 

Section 4.02. First Credit Event 1289 

ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 1301 

Section 5.01. Existence; Compliance with Laws; Businesses and Properties 1301 

Section 5.02. Insurance 1301 

Section 5.03. Taxes 1312 

Section 5.04. Financial Statements, Reports, etc 1312 

Section 5.05. Notices 1323 

Section 5.06. Information Regarding Collateral 1323 

Section 5.07. Maintaining Records; Access to Properties and Inspections 1334 

Section 5.08. Use of Proceeds 1334 

Section 5.09. Further Assurances 1334 

Section 5.10. Designation of Subsidiaries 1356 

Section 5.11. Post-Closing Obligations 1367 

Section 5.12. Maintenance of Ratings 1367 

Section 5.13. Transactions with Affiliates 1367 

ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 1389 

Section 6.01. Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock 1389 

Section 6.02. Liens 1445 

Section 6.03. Restricted Payments 1445 

Section 6.04. Fundamental Changes 149150 

Section 6.05. Asset Sales 1501 

Section 6.06. [Reserved] 1512 

Section 6.07. Restrictive Agreements 1512 

Section 6.08. Business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries 1534 

Section 6.09. Modification of Certain Documentation 1534 

(ii) 

Section 6.10. Financial Covenant 1534 

Section 6.11. Accounting Changes 1535 

ARTICLE VII Events of Default 1545 

Section 7.01. Events of Default 1545 

Section 7.02. Right to Cure 1579 

ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent 1589 

ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 1623 

Section 9.01. Notices 1623 

Section 9.02. Survival of Agreement 1645 

Section 9.03. Binding Effect 1645 

Section 9.04. Successors and Assigns 1645 

Section 9.05. Expenses; Indemnity 1712 

Section 9.06. Right of Setoff; Payments Set Aside 1723 

Section 9.07. Applicable Law 1734 

Section 9.08. Waivers; Amendment 1734 

Section 9.09. Interest Rate Limitation 179180 

Section 9.10. Entire Agreement 179180 

Section 9.11. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 179180 

Section 9.12. Severability 1801 

Section 9.13. Counterparts 1801 

Section 9.14. Headings 1801 

Section 9.15. Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 1801 

Section 9.16. Confidentiality 1812 

Section 9.17. Release of Guarantees and Collateral 1812 

Section 9.18. USA PATRIOT Act Notice 1823 

Section 9.19. Lender Action 1824 

Section 9.20. Other Liens on Collateral; Terms of Intercreditor Agreement; Etc 1834 

Section 9.21. Judgment Currency 1834 

Section 9.22. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 1845 

Section 9.23. Certain ERISA Matters 1845 

Section 9.24. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 1856 

(iii) 

SCHEDULES 

Schedule 1.01(a) Existing Letters of Credit

Schedule 1.01(b) Subsidiary Guarantors

Schedule 2.01 Lenders and Commitments as of the Effective Date

Schedule 3.08 Subsidiaries

Schedule 3.17 Owned Real Property

Schedule 5.10 Unrestricted Subsidiaries

Schedule 5.11 Post-Closing Matters

Schedule 6.01 Existing Indebtedness

Schedule 6.02 Existing Liens

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A [Reserved]

Exhibit B-1 Form of Assignment and Acceptance

Exhibit B-2 Form of Affiliated Lender Assignment and Acceptance

Exhibit C Form of Borrowing Request

Exhibit D Form of Guarantee and Collateral Agreement

Exhibit E Form of Non-Bank Certificate

Exhibit F Form of Intellectual Property Security Agreement

Exhibit G Form of Intercompany Subordination Agreement

Exhibit H-1 Form of First Lien Intercreditor Agreement

Exhibit H-2 Form of First Lien/Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement

(iv) 

CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of February 29, 2024 (this Agreement),
among DAYFORCE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), the LENDERS (as defined herein) and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. (JPMorgan), as the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used
herein shall have the meanings set forth in Article I. 

RECITALS 

The Lenders are willing to extend credit to the Borrower and the Issuing Banks are willing to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the
Borrower, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

Definitions

Section 1.01. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified below: 

ABR, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan is, or the Loans comprising such
Borrowing are, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 

Acquired Indebtedness
shall mean, with respect to any specified Person: 

(a) Indebtedness of any other Person existing at the time such
other Person is merged or amalgamated with or into or became a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified Person, including Indebtedness incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person merging or amalgamating with or into or
becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified Person, and 

(b) Indebtedness secured by a Lien encumbering any
asset acquired by such specified Person. 

Additional Lender shall mean, at any time, any Person (other than a Person
who is already a Lender at that time), other than a Disqualified Institution, that agrees to provide any portion of (a) an Incremental Term Loan, Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments or a Revolving Commitment Increase pursuant to an
Incremental Amendment in accordance with Section 2.26 or (b) Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment in accordance with Section 2.27; provided, that (i) the relevant
Persons under Section 9.04(b) shall have consented (in each case, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to such Additional Lender if such consent would otherwise be required under Section 9.04(b) for an assignment of
Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments to such Additional Lender, (ii) no Affiliated Lender may provide any Revolving Commitment Increase or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and (iii) any Incremental Term Facility provided by an
Affiliated Lender shall be subject to the restrictions on Term Loans purchased by Affiliated Lenders set forth in Section 9.04(k) (and any Term Loans to be made by an Affiliated Lender (other than a Debt Fund Affiliate) pursuant to
Section 2.26 shall be subject to the limitation set forth in Section 9.04(k)(iv) as if such Term Loan were purchased as of the applicable Incremental Facility Closing Date). 

Adjusted EURIBO Rate shall mean, with respect to any EURIBOR Borrowing for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum
equal to the higher of (a) the EURIBO Rate in effect for such Interest Period and (b) 0.00% per annum. 

Adjusted Term
CORRA shall mean, with respect to any CORRA Borrowing for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) Term CORRA for such calculation and (b) 0.00% per annum. 

Adjusted Term SOFR shall mean, subject to the provisions of
Section 1.12(a), with respect to any SOFR Borrowing for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) Term SOFR for such calculation and (b) the Floor. 

Administration Fee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(b). 

Administrative Agent shall mean JPMorgan, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders, and shall include any
successor administrative agent appointed pursuant to Article VIII. 

Administrative Questionnaire shall mean an
Administrative Questionnaire in the form supplied from time to time by the Administrative Agent. 

Affected Financial
Institution shall mean (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate shall mean, when used with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one
or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified; provided, however, that no Lender or Agent, nor any of their respective Affiliates (other than any Affiliated Lender or any Debt
Fund Affiliate), shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries by virtue of its capacity as a Lender or Agent hereunder. 

Affiliated Lender shall mean any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate, the Borrower and/or any subsidiary of the Borrower. 

Affiliated Lender Assignment and Acceptance shall mean an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an
Affiliated Lender (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04) and accepted by the Administrative Agent in the form of Exhibit B-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower. 

Affiliated Lender Cap shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(k)(iv). 

Agency Fee Letter shall mean that certain Structuring Fee Letter, dated as of February 12, 2024, by and between the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

Agents shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Article VIII.

Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure shall mean, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving
Credit Exposures at such time. 

Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. 

Allocable Revolving Share shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.13(a)(iii). 

Alternate Base Rate shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the US Prime Rate in effect
on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 1/2 of 1%, (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such
day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1.00%; provided, that for the purpose of this definition, Adjusted Term SOFR for any day shall be based on the Term
SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology) and
(d) (i) solely in the case of the
InitialFirst
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans, 1.00% per annum and (ii) solely in 

2 

the case of the Initial Revolving Loans, 1.00% per annum. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the US Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR
shall be effective on the effective date of such change in the US Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR, as the case may be. 

Alternate Currency shall mean Canadian Dollars, Euros and Sterling. 

Alternate Currency-Denominated Loans shall mean any Loans denominated in an Alternate Currency (other than Canadian
Dollar-Denominated Loans). 

Ancillary Fees shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.08(b)(viii). 

Anti-Corruption Laws shall mean the United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010 and the
FCPA. 

Applicable Currency shall mean (a) with respect to any Loan or payment with respect thereto, the Available
Currency in which such Loan was incurred and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit or payment with respect thereto, the Available Currency or Approved Alternate L/C Currency in which such Letter of Credit is denominated; provided,
that the Applicable Currency of any Letter of Credit denominated in an Approved Alternate L/C Currency shall be US Dollars. 

Applicable Percentage shall mean, for any day: 

(a) with respect to any Initial Term
Loan at any time prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, a
percentage per
annualm equal
to (i) 2.50%, in the case of a SOFR Term Loan or (ii) 1.50% in the case of an ABR Term Loan; 

(b)
with respect to any First Amendment Refinancing Term Loan, a percentage per annum equal to (i) 2.00%, in the case of a SOFR Term Loan or (ii) 1.00% in the case of an ABR Term Loan;

(c)
(b) with respect to (i) any SOFR
Revolving Loan, EURIBOR Revolving Loan, SONIA Revolving Loan, ABR Revolving Loan, CORRA Revolving Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Revolving Loan, the applicable percentage per annum set forth in the table immediately below under the caption SOFR,
EURIBOR, SONIA and CORRA Revolving Spread or ABR Revolving Spread, Canadian Prime Rate Revolving Spread and Swingline Loans, as the case may be, (ii) the Commitment Fee for the Revolving Credit Commitments, the applicable
percentage per annum set forth in the table immediately below under the caption Commitment Fee Percentage, and (iii) any Swingline Loan, the applicable percentage per annum set forth in the table immediately below under the caption
ABR Revolving Spread, Canadian Prime Rate Revolving Spread and Swingline Loans (in the case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above of this clause (b), based upon the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio as of
the relevant date of determination): 

Consolidated First

Lien Leverage
Ratio SOFR, EURIBOR,

SONIA and CORRA

Revolving Spread ABR Revolving

Spread, Canadian

Prime Rate Revolving

Spread and Swingline

Loans Commitment

Fee Percentage 

Category 1 Greater than 4.50:1.00 2.752.50 % 1.751.50 % 0.50 % 

Category 2 Less than or equal to 4.50:1.00 but greater than 4.00:1.00 2.502.25 % 1.501.25 % 0.375 % 

Category 3 Less than or equal to 4.00:1.00 2.252.00 % 1.251.00 % 0.25 % 

3 

(d)
(c) in respect of any Indebtedness incurred or commitment fee pertaining to Commitments
established under Section 2.26 or 2.27, as applicable, as set forth in the Incremental Amendment or Refinancing Amendment, as the case may be. 

In respect of clauses (a), (bc) and, if applicable, (cd) of this definition, each change in the Applicable Percentage resulting from a change in the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio shall be effective on and after the third (3rd) Business Day following the delivery to the Administrative Agent of the Section 5.04 Financials and a Pricing Certificate indicating such change until and including the date immediately
preceding the third (3rd) Business Day following the next date of delivery of such financial statements and the related Pricing Certificate indicating another such change. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in respect of clauses (a),
(b)and
(c)and, if applicable,
(d) of this definition, until the Borrower shall have delivered the first Section 5.04 Financials and the related Pricing Certificate after the Effective Date, the Applicable Percentage
shall be determined based upon the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio on the Effective Date (for such purposes calculating EBITDA of the Borrower for the most recently ended 4-fiscal quarter period prior to the Effective Date for which a Pricing
Certificate has been delivered under the Existing Credit Agreement). In addition, at the option of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, (x) at any time during which the Borrower has failed to deliver the Section 5.04
Financials or the related Pricing Certificate by the date required hereunder or (y) at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Specified Default, then with respect to such events described in clauses (x) and
(y), in the case of clauses (a), (b) and (c)and, if applicable, (d) of this definition, the Consolidated First
Lien Leverage Ratio shall be deemed to be in the then-existing Category for the purposes of determining the Applicable Percentage (but only for so long as such failure or Event of Default, as applicable, continues, after which the Category shall be
otherwise as determined as set forth above). 

Approved Alternate L/C Currency shall mean each currency (other
than US Dollars and any Alternate Currency) that is approved in accordance with Section 1.10. 

Approved
Fund shall mean, with respect to any Lender, any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) such Lender, (b) an Affiliate of such Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages such Lender.

Arrangers shall mean, collectively and as the context may require, (i) JPMorgan, Citibank, N.A. and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, in their
capacity as joint lead arrangers and (ii) the First Amendment Lead Arrangers. 

ASC shall mean the Accounting Standards Codification promulgated by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board. 

Asset Sale shall mean: 

(a) the sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition, whether in a single transaction or a series of related
transactions, of property or assets of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (each referred to in this definition as a disposition); or 

(b) the issuance or sale of Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary, whether in a single transaction or a series of
related transactions; 

in each case, other than (the following being referred to as Permitted Asset Sales): 

4 

(i) any disposition of Cash Equivalents, Investment Grade Securities
or securities constituting Customer Funds or obsolete or worn out property or any disposition of inventory or goods (or other assets) held for sale in the ordinary course of business; 

(ii) the disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in a
manner permitted pursuant to the provisions described under Section 6.04 or any disposition that constitutes a Change of Control; 

(iii) the making of any Restricted Payment that is permitted to be made under Section 6.03 or any Permitted
Investment; 

(iv) any disposition of assets or issuance or sale of Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary in any
transaction or series of transactions with an aggregate fair market value of less than the greater of $170,000,000 and 37.5% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period; 

(v) any disposition of property or assets or issuance of securities (A) by a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower
to the Borrower or (B) by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower to another Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower; 

(vi) to the extent allowable under Section 1031 of the Code, any exchange of like property (excluding any boot
thereon) for use in a Similar Business; 

(vii) the sale, lease, assignment or sub-lease of any real or personal
property in the ordinary course of business; 

(viii) any issuance or sale of Capital Stock in, or Indebtedness or
other securities of, an Unrestricted Subsidiary; 

(ix) foreclosures on assets; 

(x) sales of receivables, payables or similar or related assets, or, in each case, participations therein, in connection
with any Receivables Facility; 

(xi) any financing transaction with respect to property built or acquired by the
Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Effective Date; 

(xii) sales of accounts receivable in connection
with the collection or compromise thereof; 

(xiii) transfers of property subject to casualty or condemnation
proceedings (including in lieu thereof) to relevant authorities or their designee upon the receipt of the insurance proceeds or condemnation awards therefor; 

(xiv) the abandonment of intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business, which in the reasonable good
faith determination of the Borrower are not material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 

(xv) voluntary terminations of Hedging Obligations; 

(xvi) the settlement or early termination of any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and/or any related Permitted Warrant
Transaction; 

5 

(xvii) Equipment Sale and Leaseback Transactions; 

(xviii) dispositions of surplus or non-core (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) assets acquired in connection
with any acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder and sales of real estate assets acquired in any acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder; provided, that no Event of Default under Sections 7.01(b),
(c), (g) or (h) exists on the date on which the definitive agreement governing the relevant disposition is executed; and/or 

(xix) (A)any issuance of Convertible Indebtedness and (B) any disposition in connection with settling any conversion
of Convertible Indebtedness. 

For the avoidance of doubt, (A) Asset Sale shall not include the issuance or sale of Capital Stock of the
Borrower and (B) clauses (i) through (xx) above shall not permit an IP Separation Transaction. 

Assignment and Acceptance shall mean an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an assignee, and accepted by
the Administrative Agent and, to the extent required by Section 9.04(b), consented to by the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit B or such other form as shall be reasonably approved by the Administrative Agent. 

Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.25(c). 

Available Canadian Tenor shall mean, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Canadian
Benchmark, as applicable, (a) if such Canadian Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Canadian Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement, or
(b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Canadian Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such
Canadian Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Canadian Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to
Section 1.13(d). 

Available Currency shall mean (i) with respect to Term Loans, US Dollars,
(ii) with respect to Revolving Loans, US Dollars and any Alternate Currency, (iii) with respect to Letters of Credit, US Dollars, any Alternate Currency and any Approved Alternate L/C Currency and (iv) with respect to Swingline Loans,
US Dollars or Canadian Dollars. 

Available Tenor shall mean, as of any date of determination and with respect to the
then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the
length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such
Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (d) of Section 1.12. 

Bail-In Action shall mean the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in
respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation shall mean, (a) with respect
to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which
is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule

6 

applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliate (other than through liquidation,
administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Benchmark shall mean, initially, Term SOFR; provided, that if
a Benchmark Transition Event, and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Term SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such
Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (a) of Section 1.12. 

Benchmark Replacement shall mean, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be
determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(a) the Daily Simple SOFR; or

(b) the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by
the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for US Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time in the
United States and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to
clause (a) or (b) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall mean, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (b) any evolving
or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for US
Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes shall mean,
with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S.
Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices,
length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption
and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the
Borrower, decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) 

7 

Benchmark Replacement Date shall mean, with respect to any Benchmark, the
earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

(a) in the case of clause
(a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of
such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 

(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on
which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been, or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or component thereof) have been, determined and announced by the regulatory
supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced
in such clause (c) and even if such Benchmark (or component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than,
the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have
occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event shall mean, with respect to any
Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

(a) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available
Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided, that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such
component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), as
applicable, in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided, that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or,
if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

8 

(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for
the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such
component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a
Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period shall mean, with respect
to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced
such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 1.12 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes
hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 1.12. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification
means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial
Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Benefit Plan shall mean any of (a) an
employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA
Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

Board shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

Bona Fide Debt Fund shall mean any Person that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in
commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business which is managed, sponsored or advised by any Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with (a) any competitor of the Borrower and/or any of
its subsidiaries or (b) any Affiliate of such competitor, but with respect to which no personnel involved with any investment in such Person (i) makes, has the right to make or participates with others in making any investment decisions
with respect to such Person or (ii) has access to any information (other than information that is publicly available) relating to the Borrower or its subsidiaries or any entity that forms a part of the business of the Borrower or any of its
subsidiaries; it being understood and agreed that the term Bona Fide Debt Fund shall not include any Person that is separately identified to the Arrangers in accordance with paragraph (a)(i) of the definition of Disqualified
Institution or any reasonably identifiable Affiliate of any such Person. 

Borrower shall have the meaning
assigned to such term in the preamble. 

Borrowing shall mean (a) Loans of the same Class and Type made, converted
or continued on the same date and, in the case of SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans and CORRA Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect or (b) a Swingline Loan. 

Borrowing Request shall mean a request by the Borrower in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03 and
substantially in the form of Exhibit C, or such other form as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent. 

9 

Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or day on which
banks are open for business in New York City; provided, however, that (a) a Business Day shall be any such day that is only a U.S. Government Securities Business Day in relation to any Loan referencing Adjusted
Term SOFR and any interest rate setting, funding, disbursement, settlement or payment of any such Loan referencing Adjusted Term SOFR or any other dealings of such Loan referencing Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, (b) in connection with a EURIBOR Loan
(including with respect to all notices and determinations in connection therewith and any payments of principal, interest or other amounts thereon), the term Business Day shall also exclude (i) any day on which banks are
generally not open for dealings in Euro deposits in the London interbank market and (ii) any day which is not a TARGET Day, (c) in connection with a SONIA Loan (including with respect to all notices and determinations in connection
therewith and any payments of principal, interest or other amounts thereon), the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are closed for general business in London, and (d) in connection with a Loan
denominated in Canadian Dollars (including with respect to all notices and determinations in connection therewith and any payments of principal, interest, fees or other amounts thereon), the term Business Day shall also exclude
any day on which commercial banks in Toronto are authorized or required by law to remain closed. 

Business Optimization
Initiative shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of EBITDA. 

Canadian
Benchmark shall mean, initially, the Term CORRA Reference Rate; provided, that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term CORRA Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Canadian
Benchmark shall mean the applicable Canadian Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Canadian Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 1.13(a). 

Canadian Benchmark Replacement shall mean, with respect to any Canadian Benchmark Transition Event, the first alternative
set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent: 

(a) Daily Compounded CORRA; or 

(b) the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower
giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Canadian Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market
convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Canadian Benchmark for Canadian Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (ii) the related Canadian Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

For the avoidance of doubt, if the Canadian Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above
would be less than 0.00%, the Canadian Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 0.00% for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Canadian Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall mean, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Canadian
Benchmark with an Unadjusted Canadian Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative
Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Canadian Benchmark with the applicable
Unadjusted Canadian Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Canadian Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
for the replacement of such Canadian Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Canadian Benchmark Replacement for Canadian Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 

10 

Canadian Benchmark Replacement Date shall mean, the earliest to occur of
the following events with respect to the then-current Canadian Benchmark: 

(a) in the case of clause
(a) or (b) of the definition of Canadian Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the
administrator of such Canadian Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Canadian Tenors of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Canadian Benchmark Transition Event, the first
date on which such Canadian Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be
non-representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Canadian Tenor of such Canadian
Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Canadian Benchmark
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Canadian Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all
then-current Available Canadian Tenors of such Canadian Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Canadian Benchmark Transition Event shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the
then-current Canadian Benchmark: 

(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the
administrator of such Canadian Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Canadian Tenors of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component
thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided, that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Canadian Tenor of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component
thereof); 

(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of
such Canadian Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Bank of Canada, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Canadian Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with
jurisdiction over the administrator for such Canadian Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Canadian Benchmark (or such component), which states that the
administrator of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Canadian Tenors of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided, that, at the time of
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Canadian Tenor of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Canadian
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Canadian Tenors of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 

11 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Canadian Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed
to have occurred with respect to any Canadian Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Canadian Tenor of such Canadian Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof). 

Canadian Benchmark Unavailability Period shall mean, the period (if any)
(a) beginning at the time that a Canadian Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Canadian Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Canadian Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in
accordance with Section 1.13 and (b) ending at the time that a Canadian Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Canadian Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with
Section 1.13. 

Canadian Conforming Changes shall mean, with respect to the use or administration of a
Canadian Benchmark or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Canadian Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the
definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments
of interest, timing of Borrowing Requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that
the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially
consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration
of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

Canadian Dollar-Denominated Loans shall mean any Revolving Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars. 

Canadian Dollars or CAN$ shall mean lawful money of Canada. 

Canadian Prime Rate shall mean, on any day, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate equal to the
PRIMCAN Index rate that appears on the Bloomberg screen at 10:15 a.m. Toronto time on such day (or, in the event that the PRIMCAN Index is not published by Bloomberg, any other information services that publishes such index from time to time, as
selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); provided, that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Capital Expenditures shall mean, as to any Person for any period, the additions to property, plant and equipment, software
purchases and development expenditures which can be capitalized under GAAP and other capital expenditures of such Person and its subsidiaries that are (or should be) set forth in a consolidated statement of cash flows of such Person. 

Capital Stock shall mean any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital
stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation), including partnership interests and membership interests, and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase or other arrangements or
rights to acquire any of the foregoing, but excluding for the avoidance of doubt any Indebtedness convertible into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing. 

Capitalized Lease Obligations shall mean, as to any Person, at the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount
of the liability in respect of a capital lease that would at such time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person in accordance with GAAP. 

12 

Cash Collateralize shall mean to pledge and deposit with or deliver to
the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender (as applicable) and the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Exposure, Obligations in respect of Swingline Loans, or obligations of Lenders to fund
participations in respect of either thereof (as the context may require), cash or deposit account balances (in the case of L/C Exposure in the respective currency or currencies in which the applicable L/C Exposure is denominated) or, if the
Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender benefiting from such collateral shall agree in its sole discretion, other credit support, in each case in an amount equal to 100% of the relevant L/C Exposure, Obligations in respect of
Swingline Loans or obligations of Lenders to fund participations and pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) the applicable Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as
applicable (which documents are hereby consented to by the Lenders). Cash Collateral and Cash Collateralized shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash
collateral and other credit support. 

Cash Equivalents shall mean: 

(a) US Dollars and Canadian Dollars; 

(b) (i) Euros and Sterling; and 

(ii) in the case of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, such local currencies held by them from time to time
in the ordinary course of business; 

(c) securities issued or directly and fully and unconditionally guaranteed or
insured by the U.S. government, the Canadian Government, the United Kingdom government, any member state of the European economic area or any Participating Member State or any agency or instrumentality thereof the securities of which are
unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation of such government with maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition; 

(d) certificates of deposit, time deposits and eurodollar time deposits with maturities of one year or less from the date
of acquisition, bankers acceptances with maturities not exceeding one year and overnight bank deposits, in each case with any commercial bank having capital and surplus of not less than $500,000,000 in the case of U.S. banks and $100,000,000
(or the U.S. dollar equivalent as of the date of determination) in the case of non-U.S. banks; 

(e) repurchase
obligations for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (c) and (d) entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (d) above; 

(f) commercial paper rated at least P-1 by Moodys or at least A-1 by S&P and in each case maturing within 24
months after the date of creation thereof; 

(g) marketable short-term money market and similar securities having a
rating of at least P-2 or A-2 from either Moodys or S&P, respectively (or, if at any time neither Moodys nor S&P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another Rating Agency) and in each case maturing within
24 months after the date of creation thereof and institutional money market funds registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940; 

(h) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States, the United
Kingdom government, any member state of the European economic area or any Participating Member State or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof having an Investment Grade Rating from either Moodys or S&P with maturities of 24
months or less from the date of acquisition; 

13 

(i) Indebtedness or Preferred Stock issued by Persons with a rating
of A or higher from S&P or A2 or higher from Moodys with maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition; 

(j) Investments with average maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated
AAA- (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P, Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moodys or any 2(a)-7 money fund; and 

(k) investment funds investing 95% of their assets in securities of the types described in clauses
(a) through (j) above. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) Cash Equivalents shall include amounts denominated in currencies
other than those set forth in clauses (a) and (b) above; provided, that such amounts are converted into any currency listed in clauses (a) and (b) as promptly as practicable and in any event
within ten Business Days following the receipt of such amounts and (y) Cash Equivalents shall not include Customer Funds. 

Change in Law shall mean (a) the adoption of any law, rule or regulation after the date of this Agreement or, in the
case of an assignee, an adoption after the date such Person became a party to this Agreement, (b) any change in any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this
Agreement or, in the case of an assignee, a change after the date such Person became a party to this Agreement, or (c) compliance by any Lender or any Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15, by any lending office of such
Lender or by such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date the relevant Lender or Issuing Bank becomes a party to this
Agreement; provided, that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith
and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory
authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

Change of Control shall mean that any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and
14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such Person and its subsidiaries, and any Person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan),
excluding one or more Permitted Investors, shall become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under such Act), directly or indirectly, of more than the greater (such greater percentage, the Required
Change of Control Percentage) of (1) 40% of outstanding Capital Stock of the Borrower having ordinary voting power and (2) the percentage of the then outstanding Capital Stock of the Borrower having ordinary voting power owned,
directly or indirectly, beneficially and of record by the Permitted Investors; provided, that: 

(a) a Person
or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own voting power or voting stock subject to a stock or asset purchase agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, warrant agreement or similar agreement (or voting or option or similar agreement
related thereto) until the consummation of the acquisition of the voting power or voting stock in connection with the transactions contemplated by such agreement, 

(b) if any group includes one or more Permitted Investors, the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of the relevant
Person that is directly or indirectly owned by the Permitted Investors that are part of such group shall not be treated as being beneficially owned by such group or any other member of such group for purposes of this definition, 

14 

(c) a Person or group will not be deemed to beneficially own the Capital
Stock of another Person as a result of its ownership of the Capital Stock or other securities of such other Persons parent company (or any related contractual right) unless it beneficially owns or controls 50% or more of the total voting power
of the Capital Stock entitled to vote for the election of directors of such Persons parent company having a majority of the aggregate votes on the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of such Persons parent company, 

(d) the right to acquire voting stock or any veto power in connection with any action (including the acquisition or disposition
of voting stock) does not cause a Person to constitute a beneficial owner; 

(e) a transaction shall not give rise to a
Change of Control solely as a result of the Borrower becoming a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of a parent company if immediately following such transaction, no Person or group (determined as provided above), other than any Permitted
Investor, is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than the Required Change of Control Percentage of the voting stock of any parent company that is not a subsidiary of any other parent company who beneficially owns, directly or
indirectly, more than the Required Change of Control Percentage of the Borrower; and 

(f) no Change of Control
shall be deemed to have occurred if the Permitted Investors have the right, by voting power, contract or otherwise, to elect or designate for election at least a majority of the board of directors of the Borrower or its applicable parent company
that, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the voting stock of the Borrower. 

Charges shall have the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 9.09. 

Class, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to
whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Initial Revolving Loans, Other Revolving Loans of the same Series, Incremental Revolving Loans of the same Series, Initial Term Loans, First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans, Replacement Term
Loans, Other Term Loans of the same Series, Incremental Term Loans of the same Series or Swingline Loans and, when used in reference to any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is an Initial Revolving Credit Commitment, Other Revolving
Credit Commitment of the same Series, Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment of the same Series, Other Term Loan Commitment of the same Series or Swingline Commitment; provided, that (i) Initial Revolving Loans, Other Revolving Loans of
the same Series and Incremental Revolving Loans of the same Series and (ii) Initial Revolving Credit Commitments, Other Revolving Credit Commitments of the same Series and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments of the same Series shall be
deemed to be part of the same Class of Loans or Commitments, as applicable, for purposes of (and only for purposes of) Revolving Credit Borrowings and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans. 

Closing Fee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(f). 

CME Term SOFR Administrator shall mean CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking
term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 

Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986. 

Collateral shall mean all property and assets of the Loan Parties, now owned or hereafter acquired, upon
which a Lien is purported to be created by any Security Document to secure the Obligations of any Loan Party. 

15 

Collateral Agent shall mean JPMorgan, in its capacity as collateral agent
for the Secured Parties, and any other Person acting as the Collateral Agent under any Intercreditor Agreement and shall include any successor collateral agent appointed pursuant to Article VIII. 

Commitment Fee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(a). 

Commitments shall mean the Revolving Credit Commitments, the Swingline Commitments, the First Amendment Refinancing Term Loan Commitments and, if
applicable, any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, any Other Revolving Credit Commitments and/or any Other Term Loan Commitments. 

Company Competitor shall mean (a) any competitor of the Borrower and/or any of its subsidiaries and (b) any
Affiliate of any such competitor (other than any such Affiliate that is a Bona Fide Debt Fund). 

Consolidated Depreciation and
Amortization Expense shall mean, with respect to any Person, for any period, the total amount of depreciation and amortization expense, including the amortization of deferred financing fees and capitalized software expenditures and
amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, goodwill, other intangible assets and customer acquisition costs and actuarial gains and losses related to pensions and other post-employment benefits, of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries
for such period on a consolidated basis and otherwise determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Consolidated First Lien Leverage
Ratio shall mean, as of the date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Indebtedness as of such date that is secured by first-priority Liens on the Collateral to (b) EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, in
each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

Consolidated Indebtedness shall
mean, as of any date of determination with respect to any Person, the sum, without duplication, of (a) the total outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness of such Person in respect of borrowed money (including obligations under drawn letters
of credit that have not been reimbursed within three Business Days) and the liquidation preference of any Disqualified Stock less (b) the amount of unrestricted cash (other than Customer Funds) and Cash Equivalents held by such Person
and cash and Cash Equivalents of such Person that are restricted in favor of the Credit Facilities (which may also include, for the avoidance of doubt, cash and Cash Equivalents securing other Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Lien on the
Collateral along with the Liens securing the Credit Facilities); provided, however, that Consolidated Indebtedness shall be calculated to exclude (i) any obligation, liability or indebtedness of such Person if, upon or prior to
the maturity thereof, such Person has irrevocably deposited with the proper Person in trust or escrow the necessary funds (or evidences of indebtedness) for the payment, redemption or satisfaction of such obligation, liability or indebtedness, and
thereafter such funds and evidences of such obligation, liability or indebtedness or other security so deposited are not included in the calculation of unrestricted cash, (ii) undrawn letters of credit, (iii) obligations in respect of
Capitalized Lease Obligations and/or purchase money Indebtedness and/or (iv) obligations that are subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio for the most recently ended
Test Period of (a) EBITDA for such Test Period to (b) Consolidated Interest Expense for such Test Period paid or payable in cash, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

Consolidated Interest Expense shall mean, with respect to any Person for any period, without duplication, the sum of: 

(a) consolidated interest expense of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, to the extent such
expense was deducted (and not added back) in computing Consolidated Net 

16 

Income of such Person, (i) including (A) amortization of original issue discount resulting from the issuance of Indebtedness at less than par, (B) all commissions, discounts and
other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit or bankers acceptances, (C) non-cash interest expense (but excluding any non-cash interest expense attributable to the movement in the mark to market valuation of Hedging Obligations
or other derivative instruments pursuant to GAAP), (D) the interest component of Capitalized Lease Obligations, and (E) net payments, if any, pursuant to interest rate Hedging Obligations with respect to Indebtedness, and
(ii) excluding (A) amortization of deferred financing fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses, (B) any expensing of bridge, commitment and other financing fees (including fees and expenses associated with the
Transactions and annual agency fees), (C) commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges (including any interest expense) related to any Receivables Facility, (D) any expense resulting from the discounting of Indebtedness in
connection with the application of recapitalization accounting or, if applicable, acquisition accounting, (E) any fee and/or expense associated with any disposition, acquisition, Investment, issuance of Capital Stock or issuance or incurrence
of Indebtedness (in each case, whether or not consummated), (F) any cost associated with obtaining, or any breakage cost in respect of, any Hedge Agreement or any other derivative instrument other than any interest rate Hedge Agreement or
interest rate derivative instrument with respect to Indebtedness, (G) any penalty and/or interest relating to Taxes and (H) for the avoidance of doubt, any non-cash interest expense attributable to any movement in the mark to market
valuation of any obligation under any Hedge Agreement or any other derivative instrument and/or any payment obligation arising under any Hedge Agreement or derivative instrument other than any interest rate Hedge Agreement or interest rate
derivative instrument with respect to Indebtedness; plus

(b) consolidated capitalized interest of such Person
and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, whether paid or accrued; less

(c) interest income of such
Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period (other than interest and investment income earned on Customer Funds). 

For purposes
of this definition, interest on a Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by the Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP. 

Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall mean, as of the date of determination, the ratio of (a) the Consolidated
Indebtedness as of such date to (b) EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

Consolidated Net Income shall mean, with respect to any Person for any period, the aggregate of the Net Income of such
Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, on a consolidated basis, and otherwise determined in accordance with GAAP; but excluding (without duplication): 

(a) (i)(A) any extraordinary gains or losses or expenses (including relating to the Transactions) and/or
(B) non-recurring, exceptional or unusual gains or losses or expenses (in each case, in the good faith determination of the Borrower) and (ii) severance, legal settlements, relocation costs, business optimization costs, costs associated
with entry into new markets, costs incurred in connection with new contracts, charges relating to strategic initiatives and project startup costs or branding costs, curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans,
the amount of any restructuring charges or reserves deducted, including any restructuring costs incurred in connection with acquisitions, costs related to the closure, opening and/or consolidation of facilities, retention charges, systems
establishment costs, spin-off costs, transition costs associated with transferring operations offshore and other transition costs, signing, retention and completion bonuses, conversion costs and excess pension charges and consulting fees incurred in
connection with any of the foregoing, 

17 

(b) (i) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles
during such period and (ii) the one-time or out-of-period impact of any accounting policy changes, 

(c) any
income (loss) from disposed, abandoned and/or discontinued assets, properties or operations (other than, at the option of the Borrower, any asset, property or operation pending the disposal, abandonment, divestiture and/or termination thereof), 

(d) any gains or losses (less all fees and expenses relating thereto) attributable to asset dispositions other than in
the ordinary course of business, as determined in good faith by the Borrower, 

(e) the Net Income for such period of
any Person that is not a Subsidiary, or is an Unrestricted Subsidiary, or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting; provided, that Consolidated Net Income of such Person shall be increased by the amount of dividends or
distributions or other payments that are actually paid in cash by any such Person that is not a Subsidiary or is an Unrestricted Subsidiary (or to the extent converted into cash) to such Person or a Subsidiary thereof that is the Borrower or a
Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such period, 

(f) solely for the purpose of calculating Excess Cash Flow and the
amount available under paragraph (b) of the definition of Restricted Payment Applicable Amount, the income or loss of any Person accrued prior to the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of such Person or
is merged into or consolidated with such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person or the date that such other Persons assets are acquired by such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person, 

(g) effects of purchase accounting adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to such Person and
such Subsidiaries) in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP, resulting from the application of purchase accounting in relation to any consummated acquisition after the Effective Date or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof,

(h) any income (loss) from the early extinguishment of Indebtedness or Hedging Obligations or other derivative
instruments, 

(i) any impairment charge or asset write-off, in each case, pursuant to GAAP and the amortization of
intangibles arising pursuant to GAAP, 

(j) (i) any expense or charges from grants of management equity plan, profits
interest or stock appreciation or similar rights, stock options, restricted stock or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, any pension plan (including any post-employment benefit scheme which has been agreed with the relevant
pension trustee), any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, any employee benefit trust, any employment benefit scheme or any similar equity plan or agreement (including any deferred compensation arrangement) and/or (ii) any charges
associated with the rollover, acceleration or payout of Capital Stock by management of the Borrower or any of its direct or indirect parent companies, in each case, in the case of cash charges, to the extent that the relevant cash charge is funded
with net cash proceeds contributed to relevant Person as a capital contribution or as a result of the sale or issuance of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock), 

(k) any fees and expenses incurred during such period, or any amortization thereof for such period, in each case,
regardless of how characterized under GAAP, in connection with the Transactions and any acquisition, Investment, disposition, issuance or repayment of Indebtedness, issuance of Capital Stock, refinancing, replacement or refunding transaction or
amendment or modification of any debt instrument (in each case, including any such transaction consummated prior to the Effective Date and regardless of whether such transaction has been consummated) and any charges or non-recurring merger costs
incurred during such period as a result of any such transaction, 

18 

(l) accruals and reserves that are established, adjusted and/or
incurred, as applicable, (i) within twelve months after the Effective Date that are so required to be established, adjusted or incurred as a result of the Transactions in accordance with GAAP or (ii) within 12 months after the closing of
any other acquisition that are required to be established, adjusted or incurred, as applicable, as a result of such acquisition in accordance with GAAP; and/or 

(m) (i) any amount to the extent that a corresponding amount is received in cash or reasonably expected by the Borrower
to be received in cash by such Person from a Person other than such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person under any agreement providing for reimbursement of such amount or (ii) to the extent actually reimbursed, or so long as the
Borrower has made a determination that there exists reasonable evidence that such will be reimbursed by the insurer and only to the extent that such amount is (A) not denied by the applicable carrier in writing within 180 days and
(B) expected by the Borrower in good faith to be reimbursed within thirty-six (36) months (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) of the relevant date of determination (with a deduction for any amount so
excluded to the extent not so reimbursed within such period), expenses with respect to liability or casualty events or business interruptions. 

It is
understood and agreed that (a) the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, elect not to exclude any loss, cost, expense, accrual, reserve or charge for any period and (b) to the extent not otherwise included in the determination of Net
Income for such period, Consolidated Net Income shall include the amount of any proceeds of any business interruption insurance policy that the Borrower expects in good faith to receive within thirty-six (36) months following the relevant date
of determination (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) (with a deduction for any amount so included to the extent not so received within such period). 

Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio shall mean, as of the date of determination, the ratio of (a) the Consolidated
Indebtedness as of such date that is secured by Liens on the Collateral to (b) EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

Contingent Obligations shall mean, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing any leases,
dividends or other obligations that, in each case, do not constitute Indebtedness (primary obligations) of any other Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without
limitation, any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, 

(a) to purchase any such primary obligation or
any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, 

(b) to advance or supply funds 

(i) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation, or 

(ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or
solvency of the primary obligor, or 

(c) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of
assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof. 

Control shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms Controlling and Controlled shall have meanings correlative thereto. 

19 

Convertible Indebtedness shall mean Indebtedness of the Borrower or any
parent company (which may be guaranteed by any Loan Party) that is (a) permitted to be incurred hereunder and (b) either (i) convertible into common equity of the Borrower or any parent company (and cash in lieu of fractional shares)
and/or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such common equity) or (ii) sold as a unit with any call option, warrant and/or right to purchase (or any substantially equivalent derivative transaction) that is exercisable for
common equity of the Borrower or any parent company and/or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such common equity). 

Convertible Notes shall mean the $575,000,000 Convertible Senior Notes maturing on March 15, 2026, evidenced by that
certain Indenture, dated as of March 5, 2021 by and among Dayforce, Inc. (f/k/a Ceridian HCM Holding Inc.) and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. 

CORRA shall mean the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average administered and published by the Bank of Canada (or any
successor administrator). 

Corresponding Tenor shall mean, with respect to any Available Tenor, as applicable, either a
tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 

Covered Party shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.24. 

Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness shall mean Indebtedness incurred or revolving credit commitments obtained, in
each case, issued, incurred or otherwise obtained (including by means of the extension or renewal of existing Indebtedness) in conversion of or exchange for, or to extend, renew, replace or refinance, in whole or in part, then-existing Term Loans
and/or then-existing Revolving Credit Commitments hereunder (including any successive Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness) (Refinanced Debt); provided, that: 

(i) such extending, renewing, replacing or refinancing Indebtedness (including, if such Indebtedness includes any Other
Revolving Credit Commitments, the unused portion of such Other Revolving Credit Commitments) is in an original aggregate principal amount not greater than the aggregate principal amount of the Refinanced Debt (and, in the case of Refinanced Debt
consisting, in whole or in part, of unused commitments, including then-existing Revolving Credit Commitments, the amount thereof), except by an amount equal to (A) unpaid accrued interest and fees thereon and/or premium (including tender
premium) with respect thereto and/or the amount of original issue discount and arrangement, commitment, underwriting, structuring or similar fees or amendment or consent fees payable in connection with such extending, renewing, replacing or
refinancing Indebtedness, defeasance costs and costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith, plus (B) additional amounts permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.01 and, if applicable, secured pursuant to
Section 6.02, subject to any parameters set forth in the relevant provision of Section 6.01 or Section 6.02, as applicable, 

(ii) other than with respect to the Inside Maturity Amount, Customary Bridge Loans and/or Customary Term A Loans and/or
revolving Indebtedness, such Indebtedness has (x) a final maturity date that is later than or identical to the final maturity date of the Refinanced Debt (and in the case of any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness which pertains to (or is
in the form of) a Term Loan, on or later than the Term Loan Maturity Date) and (y) and in the case of any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness which pertains to (or is in the form of) a Term Loan, a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal
to or greater than the Refinanced Debt, and 

(iii) unless such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness is incurred
by means of extension, renewal, conversion or exchange without resulting in Net Cash Proceeds, such Refinanced Debt shall be repaid, defeased or satisfied and discharged, and all accrued interest, fees and premiums (if any) in connection therewith
shall be paid pursuant to, and in accordance with the applicable requirements of, Section 2.12. 

20 

Credit Event shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 4.01. 

Credit Facilities shall mean the revolving credit, swingline and letter of credit facilities
provided hereunder (including as contemplated by Section 2.26 and/or Section 2.27, if any), and the term loan facilities contemplated by Section 2.01, Section 2.26 and/or Section 2.27, if
any. 

Credit Increase shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.26(a). 

Cumulative Retained Excess Cash Flow Amount shall mean, at any date, an amount not less than zero in the aggregate,
determined on a cumulative basis equal to the aggregate cumulative sum of the Excess Cash Flow for each fiscal year ending after the Effective Date and prior to such date not required to prepay the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.13(c)
hereof or Section 2.13(c) of the Existing Credit Agreement, as applicable; provided, that the portion of the Cumulative Retained Excess Cash Flow Amount that is attributable to any fiscal year (or portion thereof) that does not
constitute an Excess Cash Flow Period shall be equal to 100% minus the ECF Percentage applicable in respect of such fiscal year (or portion thereof). 

Cure Amount shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.02. 

Cure Right shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.02. 

Cured Default shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.14(a). 

Current Assets shall mean, at any time, (a) the consolidated current assets (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) of
the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that would, in accordance with GAAP, be classified on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as current assets at such date of determination, other than amounts
related to current or deferred Taxes based on income or profits (but excluding assets held for sale, loans (permitted) to third parties, pension assets, deferred bank fees and derivative financial instruments) and (b) in the event that a
Receivables Facility is accounted for off-balance sheet, (x) gross receivables or similar or related assets comprising part of the assets subject to such Receivables Facility less (y) collections against the amounts sold pursuant to
clause (x). 

Current Liabilities shall mean, at any time, the consolidated current liabilities of the Borrower
and its Restricted Subsidiaries at such time, but excluding, without duplication, (a) the current portion of any long-term Indebtedness, (b) outstanding Revolving Loans, L/C Exposure and Swingline Loans, (c) accruals of consolidated
interest expense (excluding consolidated interest expense that is due and unpaid), (d) accruals for current or deferred Taxes based on income or profits and (e) accruals of any costs or expenses related to restructuring reserves to the
extent permitted to be included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income pursuant to clause (a) thereof. 

Customary Bridge Loans shall mean customary bridge loans with an initial maturity date of not longer than one year;
provided, that (a) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any loan, note, security or other Indebtedness which is exchanged for or otherwise replaces such bridge loans is not shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any
Class of then-existing Loans and (b) the final maturity date of any loan, note, security or other Indebtedness which is exchanged for or otherwise replaces such bridge loans is not earlier than the Latest Maturity Date applicable to the Term
Loans on the date of the issuance or incurrence thereof. 

Customary Term A Loans shall mean customary (in the good
faith determination of the Borrower) term A loans, including any term loan that (a) has scheduled amortization of 2.50% or more per annum in at least one year during the term thereof, (b) has a final maturity date of five
years or less and (c) is primarily syndicated to commercial and/or investment banks (as determined by the Borrower in good faith). 

21 

Customer Funds shall mean any investments in client or customer assets
identified in the books and records of the Borrower and its subsidiaries whether held in trust accounts or otherwise pursuant to investment policies established by the Borrower and its subsidiaries from time to time. 

Daily Compounded CORRA shall mean, for any Business Day in an Interest Period, CORRA with interest accruing on a compounded
daily basis, with the methodology and conventions for this rate (which will include compounding in arrears with a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the methodology and conventions for this rate selected or
recommended by the Relevant Canadian Governmental Body for determining compounded CORRA for business loans; provided, that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative
Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion; provided, further, that if the administrator has not provided or published CORRA and a Canadian Benchmark Replacement Date with respect
to CORRA has not occurred, then, in respect of any day for which CORRA is required, references to CORRA will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published CORRA. 

Daily Simple SOFR shall mean, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day
(such day SOFR Determination Date) that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (a) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (b) if such SOFR
Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators
Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. If by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) U.S.
Government Securities Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Date, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Date has not been published on the SOFR Administrators Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to
the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrators
Website. 

Daily Simple SONIA shall mean, for any day (a SONIA Interest Day), an interest rate per
annum equal to the greater of (a) SONIA for the day that is three (3) Business Days prior to (A) if such SONIA Interest Day is a Business Day, such SONIA Interest Day or (B) if such SONIA Interest Day is not a Business Day, the
Business Day immediately preceding such SONIA Interest Day and (b) 0%. Any change in Daily Simple SONIA due to a change in SONIA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SONIA without notice to the Borrower. If
by 5:00 p.m. on the second Business Day immediately following any day SONIA in respect of such day has not been published on the SONIA Administrators Website, then SONIA for such day will be SONIA as published in respect of the first preceding
Business Day for which SONIA was published on the SONIA Administrators Website; provided, that SONIA determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SONIA for no more than three
(3) consecutive SONIA Interest Days. If the rate referred to in clause (a) is not available at such time for any reason, then the Daily Simple SONIA shall be a comparable successor rate per annum reasonably determined by
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (each acting reasonably) that is, at such time, generally accepted by the syndicated loan market for loans denominated in Sterling in lieu of SONIA and approved by the Revolving Credit Lenders;
provided, that the Revolving Credit Lenders shall be deemed to have approved such successor rate if the Required Revolving Lenders have not objected in writing thereto within five Business Days of receipt of notice thereof (notwithstanding
anything in Section 9.02 to the contrary). 

De Minimis ECF Threshold shall have the meaning assigned to
such term in Section 2.13(c). 

22 

De Minimis Proceeds Threshold shall have the meaning assigned to such
term in Section 2.13(b). 

Debt Fund Affiliate shall mean any Affiliate of the Borrower (other than the
Borrower and its subsidiaries or any natural person) that is primarily engaged in, or advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in, making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar
extensions of credit in the ordinary course and for which no personnel making investment decisions in respect of any equity fund which has a direct or indirect equity investment in the Borrower or its subsidiaries has the right to make investment
decisions. 

Declined Proceeds shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.13(g). 

Debtor Relief Laws shall mean the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment
for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors
generally. 

Default shall mean any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse
of time or both would constitute an Event of Default. 

Defaulting Lender shall mean any Person that (a) defaulted
in (or is otherwise unable to perform) its obligations under this Agreement, including any Person that has failed (which failure has not been cured) to fund any portion of the Revolving Loans, Term Loans or participations in the L/C Exposure
required to be funded by it hereunder on the date required to be funded by it hereunder, (b) has otherwise failed (which failure has not been cured) to pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by
it hereunder on the date when due, unless the subject of a good faith dispute, (c) has notified the Administrative Agent and/or the Borrower that it does not intend to comply with the obligations under Sections 2.02, 2.23 or
2.25, or (d) is (or its parent entity is) insolvent or is the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or a Bail-in Action; provided, however, that any Person which ceases to be a Defaulting Lender as a
result of a cure of any failure described in clause (a) or (b) above shall nevertheless constitute a Defaulting Lender for purposes of said clauses (and this Agreement) if such Lender has previously cured such a failure at
least two times. 

Designated Non-Cash Consideration shall mean the fair market value of non-cash consideration received
by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with an Asset Sale that is so designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to an Officers Certificate, setting forth the basis of such valuation, executed by a Financial
Officer of the Borrower, less the amount of Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale of or collection on such Designated Non-Cash Consideration. 

Designated Preferred Stock shall mean Preferred Stock of the Borrower, a Restricted Subsidiary or any direct or indirect
parent company of the Borrower (in each case other than Disqualified Stock) that is issued for cash (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Borrower or its subsidiaries)
and is so designated as Designated Preferred Stock, pursuant to an Officers Certificate executed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower, on the issuance date thereof, the cash proceeds of which are excluded from the calculation set forth in
the definition of Restricted Payment Applicable Amount. 

Discretionary Guarantor shall have the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 5.09(g). 

Disqualified Institutions shall mean (a) (i) any
Person identified in writing to the
ArrangersAdministrative
Agent on or prior to the day that is three Business Days
prior to the First Amendment Effective Date and (ii) any reasonably identifiable Affiliate of such Person and (b) (i) any Person that is or becomes a Company Competitor and is
designated by the Borrower as such in a writing provided to the 

23 

Administrative Agent after the First Amendment Effective Date, which designation shall be effective three Business Days
following delivery of such writing to JPMDQ_Contact@jpmorgan.com (or such other email address designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) and which designation shall not apply
retroactively to disqualify any Person that has previously acquired any assignment or participation interest in any Loan and (ii) any reasonably identifiable Affiliate of any such Company Competitor (other than a Bona Fide Debt Fund);
provided, that an entity becoming an Affiliate of a Company Competitor shall not retroactively disqualify any Person that has previously acquired any assignment or participation interest in any Loan. 

Disqualified Person shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(g). 

Disqualified Preferred Stock shall mean and Preferred Stock that constitutes Disqualified Stock. 

Disqualified Stock shall mean, with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person which, by its terms, or by the
terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is putable or exchangeable at the option of the holder thereof, or upon the happening of any event, automatically matures or is mandatorily redeemable pursuant to a sinking fund
obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (in each case, other than (a) solely for Capital Stock which is not Disqualified Stock or solely as a result of a change of control or asset sale, so long as any
rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale shall be subject to the occurrence of the Termination Date or such repurchase or redemption is otherwise permitted by this Agreement (including as a result of a
waiver or amendment hereunder) or (b) to the extent the relevant obligation is conditioned upon the occurrence of the Termination Date or the permissibility of the applicable redemption under this Agreement), in whole or in part, in each case
prior to the date 91 days after the earlier of the Latest Maturity Date then in effect at the time such Disqualified Stock is first issued or the date the Term Loans are no longer outstanding; provided, however, that (i) if such
Capital Stock is issued to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Borrower or its subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be
repurchased in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employees termination, death or disability and (ii) no Capital Stock held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer,
manager, member of management or consultant (or their respective Affiliates or immediate family members) of the Borrower (or any parent company or any subsidiary) shall be considered Disqualified Stock because such stock is redeemable or subject to
repurchase pursuant to any management equity subscription agreement, stock option, stock appreciation right or other stock award agreement, stock ownership plan, put agreement, stockholder agreement or similar agreement that may be in effect from
time to time. 

disposition shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Asset Sale.

Documentation Agents shall mean, as the context may require, (i) Bank of America, N.A., Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Barclays
Bank PLC, BMO Bank, N.A., MUFG Bank, Ltd., PNC Bank N.A., TD Securities (USA) LLC and Truist Bank, or any of their respective designated affiliates, in their capacity as documentation agents for the Credit
Facilitiesand (ii) the First Amendment Documentation Agents. 

Domestic Subsidiaries shall mean all subsidiaries incorporated or
organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia. 

24 

EBITDA shall mean, with respect to any Person for any period, the
Consolidated Net Income of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period: 

(a) at the election of the
Borrower, increased (without duplication and, other than with respect to clause (xi) below, only to the extent deducted (and not added back) in computing Consolidated Net Income) by: 

(i) provision for taxes based on income or profits or capital, including, without limitation, state, local, foreign,
franchise, property and similar taxes, foreign withholding taxes and foreign unreimbursed value added taxes (including penalties and interest related to any such Tax or arising from any Tax examination, and including pursuant to any Tax sharing
arrangement or as a result of any intercompany distribution) of such Person and such subsidiaries paid or accrued during such period; plus

(ii) Fixed Charges of such Person and such subsidiaries for such period (including (x) net losses on Hedging
Obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, (y) fees payable in respect of letters of credit and (z) costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities, in each case,
to the extent included in Fixed Charges); plus

(iii) Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Expense of
such Person and such subsidiaries for such period; plus

(iv) any expenses or charges (other than depreciation
or amortization expense) related to (1) any equity offering, Investment, Restricted Payment, acquisition, disposition, recapitalization or the incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (and any amendment or modification to any such transaction)
(including a refinancing thereof) (in each case, whether or not successful and whether or not permitted by this Agreement), including (x) such fees, expenses or charges related to the obtaining of the Credit Facilities, (y) any amendment
or other modification of the Credit Facilities and (z) commissions, discounts, yield and other similar fees and charges (including any interest expense) related to any Receivables Facility or (2) collection from insurers with respect to
liability or casualty events or business interruption (whether or not successful); plus

(v) Public Company
Costs; plus

(vi) any other non-cash charges, including any write offs or write downs, for such period;
provided, that if any such non-cash charges represent an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period, either (A) the Borrower may elect not to add back such non-cash charge or (B) the cash payment in respect
thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from EBITDA in such future period to the extent paid, and excluding amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period; plus

(vii) the amount of any minority interest expense consisting of subsidiary income attributable to minority Capital Stock
of third parties in any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; plus

(viii) (x) any business optimization expenses and
(y) any cost savings initiatives expenses; plus

(ix) the amount of loss on sale of receivables, payables
or similar or related assets to any Receivables Subsidiary in connection with a Receivables Facility; plus

(x) any costs or expense by such Person or any such subsidiary pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option
plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, to the extent that such cost or expenses are funded with cash proceeds contributed to the capital of the Borrower or a Restricted
Guarantor or net cash proceeds of an issuance of Capital Stock of the Borrower or a Restricted Guarantor (other than Disqualified Stock) solely to the extent that such net cash proceeds are excluded from the calculation set forth in the definition
of Restricted Payment Applicable Amount; plus

25 

(xi) the amount of any expected cost savings, operating expense
reductions and/or synergies (net of amounts actually realized) relating to any Investment, acquisition, disposition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, discontinued operation, operational change, cost savings initiative, operating improvement,
restructuring and/or any similar initiative or specified transaction (each, a Business Optimization Initiative); provided, that (x) such expected cost savings, operating expense reductions and other synergies are
reasonably identifiable, and (y) for purposes of Section 6.10, a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall have certified (which certification may be included in the certificate delivered pursuant to Section 5.04(c)) to
the Administrative Agent that such cost savings, operating expense reductions and/or synergies are reasonably identifiable and reasonably expected to be realized within twenty-four (24) months of the relevant date of determination; plus

(xii) any charge incurred or accrued in connection with any single or one-time event, including in connection with
(A) any acquisition or similar Investment consummated (1) within the 12-month period prior to the Effective Date, (2) on the Effective Date or (3) after the Effective Date and/or (B) the closing, consolidation or
reconfiguration of any facility during such period; 

(b) at the election of the Borrower, increased by a pro forma
run-rate adjustment in the amount of any incremental value (if positive) of the relevant Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries that such Person in good faith reasonably believes would have been or will be realized or achieved as a
contribution to EBITDA within twenty-four (24) months of the relevant date of determination from (i) any increased pricing or volume (including as a result of any price commitment or similar document, collectively, New
Pricing or Volume) and/or (ii) the entry into (and performance under) (A) any binding and effective new agreement with any new customer and/or (B) if the same generates incremental contract value, any new agreement (or any
amendment to any existing agreement) with any existing customer (collectively, New Contracts) during the relevant period as if the relevant New Contract or New Pricing or Volume had been effective and, in the case of New
Contracts, performance thereunder, had commenced (assuming full implementation) as of the beginning of the relevant period (which incremental value shall be calculated on a pro forma basis as though the full run rate effect of such incremental value
had been realized as a contribution to EBITDA on the first day of such period), including, without limitation, such incremental value attributable to any New Contract or New Pricing or Volume that is in excess of (but without duplication of) the
value attributable to any New Contract or New Pricing or Volume that has been actually realized as a contribution to EBITDA during such period, as long as such incremental contract value is reasonably identifiable and factually supportable; 

(c) at the election of the Borrower, any other add-back, adjustment and/or exclusion reflected in (i) the Financial
Model and/or (ii) of the type reflected in any quality of earnings report prepared by any independent registered public accountant of recognized national standing or any other accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent
delivered to the Administrative Agent (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with any acquisition or similar investment prior to or after the Effective Date) 

(d) decreased by (without duplication) (i) any non-cash gains increasing Consolidated Net Income of such Person and
such subsidiaries for such period, excluding any non-cash gains to the extent they represent the reversal of an accrual or reserve for a potential cash item that reduced EBITDA in any prior period and (ii) the minority interest income
consisting of subsidiary losses attributable to minority Capital Stock of third parties in any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary to the extent such minority interest income is included in Consolidated Net Income; and 

26 

(e) increased or decreased by (without duplication): 

(i) any net loss or gain resulting in such period from Hedging Obligations and the application of ASC 815 and
IAS 39 and their respective related pronouncements and interpretations; plus or minus, as applicable, and 

(ii) any net loss or gain resulting in such period from currency translation losses or gains related to currency
re-measurements of indebtedness (including any net loss or gain). 

ECF Percentage shall mean, with respect to any
fiscal year, 50%; provided, however, if the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio (calculated at the time of the relevant payment) is (a) less than or equal to 4.75:1.00 but greater than 4.25:1.00, then the ECF Percentage with
respect to such fiscal year shall mean 25% and (b) less than or equal to 4.25:1.00, then the ECF Percentage with respect to such fiscal year shall mean 0%. 

ECF Prepayment Amount shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.13(c). 

EEA Financial Institution shall mean (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member
Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial
institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country shall mean any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority shall mean any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Effective Date shall mean February 29, 2024. 

Effective Date Refinancing shall mean all indebtedness for borrowed money that is outstanding under the Existing Credit
Agreement will be repaid in full (or in the case of letters of credit issued under the Existing Credit Agreement, at the election of the Borrower, replaced, backstopped or incorporated or grandfathered into this Agreement) and all
commitments, liens and security interests (other than with respect to letters of credit that have been backstopped or cash collateralized) shall be terminated and released. 

Effective Yield shall mean, as to any Indebtedness, the effective yield on such Indebtedness as determined by the Borrower
in consultation with the Administrative Agent in a manner consistent with generally accepted financial practices, taking into account the applicable (a) interest rate margins, (b) any interest rate floors or similar devices (subject to the
proviso set forth below), (c) any amendment to the relevant interest rate margins and interest rate floors prior to the applicable date of determination and (d) original issue discount and upfront or similar fees (based on an assumed
four-year average life to maturity or, if lesser, remaining average life to maturity) paid directly by the Borrower generally to all relevant lenders ratably, but excluding any arrangement, structuring, commitment, underwriting, ticking, unused line
and/or amendment fee or other fee payable in connection therewith that are not generally shared with the relevant lenders and customary consent fees paid generally to consenting lenders; provided, however, that (A) to the extent
that Adjusted Term SOFR (with an Interest Period of three months) or Alternate Base Rate (without giving effect to any floor specified in the definition thereof) is less than any floor applicable to the Term Loans in respect of which the Effective
Yield is being calculated on the date on which the Effective Yield is determined, the amount of the resulting difference will be deemed added to the interest rate margin applicable to the relevant Indebtedness for purposes of calculating the
Effective Yield and (B) to the extent that Adjusted Term SOFR (with an Interest Period of three 

27 

months) or Alternate Base Rate (without giving effect to any floor specified in the definition thereof) is greater than any applicable floor on the date on which the Effective Yield is
determined, the floor will be disregarded in calculating the Effective Yield. All such determinations made by the Borrower as provided above shall, absent manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on the Borrower and the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent shall have no liability to any Person with respect to such determination absent gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other
record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 

Eligible
Assignee shall mean (a) any Lender, (b) any commercial bank, insurance company, or finance company, financial institution, any fund that invests in loans or any other accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D of
the Securities Act), (c) any Affiliate of any Lender, (d) any Approved Fund of any Lender or (e) to the extent permitted under Section 9.04(k), any Affiliated Lender or any Debt Fund Affiliate; provided, that in any
event, Eligible Assignee shall not include (i) any natural person, (ii) any Disqualified Institution or (iii) except as permitted under Section 2.26, Section 2.27 and/or Section 9.04(k),
the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. 

Engagement Letter shall mean the Engagement and Fee Letter, dated
February 12, 2024 among, inter alias, the Borrower, the Arrangers, and the Documentation Agents. 

Environmental
Laws shall mean any and all applicable Federal, state, local and foreign laws (including common law), treaties, regulations, rules, ordinances, codes, decrees, judgments, directives and orders (including consent orders), having the force
and effect of law, in each case, relating to pollution, protection of the environment, natural resources, or to human health and safety (as it relates to environmental protection or exposure to Hazardous Materials). 

Equipment Sale and Leaseback Transaction shall mean any equipment financing or similar arrangement that is not prohibited
by Sections 6.01 and/or 6.02 and is entered into by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business with any Person that requires the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary to purchase the equipment
subject to such financing or similar arrangement, sell such equipment to the relevant financing provider and thereafter rent or lease such equipment from the relevant financing provider. 

Equity Cure Proceeds shall mean the proceeds received by the Borrower in respect of any Cure Amount. 

Equity Offering shall mean any public or private sale of common stock or Preferred Stock of the Borrower or of a direct or
indirect parent of the Borrower (excluding Disqualified Stock), other than: 

(a) public offerings with respect to any
such Persons common stock registered on Form S-8; 

(b) issuances to the Borrower or any subsidiary of the
Borrower; and 

(c) any such public or private sale that results in an Excluded Contribution Amount. 

ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 

ERISA Affiliate shall mean any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is under common control with any Loan
Party under Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA. 

28 

ERISA Event shall mean (a) any reportable event, as
defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, but excluding any event for which the 30-day notice period is waived, with respect to a Pension Plan, (b) with respect to a Pension Plan, the failure to satisfy the
minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, (c) the incurrence by any Loan Party or an ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the
termination of any Pension Plan or the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of any Loan Party or an ERISA Affiliate from any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (d) the filing or a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan
amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the receipt by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice of intent to terminate any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan or to
appoint a trustee to administer any Pension Plan, (e) the adoption of any amendment to a Pension Plan that would require the provision of security pursuant to the Code, ERISA or other applicable law, (f) the receipt by any Loan Party or
any ERISA Affiliate of any notice concerning statutory liability arising from the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to
be, insolvent, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, (g) the occurrence of a nonexempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code) with respect to which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
is a disqualified person (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code) or with respect to which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary could reasonably be expected to have any liability, (h) any event or condition which
constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan or the appointment of a trustee to administer any Pension Plan or (i) any other extraordinary event or condition with respect to
a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which could reasonably be expected to result in a Lien or any acceleration of any statutory requirement to fund all or a substantial portion of the unfunded accrued benefit liabilities of such plan. 

Escrow shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Indebtedness. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule shall mean the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or
any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

EURIBO Rate shall mean, with respect to any EURIBOR Borrowing
for any Interest Period, 

(a) the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent at approximately 11:00 a.m.
(Brussels time) on the date that is 2 Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period by reference to the Banking Federation of the European Union that appears on the Reuters Page EURIBOR-01 for deposits in Euros (or such other
comparable page as may, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, replace such page for the purpose of displaying such rates) for a period equal to such Interest Period and for an amount approximately equal to the proposed EURIBOR Borrowing; or

(b) if the rate referred to in clause (a) is not available at such time for any reason, then the
EURIBO Rate for such Interest Period shall be a comparable successor rate per annum reasonably determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (each acting reasonably) that is, at such time, generally accepted by the syndicated
loan market for loans denominated in Euro in lieu of the EURIBO Rate and approved by the Revolving Credit Lenders; provided, that the Revolving Credit Lenders shall be deemed to have approved such successor rate if the Required
Revolving Lenders have not objected in writing thereto within five Business Days of receipt of notice thereof (notwithstanding anything in Section 9.02 to the contrary); or 

(c) to the extent that an interest rate is not ascertainable pursuant to the foregoing clauses (a) or
(b), the EURIBO Rate shall be the interest rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the average of the rates per annum at which deposits in Euro are offered for such relevant Interest Period and for an amount
approximately equal to the proposed EURIBOR Borrowing to major banks in the European interbank market by the Administrative Agent at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the date that is 2 Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest
Period. 

29 

EURIBOR, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to
whether such Loan is, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing are, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted EURIBO Rate. 

Euro shall mean the single currency of the Participating Member States. 

Event of Default shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01. 

Excess Cash Flow shall mean, for any fiscal year of the Borrower, the excess of: 

(a) the sum, without duplication, of: 

(i) EBITDA (without giving effect to clause (a)(xi), clause (b) and/or, if applicable, clause (c) of the
definition thereof); it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that the Cure Amount shall not increase EBITDA for purposes of this definition; 

(ii) the decrease, if any, in Current Assets minus Current Liabilities from the beginning to the end of such
fiscal year, but excluding any such reductions in working capital arising from the acquisition of any Person by the Borrower and/or the Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(iii) foreign currency translation gains received in cash related to currency remeasurements of indebtedness (including
any net cash gain resulting from Hedge Agreements for currency exchange risk), to the extent not otherwise included in calculating EBITDA; 

(iv) net cash gains resulting in such period from Hedging Obligations and the application of ASC 815 and IAS 39 and their
respective pronouncements and interpretations, to the extent not otherwise included in calculating EBITDA; and 

(v) extraordinary, unusual or nonrecurring cash gains (other than gains on Asset Sales or Permitted Asset Sales), to the
extent not otherwise included in calculating EBITDA; 

minus

(b) the sum, without duplication, of 

(i) the amount of any Taxes, including Taxes based on income, profits or capital, state, franchise, property and similar
Taxes, foreign withholding Taxes and foreign unreimbursed value added Taxes (to the extent added in calculating EBITDA), including penalties and interest related to any such Tax or arising from any Tax examination, and including pursuant to any Tax
sharing arrangement or as a result of any intercompany distribution, in each case, payable in cash by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (to the extent not otherwise deducted in calculating EBITDA), including payments made pursuant to any
tax sharing agreements or arrangements among the Borrower, its Restricted Subsidiaries and any direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower (so long as such tax sharing payments are attributable to the operations of the Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries); 

(ii) Consolidated Interest Expense, including costs of surety bonds in connection with
financing activities (to the extent included in Consolidated Interest Expense), to the extent payable in cash and not otherwise deducted in calculating EBITDA; 

30 

(iii) foreign currency translation losses payable in cash related to
currency re-measurements of indebtedness (including any net cash loss resulting from Hedge Agreements for currency risk), to the extent not otherwise deducted in calculating EBITDA; 

(iv) without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to (A) this clause (iv) or clause
(xviii) below in respect of a prior fiscal year or (B) Section 2.13(c)(ii)(B), Capital Expenditures of the Borrower and its subsidiaries made in cash prior to the date the Excess Cash Flow prepayment is required to be made
pursuant to Section 2.13(c), to the extent financed with Internally Generated Cash; 

(v) without
duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to Section 2.13(c)(ii)(A) or (B), prepayments and repayments of long-term Indebtedness (including (A) the principal component of Capitalized Lease Obligations, (B) the amount of
repayment of Loans pursuant to Section 2.11, any Receivables Facility and, to the extent made with the Net Cash Proceeds of a Prepayment Asset Sale that resulted in an increase to Consolidated Net Income and not in excess of the amount
of such increase, pursuant to Section 2.13(b), but excluding all other prepayments of the Loans and (C) the aggregate amount of any premium, make-whole or penalties paid in connection with any such repayments of Indebtedness), made
by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, but only to the extent that such repayments (x) by their terms cannot be reborrowed or redrawn and (y) are not financed with the proceeds of long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving
Indebtedness); 

(vi) the increase, if any, in Current Assets minus Current Liabilities from the beginning to
the end of such fiscal year, but excluding any such additions to working capital arising from the acquisition of any Person by the Borrower and/or the Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(vii) without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to (A) this clause (vii) or clause
(xviii) below in respect of a prior fiscal year or (B) Section 2.13(c)(ii)(A) or (B), the amount of Investments (other than Permitted Investments in (x) Cash Equivalents and Government Securities and
(y) the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) made by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, in cash, prior to the date the Excess Cash Flow prepayment is required to be made pursuant to Section 2.13(c) to the
extent such Investments were financed with Internally Generated Cash; 

(viii) letter of credit fees paid in cash, to
the extent not otherwise deducted in calculating EBITDA; 

(ix) extraordinary, unusual or nonrecurring cash charges,
to the extent not otherwise deducted in calculating EBITDA; 

(x) cash fees and expenses incurred in connection with
the Transactions, any Investment, any disposition, any recapitalization, any equity offering, the issuance of any Indebtedness or any exchange, refinancing or other early extinguishment of Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement (in each case,
whether or not consummated and whether or not permitted by this Agreement); 

(xi) cash charges added to EBITDA
pursuant to the definition thereof and/or excluded from the calculation of Consolidated Net Income pursuant to the definition thereof; 

(xii) [reserved]; 

(xiii) the amount of Restricted Payments made by the Borrower to the extent that such Restricted Payments were financed
with Internally Generated Cash; 

31 

(xiv) cash expenditures in respect of Hedging Obligations (including
net cash losses resulting in such period from Hedging Obligations and the application of ASC 815 and IAS 39 and their respective pronouncements and interpretations), to the extent not otherwise deducted in calculating EBITDA; 

(xv) to the extent added to Consolidated Net Income, cash losses from any sale or disposition outside the ordinary course
of business; 

(xvi) cash payments by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of long-term liabilities
(other than Indebtedness) of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(xvii) the aggregate amount of
expenditures actually made by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in cash (including expenditures for the payment of financing fees) to the extent that such expenditures are not expensed; and 

(xviii) without duplication of (A) amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow in respect of a prior fiscal year or
(B) Section 2.13(c)(ii)(A) or (B), the aggregate consideration required to be paid in cash by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts or other legal obligations (the Contract
Consideration) entered into prior to or during such fiscal year relating to Investments (other than Investments in (x) Cash Equivalents and Government Securities and (y) the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) and/or
Capital Expenditures to be consummated or made plus cash restructuring expenses to be incurred, in each case, during the period of 4 consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower following the end of such fiscal year; provided, that to
the extent the aggregate amount of Internally Generated Cash actually utilized to finance such Capital Expenditures or Investments during such period of 4 consecutive fiscal quarters is less than the Contract Consideration, the amount of such
shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow at the end of such period of 4 consecutive fiscal quarters; 

Excess Cash Flow Period shall mean (a) the first full fiscal year ending after the Effective Date and (b) each
fiscal year thereafter. 

Excess Permitted Refinancing Amounts shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the
definition of Refinancing Indebtedness. 

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. 

Excluded Contribution Amount shall mean an amount equal to the net cash proceeds, marketable securities or
Qualified Proceeds received by or contributed to the Borrower (other than Equity Cure Proceeds) from, 

(a) contributions to its common equity capital, and 

(b) the sale (other than to the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower or to any management equity plan or stock option
plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement of the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower) of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock and Designated Preferred Stock) of the Borrower, 

in each case, designated as an Excluded Contribution Amount pursuant to an Officers Certificate on the date such capital contributions are made or the
date such Capital Stock are sold, as the case may be, which are excluded from the calculation of the Restricted Payment Applicable Amount. 

32 

Excluded Subsidiary shall mean: 

(a) (i) any Foreign Subsidiary or (ii) (A) any subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and/or
(B) any subsidiary of any subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, 

(b) any Immaterial Subsidiary,

(c) any subsidiary that is prohibited by contractual obligations from guaranteeing the Obligations, 

(d) any Restricted Subsidiary acquired pursuant to a Permitted Investment or an acquisition permitted by
Section 6.03 financed with secured Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(b)(xi) (but only to the extent such Indebtedness is otherwise permitted to be secured under paragraph (t) of the
definition of Permitted Liens) or Section 6.01(b)(xviii) and each Restricted Subsidiary thereof that guarantees such Indebtedness; provided, that each such Restricted Subsidiary shall cease to be an Excluded Subsidiary under this
clause (d) if such secured Indebtedness is repaid or becomes unsecured or if such Restricted Subsidiary ceases to guarantee such secured Indebtedness, as applicable, 

(e) any subsidiary that is a special purpose entity formed for the sole purpose of holding Customer Funds in a fiduciary
capacity, 

(f) (i) any Receivables Subsidiary and/or (ii) any Unrestricted Subsidiary, 

(g) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes the sole asset of which are
Capital Stock of Foreign Subsidiaries, 

(h) Dayforce National Trust Bank, 

(i) any Restricted Subsidiary that (i) is prohibited or restricted from providing a guaranty of the Obligations by
any requirement of law or (ii) would require a governmental (including regulatory) or third party consent, approval, license or authorization (including any regulatory consent, approval, license or authorization) to provide a guaranty of the
Obligations (including under any financial assistance, corporate benefit, thin capitalization, capital maintenance, liquidity maintenance or similar legal principles), unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been obtained (it
being understood and agreed that neither the Borrower and/or any of their respective subsidiaries shall have any obligation to obtain (or seek to obtain) any such consent, approval, license or authorization), 

(j) any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary of a direct or indirect Foreign Subsidiary of the Borrower and 

(k) any other subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower
(as specified in writing by such Persons), the burden or cost or of providing a guarantee of the Obligations or a Lien to secure such guarantee shall outweigh the benefits to be afforded thereby. 

Excluded Taxes shall mean, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other recipient of
any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) Taxes imposed on (or measured by) its income (however denominated), branch profits Taxes and franchise (and similar) Taxes in each case (i) imposed on
it pursuant to the laws of the jurisdiction in which such recipient is organized or in which the principal office or, in the case of a Lender or Issuing Bank, its applicable lending office of such recipient is located (or any political subdivision
thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender or Issuing Bank, any withholding Tax that (i) is imposed on amounts payable 

33 

to such Lender or Issuing Bank with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to law in effect at the time such Lender or Issuing Bank becomes a party to this Agreement
(other than pursuant to an assignment requested by the Borrower under Section 2.22(a)) or designates a new lending office (other than pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 2.22(b)), except in each case to the extent
that, pursuant to Section 2.21, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders or Issuing Banks assignor immediately before such Lender or Issuing Bank became a party hereto or to such Lender or Issuing Bank
immediately before it changed its lending office or (ii) is attributable to such recipients failure to comply with Section 2.21(e) or (f), as applicable, and (c) any U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed pursuant to
FATCA. 

Excluded Term Loans shall mean, collectively, Other Term Loans and Incremental Term Loans that are junior in
right of payment and/or security to the
InitialFirst
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.26 and 2.27, as the case may be. 

Existing Credit Agreement shall mean the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2018, among the Borrower, the lenders
party thereto from time to time, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other agents and parties party thereto from time to time, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified and in effect on the Effective Date before giving effect to this Agreement. 

Existing Letters of Credit shall
mean any letter of credit previously issued that (a) will remain outstanding after the Effective Date and (b) is listed on Schedule 1.01(a). 

FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor
version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, whether in existence on the date hereof or promulgated thereafter, and any applicable
intergovernmental agreement or treaty with respect thereto and applicable official implementing guidance thereunder. 

FCPA shall mean the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

Federal Funds Effective Rate shall mean, for any day, the greater of (a) the rate calculated by the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York based on such days Federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next
succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the Federal funds effective rate; provided, if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be the
average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to the Administrative Agent on such day on such transactions as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and (b) 0%. 

Fees shall mean the Commitment Fees, the Administration Fee, the L/C Participation Fees and the Issuing Bank Fees. 

Financial Officer of any Person shall mean the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, any vice president,
principal accounting officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of such Person or any officer performing duties customarily associated with the foregoing offices. 

Financial Model shall mean the financial model and projections (or any supplement thereto) delivered to the Administrative
Agent by the Borrower on January 29, 2024 (as updated with any further updates thereto reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date). 

First
Amendment shall mean that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2025, among the Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto.

34 

First
Amendment Documentation Agent shall mean each of (i) BofA Securities, Inc. (or any of its affiliates designated to act in such capacity as a First Amendment Documentation Agent under the First Amendment), (ii) CIBC World
Markets Corp., (iii) Barclays Bank PLC, (iv) BMO Capital Markets Corp., (v) MUFG Bank, Ltd., (vi) PNC Capital Markets LLC, (vii) TD Securities USA LLC and (viii) Truist Securities, Inc., in each case, in its capacity as
a First Amendment Documentation Agent under the First Amendment.

First Amendment Effective Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the First Amendment.

First
Amendment Lead Arranger shall mean each of (i) JPMorgan, (ii) Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (together with Citibank, N.A., Citicorp USA, Inc., Citicorp North America, Inc. and/or any of their affiliates as any of them shall determine
to be appropriate to provide the services contemplated in the First Amendment) and (iii) Goldman Sachs Bank USA, in each case, in its capacity as a First Amendment Lead Arranger under the First Amendment.

First
Amendment Refinancing Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the First Amendment.

First
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the First Amendment.

First
Amendment Refinancing Term Loan Commitment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the First Amendment.

First Lien Intercreditor Agreement shall mean an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1
hereto, with (i) any immaterial changes (as determined in the Administrative Agents sole discretion) thereto as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may agree in their respective reasonable discretion and/or (ii) any material
changes thereto as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may agree in their respective reasonable discretion, which material changes are posted for review by the Lenders and deemed acceptable if the Required Lenders have not objected thereto
within five Business Days following the date on which such changes are posted for review. 

Fixed Amount shall have the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.11(e). 

Fixed Charges shall mean, with respect to any Person for
any period, the sum, without duplication, of: 

(a) Consolidated Interest Expense of such Person and Restricted
Subsidiaries for such period; plus

(b) all cash dividends or other distributions paid to any Person other
than such Person or any such Subsidiary (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series of Preferred Stock of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary during such period; plus

(c) all cash dividends or other distributions paid to any Person other than such Person or any such Subsidiary (excluding
items eliminated in consolidation) on any series of Disqualified Stock of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary during such period. 

Floor shall mean the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this
Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the applicable Benchmark. For the avoidance of doubt, the initial Floor for Adjusted Term SOFR shall be (a) with respect to the Initial Term Loans and the First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans, 0.00% per annum and
(b) with respect to the Initial Revolving Loans, 0.00% per annum. 

35 

Foreign Lender shall mean any Lender or Issuing Bank that is organized
under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is located, unless such Lender or Issuing Bank is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes owned by a non-disregarded U.S. entity. For purposes of this
definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 

Foreign Plan shall mean any pension plan, fund or other similar program (other than a government-sponsored plan) that
covers employees of any Loan Party and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries who are employed outside of the United States and either (i) is subject to any statutory funding requirement as to which the failure to satisfy such statutory funding
requirement results in a Lien or other statutory requirement permitting any governmental authority to accelerate the obligation of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to fund all or a substantial portion of the unfunded, accrued benefit
liabilities of such plan, or (ii) is or is intended to be a registered pension plan as such term is defined in the Income Tax Act (Canada). 

Foreign Subsidiary shall mean any subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 

Fund shall mean any Person (other than a natural Person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise
investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 

GAAP
shall mean United States generally accepted accounting principles. 

Government Securities shall mean securities that
are: 

(a) direct obligations of the United States of America for the timely payment of which its full faith and
credit is pledged; or 

(b) obligations of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or
instrumentality of the United States of America the timely payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the United States of America, which, in either case, are not callable or redeemable at the option of
the issuer thereof, and shall also include a depository receipt issued by a bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act), as custodian with respect to any such Government Securities or a specific payment of principal of or
interest on any such Government Securities held by such custodian for the account of the holder of such depository receipt; provided, that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount
payable to the holder of such depository receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the Government Securities or the specific payment of principal of or interest on the Government Securities evidenced by such depository receipt.

Governmental Authority shall mean the government of the United States of America or any other nation, any political
subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or
pertaining to government. 

Granting Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(i).

Guarantee and Collateral Agreement shall mean the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, substantially in the form of
Exhibit D, among the Loan Parties party thereto and the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties referred to therein. 

Guarantors shall mean the Subsidiary Guarantors. 

36 

Hazardous Materials shall mean any material, substance or waste
(i) classified, characterized or regulated as hazardous, toxic, pollutant or contaminant under any Environmental Laws and/or (ii) regulated under or which could result in liability under any
Environmental Law, including petroleum, petroleum products, petroleum by-products, petroleum breakdown products or any per-and polyfluoroalkyl substances. 

Hedge Agreement shall mean any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement,
commodity swap agreement, commodity cap agreement, commodity collar agreement, foreign exchange contract, currency swap agreement or similar agreement. 

Hedging Obligations shall mean, with respect to any Person, the obligations of such Person under any Hedge Agreement. 

IAS shall mean the International Accounting Standards promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Committee. 

Immaterial Subsidiary shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower from time to time for which (i) the assets
of such Restricted Subsidiary, together with the assets of any other Immaterial Subsidiary, constitute 5.0% or less than the Total Assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, and (ii) the consolidated revenue
of such Restricted Subsidiary, together with the revenue of any other Immaterial Subsidiary, accounts for less than 5.0% of the consolidated revenue of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, in each case determined as
of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period. 

Immediate Family Member means, with respect to any individual,
such individuals child, stepchild, grandchild or more remote descendant, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, domestic partner, former domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law and/or
daughter-in-law (including any adoptive relationship), any trust, partnership, legal Person or other bona fide estate-planning vehicle the only beneficiaries of which are any of the foregoing individuals, such individuals estate (or an
executor or administrator acting on its behalf), heirs or legatees or any private foundation or fund that is controlled by any of the foregoing individuals or any donor-advised fund of which any such individual is the donor. 

Incremental Amendment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.26(b). 

Incremental Equivalent Debt shall mean Permitted First Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt, Permitted Junior Priority
Incremental Equivalent Debt and Permitted Unsecured Incremental Equivalent Debt 

Incremental Facility Closing Date
shall mean the date on which any Incremental Amendment becomes effective in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. 

Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.26(a). 

Incremental Revolving Loans shall mean the revolving loans made pursuant to any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment of
a given Series. 

Incremental Term Facility shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.26(a).

Incremental Term Loan Lender shall mean a Lender with an outstanding Incremental Term Loan of a given Series. 

Incremental Term Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.26(a). 

37 

Incurrence-Based Amount shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 1.11(e). 

Indebtedness shall mean, with respect to any Person, without duplication: 

(a) any indebtedness (including principal and premium) of such Person, whether or not contingent: 

(i) in respect of borrowed money; 

(ii) evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments or letters of credit or bankers acceptances (or,
without duplication, reimbursement agreements in respect thereof); 

(iii) representing the balance deferred and
unpaid of the purchase price of any property (including Capitalized Lease Obligations), except (A) any such balance that constitutes a trade payable or similar obligation to a trade creditor, in each case accrued in the ordinary course of
business and (B) liabilities accrued in the ordinary course of business; or 

(iv) representing any Hedging
Obligations; if and to the extent that any of the foregoing Indebtedness (other than letters of credit, bankers acceptances and Hedging Obligations) would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such
Person prepared in accordance with GAAP; 

(b) to the extent not otherwise included, any obligation by such Person to
be liable for, or to pay, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise, on the obligations of the type referred to in clause (a) of a third Person (whether or not such items would appear upon the balance sheet of such obligor or guarantor), other
than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business; and 

(c) to the
extent not otherwise included, the obligations of the type referred to in clause (a) of a third Person secured by a Lien on any asset owned by such first Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such first Person; 

provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall exclude (i) Contingent Obligations incurred in the ordinary
course of business, (ii) obligations under or in respect of any Receivables Facility and (iii) obligations incurred in connection with the consummation of any transaction solely to the extent the proceeds thereof are and continue to be
held in an escrow, trust, collateral or similar account or arrangement (collectively, an Escrow) and are not otherwise made available to such Person. 

The amount of Indebtedness of any person under clause (c) above shall be deemed to equal the lesser of (x) the aggregate unpaid amount of
such Indebtedness secured by such Lien and (y) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such person in good faith. 

Indemnified Taxes shall mean Taxes other than Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes. 

Indemnitee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(b). 

Independent Financial Advisor shall mean an accounting, appraisal, investment banking firm or consultant to Persons engaged
in Similar Businesses of nationally recognized standing that is, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, qualified to perform the task for which it has been engaged. 

Information shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.16. 

38 

Initial Revolving Credit Commitments shall mean, with respect to each
Revolving Credit Lender, the amount of its initial Revolving Credit Commitment set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 2.01 under the caption Initial Revolving Credit Commitment, as the same may be (a) reduced
from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 or 2.22, (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04, (c) increased from time to time pursuant
to Section 2.26 or (d) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.27. The aggregate amount of the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments as of the Effective Date is $350,000,000. 

Initial Revolving Loans shall mean the Revolving Loans made by Revolving Credit Lenders pursuant to an Initial Revolving
Credit Commitment. 

Initial Term Lender shall mean, at any time, each Lender with an outstanding Initial Term Loan.

Initial Term Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01(a). The aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Initial Term Loans as of the First Amendment Effective Date after giving
effect to the use of the proceeds of the First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans is $0.

Initial Term Loan Commitment shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Initial Term
Loans hereunder as set forth on Schedule 2.01 under the heading Initial Term Loan Commitment. The aggregate amount of the Initial Term Loan Commitments as of the Effective Date is $650,000,000. 

Inside Maturity Amount shall mean: 

(a) the greater of $450,000,000 and 100% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period
minus

(b) without duplication, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness incurred in
reliance on the Inside Maturity Amount exception set forth in: 

(i) clause (ii) of the
proviso in the definition of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, 

(ii) clause (c) of
the definition of Permitted First Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt, 

(iii) clause (c) of
the definition of Permitted Junior Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt, 

(iv) clause (b) of
the definition of Permitted Unsecured Incremental Equivalent Debt, 

(v) clause (b) of the
definition of Refinancing Indebtedness, 

(vi) Section 2.26, and/or 

(vii) Section 9.08(e) 

that, in each case under this clause (b), (A) consists of debt for borrowed money of a Loan Party and (B) (1) has a maturity date that
is earlier than the Term Loan Maturity Date and/or (2) has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity that is shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then-existing tranche of Term Loans (without giving effect to any
prepayment thereof). 

39 

Intellectual Property Security Agreement shall mean an Intellectual
Property Security Agreement executed on or after the Effective Date substantially in the form of Exhibit F. 

Intercompany Subordination Agreement shall mean the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, substantially in the form
attached as Exhibit G. 

Intercreditor Agreement shall mean (a) with respect to any Indebtedness that is
secured on a pari passu basis with the
InitialFirst
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans, any First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, (b) with respect to any Indebtedness that is junior to the InitialFirst Amendment
Refinancing Term Loans in right of security, any Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement and/or (c) with respect to any Indebtedness, any other intercreditor or subordination agreement or
arrangement (which may take the form of a waterfall or similar provision), as applicable, the terms of which are (i) consistent with market terms (as determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in good faith) governing
arrangements for the sharing and/or subordination of liens and/or arrangements relating to the distribution of payments, as applicable, at the time the relevant intercreditor or subordination agreement or arrangement is proposed to be established in
light of the type of Indebtedness subject thereto and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent or (ii) reasonably acceptable to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which intercreditor or
subordination agreement or arrangement described in this clause (ii) is posted for review by the Lenders and deemed acceptable if the Required Lenders have not objected thereto within five Business Days following the date on which the
same is posted for review. 

Interest Payment Date shall mean (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (including
any Swingline Loan denominated in US Dollars) of any Class and any Canadian Prime Rate Loan (including any Swingline Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars) of any Class, the last day of each March, June, September and December (commencing with the
first such date to occur in the first full fiscal quarter to elapse after the Effective Date), (b) with respect to any SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or CORRA Loan of any Class, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan and, in the
case of a SOFR Borrowing, EURIBOR Borrowing or CORRA Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than 3 months duration, each day that would have been an Interest Payment Date had successive Interest Periods of 3 months duration been
applicable to such Borrowing and (c) with respect to any SONIA Loan, the last day of each calendar month and the Maturity Date. 

Interest Period shall mean, with respect to any SOFR Borrowing, EURIBOR Borrowing or CORRA Borrowing, the period commencing
on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day (or, if there is no numerically corresponding day, on the last day) in the calendar month that is 1, 3 or, other than in the case of any CORRA Borrowing, 6 months (or 12
months, if agreed to by all of the relevant Lenders, or less than 1 month (or less than 3 months, solely in the case of
the initial Borrowing of the First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans on the First Amendment Effective Date) if permitted by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) thereafter, as the
Borrower may elect; provided, that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in
the next succeeding calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no
numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) with respect to SOFR Borrowings, no tenor that has been removed
from this definition pursuant to Section 1.12(d) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or a request to continue or convert a Borrowing by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.10. For purposes hereof,
the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 

Internally Generated Cash shall mean any amount expended by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and not
representing the proceeds of any issuance of long-term Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Indebtedness under any revolving credit facility). 

40 

Investment Grade Rating shall mean a rating equal to or higher than Baa3
(or the equivalent) by Moodys and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P, or an equivalent rating by any other Rating Agency. 

Investment Grade Securities shall mean: 

(a) securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government or any agency or
instrumentality thereof (other than Cash Equivalents); 

(b) debt securities or debt instruments with an Investment
Grade Rating, but excluding any debt securities or instruments constituting loans or advances among the Borrower and its subsidiaries; 

(c) investments in any fund that invests exclusively in investments of the type described in clauses (a) and
(b) above which fund may also hold immaterial amounts of cash pending investment or distribution; and 

(d)
corresponding instruments in countries other than the United States customarily utilized for high quality investments. 

Investments shall mean, with respect to any Person, all investments by such Person in other Persons (including Affiliates)
in the form of loans, guarantees of Indebtedness, capital contributions (excluding accounts receivable, trade credit, advances to customers, commission, travel, and similar advances to directors, officers, members of management, employees or
consultants, in each case made in the ordinary course of business), or purchases or other acquisitions, in each case, for consideration of Indebtedness or Capital Stock. The amount of any Investment shall be deemed to be the amount originally
invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in value or any write-downs or write-offs thereof but giving effect to any payments of interest or repayments of principal in the case of Investments in the form of loans and any
return of capital or return on Investment in the case of equity Investments (whether as a distribution, dividend, redemption sale or otherwise but not in excess of the amount of the initial Investment). For purposes of the definition of
Unrestricted Subsidiary and Section 6.03: 

(a) Investments shall include the
portion (proportionate to the Borrowers direct or indirect Capital Stock in such subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets of a subsidiary of the Borrower at the time that such subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary;
provided, however, that upon a redesignation of such subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Borrower or applicable Restricted Subsidiary shall be deemed to continue to have an Investment in an Unrestricted Subsidiary in
an amount (if positive) equal to: 

(i) the Borrowers direct or indirect Investment in such
subsidiary at the time of such redesignation; less 

(ii) the portion (proportionate to the Borrowers direct or
indirect Capital Stock in such subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets of such Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation; and 

(b) any property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be valued at its fair market value at the time
of such transfer, 

in each case as determined in good faith by the Borrower. 

IP Separation Transaction shall mean (a) any disposition by any Loan Party of any Material Intellectual Property to
any Unrestricted Subsidiary and/or (b) any Investment by any Loan Party in the form of a contribution of Material Intellectual Property to any Unrestricted Subsidiary, in each case, which Material

41 

Intellectual Property is, following the consummation of such Disposition or Investment, licensed by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary from the recipient of such Material Intellectual
Property for use by the Borrower and/or such Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business. 

IPO shall mean
the initial public offering by the Borrower of its shares of common stock pursuant to an effective Registration Statement on Form S-1. 

IRS shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(e). 

ISDA CDS Definitions shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.08(i)(ii). 

Issuing Bank shall mean as the context may require, (a) JPMorgan, acting through any of its Affiliates or branches in
their capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, (b) any other Person that may become a Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.25(i) or 2.25(k), with respect to Letters of Credit issued at the time such Person was a
Lender and (c) solely with respect to any Existing Letter of Credit (and any amendment, renewal or extension thereof in accordance with this Agreement), the Lender or Affiliate of a Lender that issued such Existing Letter of Credit. Each
Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates or branches, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate or branch with respect to Letters of Credit
issued by such Affiliate or branch. 

Issuing Bank Fees shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.05(c). 

JPMorgan shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereto. 

Judgment Currency shall have the meaning provided in Section 9.21(a). 

Judgment Currency Conversion Date shall have the meaning provided in Section 9.21(a). 

Junior Lien Financing shall mean (i) any Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt, (ii) any Permitted Junior
Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt, (iii) any other Junior Lien Obligations and (iv) any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any of the foregoing Indebtedness described in this definition that is Secured Indebtedness, which, in the
case of each of clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), is Material Indebtedness. 

Junior Lien
Financing Documentation shall mean any indenture and/or other agreement pertaining to Junior Lien Financing and all documentation delivered pursuant thereto. 

Junior Lien Obligations shall mean all obligations with respect to any Indebtedness incurred in compliance with
Section 6.01 (which may constitute Subordinated Indebtedness), which Indebtedness and other obligations are secured on a junior basis with the Obligations pursuant to the terms of an applicable Intercreditor Agreement. 

L/C Backstop shall mean, in respect of any Letter of Credit, (a) a letter of credit delivered to an Issuing Bank which
may be drawn by such Issuing Bank to satisfy any obligations of the Borrower in respect of such Letter of Credit or (b) cash or Cash Equivalents deposited with an Issuing Bank to satisfy any obligation of the Borrower in respect of such Letter
of Credit, in each case, on terms and pursuant to arrangements (including, if applicable, any appropriate reimbursement agreement) reasonably satisfactory to the respective Issuing Bank. 

L/C Commitment shall mean the commitment of an Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit pursuant to
Section 2.25; provided, that with respect to any Issuing Bank, to the extent the Borrower obtains Other Revolving Credit Commitments or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments for which such Issuing Bank does not have a
commitment or does not otherwise consent in writing thereto, then the L/C Commitment of such Issuing Bank shall terminate on the later to occur of the termination of the Class of Revolving Credit Commitments under which such Issuing Bank has agreed
to act as Issuing Bank or the date to which such Issuing Bank has otherwise consented in writing. 

42 

L/C Disbursement shall mean a payment or disbursement made by an Issuing
Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 

L/C Exposure shall mean, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate Stated
Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time and (b) the aggregate Principal Amount of all L/C Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed at such time. The L/C Exposure of any Revolving Credit Lender at any time shall equal its
Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate L/C Exposure at such time. 

L/C Participation Fee shall have the meaning assigned
to such term in Section 2.05(c). 

Latest Maturity Date shall mean, at any date of determination, the latest
Maturity Date applicable to any Loan or Commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity date of any Other Term Loan, any Other Term Loan Commitment, any Other Revolving Credit Commitment, any Incremental Term Loans or any
Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment, in each case as extended in accordance with this Agreement from time to time. 

Lenders shall mean (a) the Persons listed in the Register as such as of the Effective Date (other than any such Person
that has ceased to be a party hereto pursuant to an (i) Assignment and Acceptance, (ii) the operation of Section 2.22(a) or (iii) the operation of Section 2.27) and (b) any Person that has become a party
hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, an Incremental Amendment or a Refinancing Amendment. Unless the context indicates otherwise, the term Lenders shall include each Swingline Lender. 

Letter of Credit shall mean any letter of credit issued for the account of the Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.25 and any Existing Letter of Credit. 

Letter of Credit Application shall have the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 2.25(b). 

Letter of Credit Expiration Date shall have the meaning assigned
to such term in Section 2.25(c). 

Lien shall mean, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien (statutory
or otherwise), pledge, hypothecation, charge, security interest, preference, priority or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected under applicable law, including any conditional sale or
other title retention agreement, any option or other agreement to give a security interest therein, any lease giving rise to a Capitalized Lease Obligations and having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing and any filing of
or agreement to give any financing statement under the UCC (or equivalent statutes) of any jurisdiction, in each case, in the nature of security; provided, that in no event shall an operating lease be deemed to constitute a Lien. 

Limited Condition Acquisition shall mean any permitted Investment that constitutes an acquisition (other than an
intercompany Investment) by the Borrower or one or more of the Restricted Subsidiaries whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing. 

Loan Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Security Documents, the First Amendment, and on and after the execution thereof, any
Intercreditor Agreement and the promissory notes, if any, executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.04(e). 

Loan Parties shall mean the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors. 

Loans shall mean the Revolving Loans, the Term Loans and the Swingline Loans. 

43 

Management Investors shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the
definition of Permitted Investors. 

Margin Stock shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation
U. 

Market Capitalization shall mean, at the relevant date of determination, the amount, determined by the Borrower in
good faith, equal to (a) the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common Capital Stock of the Borrower (or its applicable parent company) multiplied by (b) the arithmetic mean of the closing prices per share of such common
Capital Stock on the principal securities exchange on which such common Capital Stock is traded for the 30 consecutive trading days immediately preceding such date. 

Material Adverse Effect shall (a) a material adverse effect on the ability of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to
perform their respective payment obligations under the Loan Documents or (b) a material adverse effect on the rights and remedies (taken as a whole) of the Agents under the Loan Documents. 

Material Debt Documentation shall mean any documentation governing any Junior Lien Financing, any Permitted First Priority
Incremental Equivalent Debt, any Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, any Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt, any Subordinated Financing or any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any of the foregoing Indebtedness, in each case to the
extent the applicable Indebtedness constitutes Material Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. 

Material
Indebtedness shall mean Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or Hedging Obligations, of any one or more of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case in an aggregate principal amount greater than or
equal to the Threshold Amount. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of any Hedging Obligation at any time shall be
the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary would be required to pay if the relevant hedging agreement were terminated at such time. 

Material Intellectual Property shall mean any intellectual property owned by any Loan Party that is, in the good faith
determination of the Borrower, material to the ongoing operation of the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

Material Real Estate Asset means any fee-owned real estate asset located in the U.S., any state thereof or the
District of Columbia that is acquired by any Loan Party after the Closing Date having a fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith after taking into account any liabilities with respect thereto that impact such fair market value)
in excess of $25,000,000 as of the date of acquisition thereof. 

Maturity Date shall mean (a) with
respect to the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class and the Revolving Credit Exposure thereunder, the Revolving Credit Maturity Date for such Class of such Revolving Credit Commitments and related Revolving Credit Exposure and (b) with
respect to the Term Loans of any Class, the Term Loan Maturity Date for such Class of such Term Loans. 

Maximum Incremental
Amount shall mean an amount equal to: 

(a) (i) (A) the greater of (1) $450,000,000 and
(2) 100% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period plus (B) any unused amount available under Section 6.01(b)(xi)(B) less (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all Credit Increases and
Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred or issued in reliance on this paragraph (a); plus

(b) in the case
of any Credit Increase that effectively extends the Maturity Date with respect to any Class of Loans and/or commitments hereunder, an amount equal to the portion of the relevant Class of Loans or commitments that will be replaced by such Credit
Increase; plus

44 

(c) in the case of any Credit Increase that effectively replaces any
Revolving Credit Commitment or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment terminated in accordance with Section 2.22, an amount equal to the relevant terminated Revolving Credit Commitment or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment; plus

(d) the amount of any optional prepayment of any Loan in accordance with Section 2.12 and/or the amount
of any permanent reduction of any Revolving Credit Commitment or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment or the amount paid in Cash in respect of any reduction in the outstanding amount of any Term Loan resulting from any assignment of such Term
Loan to (or purchase of such Term Loan by) the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary so long as, in the case of any optional prepayment or purchase, such prepayment was not funded with the proceeds of any long-term Indebtedness (other than
revolving Indebtedness); plus

(e) up to an additional amount of Incremental Term Loans, Revolving Commitment
Increases, Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, Permitted First Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt and/or Permitted Junior Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt and/or Permitted Unsecured Incremental Equivalent Debt (or, in any case,
commitments therefor), so long as, in the case of this paragraph (e) only: 

(i) if such Indebtedness is
secured by Liens on the Collateral that rank pari passu with the Liens on the Collateral securing the InitialFirst Amendment Refinancing Term Loans, the Consolidated First Lien
Leverage Ratio (determined without netting the cash proceeds of any such Indebtedness being so incurred for the purposes of such calculation) is no more than the greater of (A) 5.00:1.00 and (B) the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio
as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, determined after giving effect to any such incurrence or issuance on a Pro Forma Basis (and, in each case, with respect to any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment, assuming a
borrowing of the maximum amount of Loans available thereunder); 

(ii) if such Indebtedness is secured by Liens
on the Collateral that rank junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the InitialFirst Amendment Refinancing Term Loans and the Consolidated Secured
Leverage Ratio (determined without netting the cash proceeds of any such Indebtedness being so incurred for the purposes of such calculation) is no more than the greater of (A) 5.75:1.00 and (B) the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio as
of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, determined after giving effect to any such incurrence or issuance on a Pro Forma Basis; or 

(iii) if such Indebtedness is unsecured, at the election of the Borrower, either (A) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio
(determined without netting the cash proceeds of any such Indebtedness being so incurred for the purposes of such calculation) is no more than the greater of (I) 6.00:1.00 and (II) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most
recently ended Test Period, determined after giving effect to any such incurrence or issuance on a Pro Forma Basis or (B) the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio (determined without netting the cash proceeds of any such Indebtedness
being so incurred for the purposes of such calculation) is greater than or equal to the lesser of (I) 2.00:1.00 and (II) the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, determined after giving
effect to any such incurrence or issuance on a Pro Forma Basis; 

provided, that: 

(i) any Credit Increase and/or Incremental Equivalent Debt may be incurred under one or more of clauses
(a) through (e) of this definition as selected by the Borrower in its sole discretion, 

45 

(ii) if any Credit Increase and/or Incremental Equivalent Debt is
intended to be incurred or implemented in reliance on clause (e) of this definition and any other clause of this definition in a single transaction or series of related transaction, (A) the permissibility of the portion of such
Credit Increase and/or Incremental Equivalent Debt to be incurred or implemented under clause (e) of this definition shall be calculated first without giving effect to any Credit Increase and/or Incremental Equivalent Debt to be incurred
or implemented in reliance on any other clause of this definition, but giving full pro forma effect to any increase in the amount of EBITDA resulting from the application of the entire amount of such Credit Increase and/or Incremental
Equivalent Debt and the related transactions, and (B) the permissibility of the portion of such Credit Increase and/or Incremental Equivalent Debt to be incurred or implemented under the other applicable clauses of this definition shall be
calculated thereafter, and 

(iii) any portion of any Credit Increase and/or Incremental Equivalent Debt that is
incurred or implemented in reliance on clauses (a) through (d) of this definition will, unless the Borrower otherwise elects, automatically be reclassified as having been incurred under clause (e) of this
definition if, at any time after the incurrence thereof, when financial statements required pursuant to Section 5.04(a) or (b) are delivered or, if earlier, become internally available (it being understood that the period of
four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on the last day of the fourth fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year may, at the election of the Borrower, give rise to any such reclassification if the financial information necessary to calculate the relevant
ratio, metric or test for the fourth fiscal quarter of such Fiscal Year is internally available), the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Leverage Ratio or Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio
test, as applicable, is lower (in the case of any leverage ratio test) or higher (in the case of any Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio test), as applicable, than the relevant level set forth in clause (e) of this definition; it being
understood and agreed that once such Credit Increase and/or Incremental Equivalent Debt is reclassified in accordance with the preceding sentence, it shall not further be reclassified as having been incurred under the provision of this definition in
reliance on which such Credit Increase and/or Incremental Equivalent Debt was originally incurred. 

Maximum Rate shall
have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.09. 

MFN Indebtedness shall mean any Incremental Term
Loan that is: 

(a) pari passu with the
InitialFirst
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans in right of payment and with respect to security, 

(b) a broadly syndicated, floating rate term loan, 

(c) originally incurred in reliance on clause (e) of the definition of Maximum Incremental Amount
(and not by virtue of any re-classification permitted hereby), 

(d) scheduled to mature prior to the date that is 12
months after the Term Loan Maturity Date for the
InitialFirst
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans, 

(e) incurred prior to
the date that is 180 days after the Effective Date; 

provided, that the following shall not constitute MFN
Indebtedness: 

(i) Customary Bridge Loans, 

(ii) Customary Term A Loans, 

46 

(iii) Indebtedness incurred or implemented in connection with
(A) any acquisition or similar Investment and/or (B) any refinancing of any other Indebtedness; and/or 

(iv) any Indebtedness that would otherwise constitute MFN Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal
amount not to exceed the greater of $450,000,000 and 100% of EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period. 

MFN
Provision shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.26(a)(iii)(D). 

Minimum Applicable
Borrowing Amount shall mean (a) in the case of any Borrowing or optional prepayment of US Dollar-Denominated Loans (other than Swingline Loans), $1,000,000 or a multiple of $250,000 in excess thereof, (b) in the case of any
Borrowing or optional prepayment of Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars (other than Swingline Loans), CDN$500,000 or a multiple of CDN$100,000 in excess thereof, (c) in the case of any Borrowing or optional prepayment of Loans denominated in
Euros, 250,000 or a multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof, (d) in the case of any Borrowing or optional prepayment of Loans denominated in Sterling, 250,000 or a multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof, (e) in the
case of any Borrowing of Swingline Loans denominated in US Dollars, $250,000 or a multiple of $250,000 in excess thereof and (f) in the case of any Borrowing of Swingline Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, CDN$250,000 or a multiple of
CDN$250,000 in excess thereof. 

Moodys shall mean Moodys Investors Service, Inc., or any successor thereto.

Mortgaged Property shall mean each parcel of fee-owned real property and improvements thereto with respect to which a
Mortgage is granted pursuant to Section 5.09 to secure the relevant Secured Obligations. 

Mortgages shall
mean the mortgages, deeds of trust and other security documents granting a Lien on any fee-owned real property or interest therein to secure the Secured Obligations, each in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Borrower.

Multiemployer Plan shall mean a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA under which the
Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has any obligation or liability (contingent or otherwise). 

Net Cash Proceeds shall mean: 

(a) with respect to any Asset Sale, the proceeds thereof in the form of Cash Equivalents (including any such proceeds
subsequently received (as and when received) in respect of deferred payments or noncash consideration initially received, net of any costs relating to the disposition thereof), net of: 

(i) out-of-pocket expenses incurred (including reasonable and customary brokers fees or commissions, investment
banking, consultant, legal, accounting or similar fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges and transfer, deed, recording and similar taxes incurred by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in
connection therewith), and the Borrowers good faith estimate of Taxes paid or payable (including payments under any tax sharing agreement or arrangement of the type described in paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of Excess Cash Flow),
in connection with such Asset Sale; it being understood and agreed that the reduction in the amount of any net operating loss resulting from any Asset Sale shall be deemed to constitute an income Tax paid or payable for purposes of this
clause (i), 

47 

(ii) amounts provided as a reserve, in accordance with GAAP, against
any (x) liabilities under any indemnification obligations or purchase price adjustment associated with such Asset Sale and (y) other liabilities associated with the asset disposed of and retained by the Borrower or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries after such disposition, including pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters (provided, that to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such
reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds), 

(iii) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any,
interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness or other obligation which is secured by a Lien on the asset sold and which is repaid (other than any Pari Passu Lien Obligation and/or any Junior Lien Obligation), and 

(b) with respect to any incurrence of Indebtedness, the cash proceeds thereof, net of all Taxes (including, in the case
of such Indebtedness incurred by a Foreign Subsidiary, Taxes payable upon the repatriation of any such proceeds) and customary fees, commissions, costs and other expenses incurred by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection
therewith. 

Net Income shall mean, with respect to any Person, the consolidated net income (loss) of such Person,
determined in accordance with GAAP and before any reduction in respect of Preferred Stock dividends. 

Net Short Lender
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.08(i)(i). 

New Contract shall have the meaning
assigned to such term in the definition of EBITDA. 

New Pricing or Volume shall have the meaning assigned
to such term in the definition of EBITDA. 

Non-Consenting Lenders shall have the meaning assigned to such
term in Section 2.22. 

Non-Debt Fund Affiliate shall mean any Affiliate of the Borrower other than any Debt
Fund Affiliate or the Borrower and its subsidiaries. 

Non-Loan Party Debt Cap shall mean the greater of $540,000,000
and 120% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period minus, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower
that is not a Restricted Guarantor outstanding in reliance on Section 6.01(a) and sub-clause (x) of the lead-in to Section 6.01(b)(xiii); provided that in no event shall any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock
or Preferred Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Restricted Guarantor (i) existing at the time it became a Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) assumed in connection with any acquisition, merger, amalgamation or acquisition of
minority interests of a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary (and in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), not created in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary or such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or acquisition of
minority interests) be deemed to be Indebtedness outstanding under the Non-Loan Party Debt Cap. 

Non-Defaulting Revolving
Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.27(m). 

Notice of Intent to Cure
shall mean a notice from the Borrower of its intent to exercise the Cure Right. 

NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the
greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of
such rates are published for any day that is a 

48 

Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such day to the Administrative Agent from a Federal funds
broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Obligation Currency shall have the meaning provided in Section 9.21(a). 

Obligations shall mean the unpaid principal of and interest on the Loans and all other obligations and liabilities of the
Borrower or any other Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with, this
Agreement, any other Loan Document and the Letters of Credit and whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses (including all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative
Agent or any Lender that are required to be paid pursuant hereto or any other Loan Document and including interest accruing after the maturity of the Loans and L/C Disbursements and interest accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy,
or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to a Loan Party, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding) or otherwise. 

Officer shall mean the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Executive Vice President,
Senior Vice President or Vice President, the Treasurer or the Secretary of the Borrower. 

Officers Certificate
shall mean a certificate signed on behalf of the Borrower by an Officer of the Borrower (who must be the principal executive officer, the principal financial officer, the treasurer or the principal accounting officer of the Borrower), that meets the
requirements set forth in this Agreement. 

Original Closing Date shall mean November 9, 2007. 

Other Applicable Indebtedness shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.13(c). 

Other Connection Taxes shall mean, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other
recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections
arising solely from such recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any
Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 

Other Revolving Credit Commitment shall
mean, with respect to each Lender, the revolving credit commitment of such Lender hereunder to make loans (and acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans) hereunder as provided in a Refinancing Amendment or in the Assignment and
Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender assumed its Other Revolving Credit Commitment, as applicable, as the same may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09, 2.22(a) or 2.27, (b) reduced or
increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04, (c) increased pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment or (d) increased pursuant to a Revolving Commitment Increase. 

Other Revolving Loans shall mean the revolving loans made pursuant to any Other Revolving Credit Commitment of a given
Series. 

Other Taxes shall mean any and all present or future stamp or documentary taxes arising from the execution,
delivery or enforcement of any Loan Document. 

49 

Other Term Loan Commitments shall mean one or more Series of term loan
commitments hereunder to make Other Term Loans that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 

Other Term Loan Lender shall
mean a Lender with an outstanding Other Term Loan of a given Series or with an Other Term Loan Commitment of a given Series. 

Other Term Loans shall mean one or more Series of Term Loans that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 

Overnight Rate shall mean, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of
(i) the Federal Funds Effective Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation,
(b) with respect to any amount denominated in any Alternate Currency (other than Sterling), the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in such Alternate Currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with
respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by a branch or Affiliate of the Administrative Agent in the applicable offshore interbank market for such Alternate Currency to major banks in such interbank market and
(c) with respect to any amount denominated in Sterling, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of
international banking transactions. 

Parent shall mean a Person formed for the purpose of owning all or a portion of
the Capital Stock, directly or indirectly, of the Borrower. 

Pari Passu Lien Obligations shall mean any Indebtedness
that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien on such Collateral securing all or a portion of the Obligations. 

Participant Register shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(f). 

Participating Member State shall mean any member state of the European Community that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its
lawful currency in accordance with the legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 

Payment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Article VIII. 

Payment Notice shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Article VIII. 

Payment Office shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.20 and shall include any other office designated in
writing by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and the Lenders. 

PBGC shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA. 

Pension Event shall mean (a) the whole or partial withdrawal of a
Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary from a Foreign Plan during a Foreign Plan year, (b) the filing or a notice of interest to terminate in whole or in part a Foreign Plan or the treatment of a Foreign Plan amendment as a termination or
partial termination, (c) the institution of proceedings by any Governmental Authority to terminate in whole or in part or have a trustee appointed to administer a Foreign Plan, (d) any other event or condition which might constitute
grounds for the termination of, winding up or partial termination or winding up or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Foreign Plan, (e) the failure to satisfy any statutory funding requirement, (f) the adoption of any
amendment to a Foreign Plan that would require the provision of security pursuant to applicable law or (g) any other extraordinary event or condition with respect to a Foreign Plan which, with respect to each of the foregoing clauses, could
reasonably be expected to result in (i) a Lien, (ii) any acceleration of any statutory requirement to fund all or a substantial portion of the unfunded accrued benefit liabilities of such plan or (iii) a requirement to remit an amount
to any Foreign Plan. 

50 

Pension Plan shall mean any employee pension benefit plan as
defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan or Foreign Plan) that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and/or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by any Loan Party or any
ERISA Affiliate or to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has any obligation or liability (contingent or otherwise). 

Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Term
CORRA. 

Permitted Asset Sale shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Asset
Sale. 

Permitted Asset Swap shall mean the concurrent purchase and sale or exchange of Related Business Assets or
a combination of Related Business Assets and cash or Cash Equivalents between the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and another Person. 

Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction shall mean any call or capped call option (or substantively equivalent derivative
transaction) with respect to the Borrowers (or any parent companys) common equity that is purchased by the Borrower (or any parent company) in connection with the issuance of any Convertible Indebtedness; provided, that the
purchase price for such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, less the proceeds received by the Borrower (or such parent company) from the sale of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction, does not exceed the net proceeds received by the Borrower (or
such parent company) from the Convertible Indebtedness issued in connection with such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction. 

Permitted First Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt shall mean Secured Indebtedness issued or incurred by the Borrower in
the form of one or more series of loans or notes (or commitments therefor) secured by Liens on the Collateral that rank pari passu with the Liens on the Collateral securing all or a portion of the Obligations (other than Obligations arising
from Credit Increases or Other Term Loans that are junior in right of security to the then outstanding InitialFirst Amendment Refinancing Term Loans); provided, that:

(a) such Indebtedness (i) is secured by all or a portion of the Collateral securing the Secured
Obligations of the Borrower and the applicable Subsidiary Guarantors on a pari passu basis to such Secured Obligations and the obligations in respect of any Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt and (ii) is not secured by any property or
assets of the Borrower or any subsidiary other than such Collateral, 

(b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount
of all Permitted First Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt, together with the aggregate outstanding principal amount (or committed amount, if applicable) of all Incremental Term Loans, Revolving Commitment Increases and Incremental Revolving Credit
Commitments provided pursuant to Section 2.26, and all other Incremental Equivalent Debt, shall not exceed the Maximum Incremental Amount, 

(c) other than with respect to the Inside Maturity Amount, Customary Bridge Loans, Customary Term A Loans or revolving
Indebtedness, such Indebtedness does not (I) mature prior to the Latest Maturity Date applicable to the Term Loans at the time such Permitted First Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt is issued or incurred or (II) have a Weighted Average Life
to Maturity shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any outstanding Class of Term Loans, 

(d) [reserved], 

51 

(e) such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by any Person other than any
Loan Party, 

(f) [reserved], 

(g) the Effective Yield (and the components thereof) applicable to any such Indebtedness shall be determined by the
Borrower and the lender or lenders providing such Indebtedness, and 

(h) a Senior Representative acting on behalf of
the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to an applicable Intercreditor Agreement. 

Permitted
First Priority Refinancing Debt shall mean any Secured Indebtedness issued or incurred by the Borrower in the form of one or more series of loans or notes; provided, that: 

(a) such Indebtedness (i) is secured by the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations of the Borrower and the
applicable Subsidiary Guarantors on a pari passu basis (but without regard to the control of remedies) with such Secured Obligations and (ii) is not secured by any property or assets of the Borrower or any subsidiary other than such Collateral,

(b) such Indebtedness constitutes Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any Class of Loans and/or
Commitments (including portions of Classes of Loans and/or Commitments), 

(c) [reserved], 

(d) [reserved], 

(e) such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by any Person other than any Loan Party, 

(f) except as otherwise permitted herein (including with respect to margin, MFN protection, pricing, maturity, call
protection and fees), the representations and warranty, covenant and default terms of such Indebtedness, if not substantially consistent with those applicable to any then-existing Term Loans, must be, taken as a whole, not materially more favorable
(as determined by the Borrower in good faith at the time the documentation for such Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt is finalized) to the lenders or investors providing such Indebtedness than the corresponding terms of the Loan Documents or
otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being agreed that any terms contained in such Indebtedness (i) which are applicable only after the then-existing Latest Maturity Date applicable to the Term Loans,
(ii) which are covenants or other provisions that are consistent with then-current market terms for the applicable type of Indebtedness (as determined by the Borrower in good faith at the time the documentation for such Permitted First Priority
Refinancing Debt is finalized) including any financial maintenance covenant applicable to any Customary Term A Loan (which shall constitute a then-current market term for Customary Term A Loans) or (iii) that are more favorable to
the lenders or the agent of such Indebtedness than the corresponding terms of the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Term Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, pursuant to an
amendment to this Agreement effectuated in reliance on Section 9.08(c)(ii) shall be deemed satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), 

(g) the Effective Yield (and the components thereof) applicable to any such Indebtedness shall be determined by the
Borrower and the lender or lenders providing such Indebtedness, and 

(h) a Senior Representative acting on behalf of
the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to an applicable Intercreditor Agreement. 

52 

Permitted Investments shall mean: 

(a) any Investment by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the Borrower or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries; 

(b) any Investment in cash and Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities or securities
constituting Customer Funds; 

(c) any Investment by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a Person
that is engaged in a Similar Business if as a result of such Investment: 

(i) such Person becomes a Restricted
Subsidiary; or 

(ii) such Person, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, is merged, amalgamated or
consolidated with or into, or transfers or conveys substantially all of its assets to, or is liquidated into, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, 

and, in each case, any Investment held by such Person; provided, that such Investment was not acquired by such Person in contemplation of such
acquisition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or transfer; 

(d) any Investment in securities or other assets not
constituting cash, Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities and received in connection with an Asset Sale made pursuant to Section 6.05 or any other disposition of assets not constituting an Asset Sale; 

(e) any Investment existing on the Effective Date or made pursuant to binding commitments in effect on the Effective
Date, or an Investment consisting of any extension, modification or renewal of any Investment existing on the Effective Date; provided, that the amount of any such Investment may be increased (i) as required by the terms of such
Investment as in existence on the Effective Date or (ii) as otherwise permitted under this Agreement; 

(f) any
Investment acquired by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries: 

(i) in exchange for any other Investment
or accounts receivable held by the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with or as a result of a bankruptcy, workout, reorganization or recapitalization of the issuer of such other Investment or accounts receivable; or 

(ii) as a result of a foreclosure by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any secured
Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment in default; 

(g) Hedging Obligations
permitted under Section 6.01(b)(ix); 

(h) any Investment in a Similar Business having an aggregate fair
market value, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (h) that are at that time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of $540,000,000 and 120.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently
ended Test Period; 

(i) Investments to the extent the payment for which consists of Capital Stock (exclusive of
Disqualified Stock and those issued in exchange for Equity Cure Proceeds) of the Borrower or any of its direct or indirect parent companies; provided, however, that such Capital Stock will not increase the Restricted Payment Applicable
Amount; 

53 

(j) Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 and
Permitted Liens constituting Investments; 

(k) any transaction to the extent it constitutes an Investment that is
permitted and made in accordance with Section 5.13 (except transactions described in clauses (c)(ix) and (xiii) thereof); 

(l) Investments consisting of purchases and acquisitions of inventory, supplies, material or equipment; 

(m) additional Investments having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant
to this clause (m) that are at the time outstanding not to exceed the greater of $405,000,000 and 90.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period; 

(n) Investments relating to a Receivables Subsidiary that, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, are necessary
or advisable to effect any Receivables Facility; 

(o) advances to, or guarantees of Indebtedness of, directors,
officers, employees, members of management and consultants not in excess of the greater of $30,000,000 and 6.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period outstanding at any one time, in the aggregate; 

(p) loans and advances to directors, officers, employees, members of management and consultants, in each case incurred in
the ordinary course of business or to fund such Persons purchase of Capital Stock of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent company thereof; 

(q) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of endorsements for collection or deposit; 

(r) Investments in joint ventures in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of $170,000,000 and 37.5% of EBITDA of
the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period outstanding at any one time, in the aggregate; 

(s) loans and advances to customers, suppliers and distributors in the ordinary course of business; 

(t) any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction; 

(u) Investments by a Loan Party in any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party which consists solely of
contributions or other dispositions of Capital Stock in any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party; and 

(v) any Investments made by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties to the extent such Investments are made
with the proceeds of a Permitted Investment or Investment made pursuant to Section 6.03 (other than any Investment made pursuant to clause (a) of the definition of Permitted Investment) in such Restricted
Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of the Agreement. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the definition of Permitted
Investment shall not permit an IP Separation Transaction. 

Permitted Investors shall mean the members of
management of any Parent, the Borrower and its subsidiaries who are investors, directly or indirectly, in the Borrower and their respective controlled Affiliates and Immediate Family Members and the controlled Affiliates of their respective
Immediate Family Members (collectively, the Management Investors). 

54 

Permitted Junior Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt shall mean Secured
Indebtedness issued or incurred by the Borrower in the form of one or more series of second lien or other junior lien notes or loans; provided, that 

(a) such Indebtedness (i) is secured by all or a portion of the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations of the
Borrower and the applicable Subsidiary Guarantors on a second lien or other junior lien basis to such Secured Obligations and any other Pari Passu Lien Obligations and (ii) is not secured by any property or assets of the Borrower or any
subsidiary other than such Collateral, 

(b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Permitted Junior
Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt, together with the aggregate outstanding principal amount (or committed amount, if applicable) of all Incremental Term Loans, Revolving Commitment Increases and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments provided
pursuant to Section 2.26, and all Permitted First Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt and Permitted Unsecured Incremental Equivalent Debt, shall not exceed the Maximum Incremental Amount, 

(c) other than with respect to the Inside Maturity Amount, Customary Term A Loans or Customary Bridge Loans or revolving
Indebtedness, does not (I) mature prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date applicable to the Term Loans at the time such Permitted Junior Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt is issued or incurred or (II) have a Weighted
Average Life to Maturity shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any outstanding Class of Term Loans, 

(d) [reserved], 

(e) such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by any Person other than any Loan Party, 

(f) [reserved], 

(g) the Effective Yield (and the components thereof) applicable to any such Indebtedness shall be determined by the
Borrower and the lender or lenders providing such Indebtedness and 

(h) a Senior Representative acting on behalf of
the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to an applicable Intercreditor Agreement. 

Permitted Liens
shall mean, with respect to any Person: 

(a) pledges or deposits by such Person under workmens compensation
laws, unemployment insurance laws or similar legislation, or good faith deposits in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the payment of Indebtedness) or leases to which such Person is a party, or deposits to secure public or
statutory obligations of such Person or deposits of cash or Cash Equivalents to secure surety or appeal bonds to which such Person is a party, or deposits as security for contested taxes or import duties or for the payment of rent, in each case
incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(b) Liens imposed by law, such as carriers, warehousemens
and mechanics Liens, in each case for sums not yet overdue for a period of more than 30 days or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or other Liens arising out of judgments or awards against such Person with respect to
which such Person shall then be proceeding with an appeal or other proceedings for review if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP; 

55 

(c) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not yet
overdue for a period of more than 30 days or subject to penalties for nonpayment or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of
such Person in accordance with GAAP; 

(d) Liens in favor of the issuer of stay, customs, appeal, performance and
surety bonds or bid bonds or with respect to other regulatory requirements or letters of credit issued pursuant to the request of and for the account of such Person in the ordinary course of its business; 

(e) minor survey exceptions, minor encumbrances, easements or reservations of, or rights of others for, licenses,
rights-of-way, sewers, electric lines, telegraph and telephone lines and other similar purposes, or zoning or other restrictions as to the use of real properties or Liens incidental to the conduct of the business of such Person or to the ownership
of its properties which were not incurred in connection with Indebtedness and which do not in the aggregate materially adversely affect the value of said properties or materially impair their use in the operation of the business of such Person; 

(f) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(b)(iv),
(xvii) or (xviii); provided, that (i) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(b)(xvii) extend only to the assets or Capital Stock of the relevant non-Loan Party
Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) and (b)(xviii) are solely on the assets financed, purchased, constructed, improved, acquired or assets of the
acquired entity, as the case may be and the proceeds and products thereof and accessions thereto (it being understood that individual equipment, purchase money or capital lease financings provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other
equipment, purchase money or capital lease financings provided by such lender (or its Affiliates)); 

(g) Liens
existing on the Effective Date and, to the extent the obligations secured by such Liens exceeds $17,500,000 in the aggregate, described in all material respects on Schedule 6.02 (it being understood that individual equipment, purchase money
or capital lease financings provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other equipment, purchase money or capital lease financings provided by such lender (or its Affiliates)); 

(h) Liens on property or shares of stock of a Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided,
however, that such Liens are not created or incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person becoming such a Subsidiary; provided, further, that such Liens may not extend to any other property owned by the
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(i) Liens on property at the time the Borrower or a Restricted
Subsidiary acquired the property, including any acquisition by means of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation with or into the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, however, that such Liens are not created or
incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such acquisition; provided, further, that such Liens may not extend to any other property owned by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(j) Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Borrower or
another Restricted Subsidiary permitted to be incurred in accordance with Section 6.01(b)(vii); 

(k) Liens securing Hedging Obligations (other than Secured Obligations); 

(l) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds of any Person securing such Persons
obligations in respect of bankers acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods; 

56 

(m) leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses granted to others in
the ordinary course of business which do not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and do not secure any Indebtedness; 

(n) Liens arising from UCC financing statement filings regarding operating leases entered into by the Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; 

(o) Liens in favor of (i) the Borrower or a
Restricted Guarantor and (ii) in the case of a Lien granted by a Foreign Subsidiary of the Borrower, any other Foreign Subsidiary; 

(p) Liens on equipment of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries granted in the ordinary course of business
to the Borrowers or such Restricted Subsidiarys client at which equipment is located; 

(q) Liens on
receivables, payables or similar or related assets in connection with a Receivables Facility; 

(r) Liens to secure
any refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or replacement (or successive refinancing, refunding, extensions, renewals or replacements) as a whole, or in part, of any Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 and secured by any Lien
referred to in the foregoing clauses (f), (g), (h) and (i); provided, however, that (i) such new Lien shall be limited to all or part of the same property that secured the original Lien
(plus improvements on such property) (it being understood that individual equipment, purchase money or capital lease financings provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other equipment, purchase money or capital lease financings
provided by such lender (or its Affiliates)), and (ii) the Indebtedness secured by such Lien at such time is not increased to any amount greater than the sum of (A) the outstanding principal amount or, if greater, the committed amount of
the Indebtedness described under clauses (f), (g), (h) and (i) at the time the original Lien became a Permitted Lien hereunder and (B) any Excess Permitted Refinancing Amount; 

(s) deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure liability to insurance carriers; 

(t) other Liens securing obligations the aggregate outstanding principal amount of which does not exceed the greater of
$375,000,000 and 83.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period; provided, that any Lien on the Collateral granted in reliance on this clause (t) (other than with respect to any Lien securing
any Capitalized Lease Obligations and/or purchase money Indebtedness) that is pari passu with, or junior to, the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations shall be subject to an Intercreditor Agreement to the extent requested by
the secured party with respect to such Liens; 

(u) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting
an Event of Default so long as such Liens are adequately bonded and any appropriate legal proceeding that may have been duly initiated for the review of such judgment have not been finally terminated or the period within which such proceedings may
be initiated has not expired; 

(v) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to
secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business; 

(w) Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the UCC on items in the course of collection,
(ii) attaching to commodity trading accounts or other commodity brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, and (iii) in favor of banking institutions arising as a matter of law encumbering deposits (including the right
of set-off) and which are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry; 

57 

(x) Liens deemed to exist in connection with Investments in repurchase
agreements permitted under Section 6.01; provided, that such Liens do not extend to any assets other than those that are the subject of such repurchase agreement; 

(y) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity
trading accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; 

(z) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (i) relating to the establishment of depository relations with
banks not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the
ordinary course of business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or (iii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
business; 

(aa) Liens securing the Obligations and the Secured Obligations; 

(bb) Liens granted to secure any Junior Lien Obligations permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01;
provided, that (i) at the time of incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio would be no greater than 5.75:1.00 and (ii) any Lien on the Collateral granted in reliance on
this clause (bb) shall be subject to an Intercreditor Agreement to the extent requested by the secured party with respect to such Liens; 

(cc) Liens granted to secure Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt, any
Permitted First Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt, any Permitted Junior Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt, any secured Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred in reliance on Section 6.01(a) and/or
(b)(xiii) and any permitted Refinancing Indebtedness of any of the foregoing (any such permitted Refinancing Indebtedness of any of the foregoing, a Permitted Refinancing); provided, that (I) any Liens securing
(i) any Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, Permitted First Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt or any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred in reliance on Section 6.01(a)(i) or
Section 6.01(b)(xiii) under clause (B)(1) thereof and any permitted Refinancing Indebtedness related thereto that otherwise constitutes Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt or Pari Passu Lien Obligations, as applicable, shall
be subject to an applicable Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) any Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt, Permitted Junior Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt or any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred in reliance
on Section 6.01(a)(ii), Section 6.01(b)(xiii) under clause (B)(2) thereof and any permitted Refinancing Indebtedness related thereto that otherwise constitutes Junior Lien Obligations shall be subject to an applicable
Intercreditor Agreement; and (II) in the case of any such Permitted Refinancing, the Indebtedness secured by such Lien at such time is not increased to any amount greater than the sum of (i) the outstanding principal amount or, if greater,
committed amount of the Indebtedness at the time the original Lien became a Permitted Lien hereunder and (ii) any Excess Permitted Refinancing Amount; 

(dd) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents arising in connection with the defeasance, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness
permitted under this Agreement; and 

(ee) Liens on assets of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties
(including Capital Stock owned by such Persons) securing Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties permitted pursuant to Section 6.01. 

58 

Permitted Refinancing shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the
definition of Permitted Lien. 

Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt shall mean Secured Indebtedness
issued or incurred by the Borrower in the form of one or more series of second lien secured notes or loans; provided, that 

(a) such Indebtedness (i) is secured by the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations of the Borrower and the
applicable Subsidiary Guarantors on a second lien basis to such Secured Obligations and any other Pari Passu Lien Obligations and (ii) is not secured by any property or assets of the Borrower or any subsidiary other than such Collateral, 

(b) such Indebtedness constitutes Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any Class of Loans (including
portions of Classes of Loans), 

(c) [reserved], 

(d) [reserved], 

(e) such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by any Person other than any Loan Party, 

(f) except as otherwise permitted herein (including with respect to margin, MFN protection, pricing, maturity, call
protection and fees), the representation and warranty, covenant and default terms of such Indebtedness, if not substantially consistent with those applicable to any then-existing Term Loans, must be, taken as a whole, not materially more favorable
(as determined by the Borrower in good faith at the time the documentation for such Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt is finalized) to the lenders or investors providing such Indebtedness than the corresponding terms of the Loan Documents
or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being agreed that any terms contained in such Indebtedness (i) which are applicable only after the then-existing Latest Maturity Date applicable to the Term Loans,
(ii) which are covenants or other provisions that are consistent with then-current market terms for the applicable type of Indebtedness (as determined by the Borrower in good faith at the time the documentation for such Permitted Second
Priority Refinancing Debt is finalized), including any financial maintenance covenant applicable to any Customary Term A Loan (which shall constitute a then-current market term for Customary Term A Loans) or (iii) that are more
favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Indebtedness than the corresponding terms of the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Term Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as applicable,
pursuant to an amendment to this Agreement effectuated in reliance on Section 9.08(c)(ii) shall be deemed satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), 

(g) the Effective Yield (and the components thereof) applicable to any such Indebtedness shall be determined by the
Borrower and the lender or lenders providing such Indebtedness, and 

(h) a Senior Representative acting on behalf of
the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to an applicable Intercreditor Agreement. 

Permitted Unsecured
Incremental Equivalent Debt shall mean Indebtedness issued or incurred by the Borrower in the form of one or more series of unsecured notes or loans; provided, that 

(a) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Permitted Unsecured Incremental Equivalent Debt, together with the
aggregate outstanding principal amount (or committed amount, if applicable) of all Incremental Term Loans, Revolving Commitment Increases and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments provided pursuant to Section 2.26, and all Permitted
First Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt and Permitted Junior Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt shall not exceed the Maximum Incremental Amount, 

59 

(b) other than with respect to the Inside Maturity Amount, Customary
Term A Loans and Customary Bridge Loans or revolving Indebtedness, does not (I) mature prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date applicable to the Term Loans at the time such Permitted Junior Priority Incremental
Equivalent Debt is issued or incurred or (II) have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any outstanding Class of Term Loans, 

(c) such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by any Person other than any Loan Party, 

(d) [reserved], 

(e) the Effective Yield (and the components thereof) applicable to any such Indebtedness shall be determined by the
Borrower and the lender or lenders providing such Indebtedness, and 

(f) such Indebtedness may rank pari passu with
or junior to any then-existing Term Loans in right of payment so long as a Senior Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness has become party to an Intercreditor Agreement. 

Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt shall mean unsecured Indebtedness issued or incurred by the Borrower in
the form of one or more series of senior unsecured notes or loans; provided, that 

(a) such Indebtedness
constitutes Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any Class of Loans (including portions of Classes of Loans), 

(b) [reserved], 

(c) such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by any Person other any Loan Party, 

(d) except as otherwise permitted herein (including with respect to margin, MFN protection, pricing, maturity, call
protection and fees), the representation and warranty, covenant and default terms of such Indebtedness, if not substantially consistent with those applicable to any then-existing Term Loans, must be, taken as a whole, not materially more favorable
(as determined by the Borrower in good faith at the time the documentation for such Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt is finalized) to the lenders or investors providing such Indebtedness than the corresponding terms of the Loan Documents or
otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being agreed that any terms contained in such Indebtedness (i) which are applicable only after the then-existing Latest Maturity Date applicable to the Term Loans,
(ii) which are covenants or other provisions that are consistent with then-current market terms for the applicable type of Indebtedness (as determined by the Borrower in good faith at the time the documentation for such Permitted Unsecured
Refinancing Debt is finalized), including any financial maintenance covenant applicable to any Customary Term A Loan (which shall constitute a then-current market term for Customary Term A Loans) or (iii) that are more favorable to
the lenders or the agent of such Indebtedness than the corresponding terms of the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Term Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, pursuant to an
amendment to this Agreement effectuated in reliance on Section 9.08(c)(ii) shall be deemed satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), 

(e) the Effective Yield (and the components thereof) applicable to any such Indebtedness shall be determined by the
Borrower and the lender or lenders providing such Indebtedness, 

(f) such Indebtedness is not secured by any Lien or
any property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, and 

60 

(g) such Indebtedness may rank pari passu with or junior to any
then-existing Term Loans in right of payment so long as a Senior Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness has become party to an Intercreditor Agreement. 

Permitted Warrant Transaction shall mean any call option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent
derivative transaction) with respect to the Borrowers (or any parent companys) common equity sold by the Borrower or any parent company substantially concurrently with a related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction. 

Person shall mean any natural person, corporation, business trust, joint venture, association, company, limited liability
company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

Preferred Stock shall mean any Capital Stock with
preferential rights of payment of dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up. 

Prepayment Asset Sale
shall mean any Asset Sale. 

Pricing Certificate shall mean a certificate delivered pursuant to
Section 5.04(c). 

Principal Amount shall mean (i) the stated principal amount of each Loan or L/C
Disbursement denominated in US Dollars, and (ii) the US Dollar Equivalent of the stated principal amount of each Loan or L/C Disbursement denominated in an Alternate Currency, as the context may require. 

Pro Forma Basis or pro forma effect shall mean, with respect to any determination of the Consolidated
First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (including any component definition thereof), Total Assets or any other
relevant metric, that: 

(a) in the case of (i) any disposition that constitutes a Subject Transaction,
(ii) any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, (iii) the implementation of any Business Optimization Initiative relating to a cost-savings action, (iv) at the election of the Borrower, any Subject
Transaction described in clauses (i) or (j) of the definition thereof and/or (v) if applicable, any Subject Transaction described in clause (k) of the definition thereof, income statement items (whether
positive or negative and including any expected cost saving) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Subject Transaction, shall be excluded as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for
which the relevant determination is being made; 

(b) in the case of (i) any Investment that constitutes a
Subject Transaction, (ii) any designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, (iii) any transaction described in clause (h) of the definition of Subject Transaction, (iv) the
implementation of any Business Optimization Initiative that results in revenue synergies and (v) if applicable, any Subject Transaction described in clause (k) of the definition thereof, income statement items (whether positive or
negative and including any revenue synergy) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Subject Transaction shall be included as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant
determination is being made; 

(c) other than for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio,
any incurrence, retirement or repayment of Indebtedness that constitutes a Subject Transaction shall be given pro forma effect; and 

61 

(d) for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Interest Coverage
Ratio: 

(i) any retirement or repayment of Indebtedness by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that constitutes a
Subject Transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made; and 

(ii) any Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection therewith that
constitutes a Subject Transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made; provided, that, (i) if such
Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, such Indebtedness shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable Test Period for purposes of this definition determined as if the rate that would have been in effect during the period for which
pro forma effect is being given had actually been in effect during such period (subject to clause (iii) below), (ii) interest on any obligation with respect to any Capital Lease shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate
reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower in good faith to be the rate of interest implicit in such obligation in accordance with GAAP and (iii) interest on any Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest
rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a eurocurrency interbank offered rate or other rate shall be determined to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen by the Borrower; and

(e) each other Subject Transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test
Period with respect to any test or covenant for which such calculation is being made. 

Pro Rata Percentage shall mean
as to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, the percentage of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment represented by such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment; provided, that in the event the Revolving Credit Commitments shall have
expired or been terminated, the Pro Rata Percentages of any Revolving Credit Lender shall be determined on the basis of the Revolving Credit Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments. 

PTE shall mean a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may
be amended from time to time. 

Public Company Costs shall mean, as to any Person, costs associated with, or in
anticipation of, or preparation for, compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith and costs relating to compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act, as applicable to companies with equity or debt securities held by the public, the rules of national securities exchange companies with listed equity, directors, managers and/or employees compensation, fees and
expense reimbursement, costs relating to investor relations, shareholder meetings and reports to shareholders or debtholders, directors and officers insurance and other executive costs, legal and other professional fees, and listing fees
and other costs and/or expenses associated with being a public company. 

QFC Credit Support shall have the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 9.24. 

Qualified Proceeds shall mean assets that are used or useful in, or
Capital Stock of any Person engaged in, a Similar Business; provided, that the fair market value of any such assets or Capital Stock shall be determined by the Borrower in good faith. 

Qualifying Eligible Assignee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 

62 

Rating Agencies shall mean Moodys and S&P or, a nationally
recognized statistical rating agency or agencies, as the case may be, selected by the Borrower which shall be substituted for Moodys or S&P or both, as the case may be. 

Ratio Calculation Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.11(a). 

Receivables Facility shall mean one or more receivables financing facilities or arrangements as amended, supplemented,
modified, extended, renewed, restated or refunded from time to time, the obligations of which are non-recourse (except for customary (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) representations, warranties, guarantees, Liens, performance
undertakings, covenants and indemnities and/or similar undertakings made in connection with such facilities) to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than a Receivables Subsidiary), pursuant to which the Borrower or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries (a) sells or contributes their receivables, payables or similar or related assets to either (i) a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) a Receivables Subsidiary that in turn sells its receivables,
payables or similar or related assets to a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary or (b) incurs a loss or discount on receivables in connection with the realization thereof. The amount of any Receivables Facility shall be deemed
at any time to be the aggregate principal, or stated amount, of the indebtedness, fractional undivided interests (which stated amount may be described as a net investment or similar term reflecting the amount invested in such
undivided interest) or other securities incurred or issued pursuant to such Receivables Facility, in each case outstanding at such time. Each Lender authorizes each of the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent to enter into an intercreditor
agreement in respect of each Receivables Facility from time to time in effect and to take all actions it deems appropriate or necessary in connection with any such intercreditor agreement. 

Receivables Fees shall mean distributions or payments made directly or by means of discounts with respect to any
receivable, payable or similar or related asset or participation interest therein issued or sold in connection with, and other fees paid to a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with, any Receivables Facility. 

Receivables Subsidiary shall mean any subsidiary formed for the purpose of, and that solely engages, in one or more
Receivables Facilities and other activities reasonably related thereto. 

Reference Time shall mean, with respect to any
setting of the then-current Benchmark, (a) if such Benchmark is Term SOFR, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, or (b) if such Benchmark is not Term
SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Refinanced Debt shall have the
meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness. 

Refinanced Term
Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.08(e). 

Refinancing Amendment
shall mean an amendment to this Agreement executed by each of (a) the Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender and/or Additional Lender that agrees to provide any portion of the Credit Agreement Refinancing
Indebtedness being incurred pursuant thereto, in accordance with, and subject to, Section 2.27. 

Refinancing
Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.27. 

Refinancing Indebtedness shall
mean, with respect to any Person, any replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of such Person; provided, that: 

63 

(a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof
does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock so replaced, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended except by an amount (the Excess Permitted Refinancing
Amounts) equal to (i) unpaid accrued interest and/or fees thereon and/or premium (including tender premium) and/or derivative payments with respect thereto and/or the amount of original issue discount and arrangement, commitment,
underwriting, structuring or similar fees or amendment or consent fees payable, defeasance costs and costs and expenses incurred, in each case in connection with such replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension and by an amount equal
to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder plus (ii) additional amounts permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.01 (provided, that (1) any additional Indebtedness referenced in this
clause (ii) satisfies the other applicable requirements of this definition (with additional amounts incurred in reliance on this clause (ii) constituting a utilization of the relevant basket or exception pursuant to
which such additional amount is permitted) and (2) if such additional Indebtedness is secured, the Lien securing such Indebtedness satisfies the applicable requirements of Section 6.02); 

(b) solely in the case of Indebtedness incurred in reliance on Section 6.01(b)(xxiv) (other than with respect
to any revolving indebtedness and/or the Inside Maturity Amount, Customary Term A Loans or Customary Bridge Loans), such replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension has at the time incurred (I) a final maturity date equal to or
later than the final maturity date of, and (ii) in the case of term Indebtedness, has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock
being modified, replaced, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended; 

(c) if such Indebtedness being replaced,
refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended is (1) subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, such replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms not materially
less favorable to the Lenders (taken as a whole) than those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being replaced, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended or (2) Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, such replacement,
refinancing, refunding, renewing or extending indebtedness is Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, respectively; 

(d) when such term is used in respect of (i) Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, such Refinancing
Indebtedness must also satisfy paragraphs (a), (e), (f) and (h) of the proviso to the first sentence of the definition of Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt; (ii) Permitted Second Priority
Refinancing Debt, such Refinancing Indebtedness must also satisfy paragraphs (a), (e), (f) and (h) of the proviso to the first sentence of the definition of Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt;
(iii) Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt, such Refinancing Indebtedness must also satisfy paragraphs (c), (d) and (f) of the proviso to the first sentence of the definition of Permitted Unsecured Refinancing
Debt; (iv) Permitted First Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt, such Refinancing Indebtedness must also satisfy paragraphs (a), (e), (f) and (h) of the proviso to the first sentence of the definition of
Permitted First Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt, (v) Permitted Junior Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt, such Refinancing Indebtedness must also satisfy paragraphs (a), (e), (f) and (h) of the
proviso to the first sentence of the definition of Permitted Junior Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt and (vi) Permitted Unsecured Incremental Equivalent Debt, such Refinancing Indebtedness must also satisfy paragraphs (c) and
(d) of the proviso to the first sentence of the definition of Permitted Unsecured Incremental Equivalent Debt; and 

(e) such Refinancing Indebtedness shall not include: 

(i) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Restricted Guarantor
that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Borrower; 

64 

(ii) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a
Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Restricted Guarantor that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Restricted Guarantor; or 

(iii) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary that refinances
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

Refunding Capital Stock shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(b)(ii). 

Register shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.04(d). 

Regulated Bank shall mean any insured depository institution that is regulated by
foreign, federal or state banking regulators, including, without limitation, the United States Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the Board. 

Regulation U shall mean Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and
interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Regulation X shall mean Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in
effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Related Business Assets shall mean assets
(other than cash or Cash Equivalents) used or useful in a Similar Business; provided, that any assets received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in exchange for assets transferred by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary shall not
be deemed to be Related Business Assets if they consist of securities of a Person, unless upon receipt of the securities of such Person, such Person would become a Restricted Subsidiary. 

Related Fund shall mean, with respect to any Lender that is a fund or commingled investment vehicle that invests in bank
loans or similar extensions of credit, any other fund that invests in bank loans or similar extensions of credit and is managed or advised by the same investment advisor as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor. 

Related Parties shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective
directors, officers, employees, trustees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Persons Affiliates. 

Release shall mean any release, spill, emission, leaking, dumping, injection, pumping, pouring, emptying, escaping,
deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration into or through the environment or any building, structure or fixture. 

Relevant Canadian Governmental Body shall mean the Bank of Canada, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the
Bank of Canada, or any successor thereto. 

Relevant Governmental Body shall mean the Board or the Federal Reserve Bank
of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 

Replacement Term Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.08(e). 

Repricing Transaction shall mean (a) the incurrence by the Borrower of any Indebtedness under this Agreement
(including, without limitation, any new or additional term loans under this Agreement, whether incurred directly or by way of the conversion of the
InitialFirst
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans 

65 

into a new tranche of replacement term loans under this Agreement) that is broadly marketed or syndicated to banks and other institutional investors in financings similar to the facilities
provided for in this Agreement (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, Customary Term A Loans), (i) having an Effective Yield that is less than the Effective Yield for the
Initial TermFirst
Amendment Refinancing Loans and (ii) the proceeds of which are used to prepay (or, in the case of a conversion, deemed to prepay or replace), in whole or in part, the InitialFirst Amendment
Refinancing Term Loans, or (b) any modification to this Agreement that results in the reduction in the Applicable Percentage for the Initial TermFirst Amendment
Refinancing Loans so long as, in the case of each of clauses (a) and (b), (x) the primary purpose of such modification (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) is to
reduce the Effective Yield with respect to the Initial
TermFirst Amendment Refinancing Loans and
(y) without limiting the generality of clause (x), such Indebtedness was not incurred (or modified) in connection with a Change of Control and/or any acquisition or similar investment. Any determination by the Administrative Agent
contemplated by the definition of Effective Yield shall be conclusive and binding on all Lenders holding Initial TermFirst Amendment Refinancing Loans, and the Administrative Agent shall
have no liability to any Person with respect to such determination absent gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

Required Change of Control Percentage shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Change of
Control. 

Required Lenders shall mean, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposure, Unused Revolving
Credit Commitments, Initial Term Loans, First Amendment Refinancing
Term Loans, Other Revolving Credit Commitments, Other Term Loan Commitments, Other Term Loans, Incremental Term Loans and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments representing more than 50% of the
sum of all Revolving Credit Exposure, Unused Revolving Credit Commitments, Initial Term Loans, First Amendment
Refinancing Term Loans, Other Revolving Credit Commitments, Other Term Loan Commitments, Other Term Loans, Incremental Term Loans and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments at such time;
provided, that any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 

Required Net Cash Proceeds Percentage shall mean, as of any date of determination, (a) if the Consolidated First Lien
Leverage Ratio is greater than 4.75:1.00, 100%, (b) if the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 4.75:1.00 and greater than 4.25:1.00, 50% and (c) if the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or
equal to 4.25:1.00, 0%; it being understood and agreed that, for purposes of this definition as it applies to the determination of the amount of Net Cash Proceeds that are required to be applied to prepay the Term Loans under
Section 2.13(b), the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio shall be determined on the date on which such proceeds are received by the Borrower or applicable Restricted Subsidiary. 

Required Revolving Lenders shall mean, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposure, Unused Revolving Credit
Commitments, Other Revolving Credit Commitments and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of all Revolving Credit Exposure, Unused Revolving Credit Commitments, Other Revolving Credit Commitments and
Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments at such time; provided, that any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Revolving Lenders. 

Resolution Authority shall mean an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK
Resolution Authority. 

Responsible Officer of any Person shall mean any executive officer or Financial Officer of such
Person and any other officer or similar official thereof responsible for the administration of the obligations of such Person in respect of this Agreement and, as to any document delivered on the Effective Date, any secretary or assistant secretary
of such Person. 

Restricted Amount shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.13(e)(iii).

66 

Restricted Debt shall mean any Subordinated Indebtedness and any
Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof that otherwise constitutes Restricted Debt, in each case to the extent the same qualifies as Material Indebtedness. 

Restricted Debt Payment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in paragraph (c) of the definition of
Restricted Payment. 

Restricted Dividend Payment shall mean any Restricted Payment other than a Restricted
Investment or a Restricted Debt Payment. 

Restricted Guarantor shall mean a Subsidiary Guarantor that is a Restricted
Subsidiary. 

Restricted Investment shall mean an Investment other than a Permitted Investment. 

Restricted Payment shall mean: 

(a) the payment of any dividend or the making of any payment or distribution on account of the Borrowers Capital
Stock, including any dividend or distribution payable in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation other than dividends, payments or distributions payable solely in Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower or a
Restricted Subsidiary; or 

(b) the purchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for value of
any Capital Stock of the Borrower, including in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation; 

(c) the
making of any voluntary principal payment on, or voluntary redemption, repurchase, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for value in each case, prior to any scheduled repayment, sinking fund payment or maturity, of, any Restricted Debt
other than: 

(i) Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(b)(vii), except to the extent prohibited by
the Intercompany Subordination Agreement; or 

(ii) the payment, prepayment, purchase, repurchase or other acquisition
of any Subordinated Indebtedness and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any of the foregoing Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary purchased in anticipation of satisfying a sinking fund obligation, principal installment or
final maturity, in each case due within one year of the date of purchase, repurchase or acquisition, 

(any such foregoing principal payment on, or
redemption, repurchase, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for value, of such Indebtedness, a Restricted Debt Payment); or 

(d) the making of any Restricted Investment. 

Restricted Payment Applicable Amount shall mean, at any time, an amount equal to the sum (without duplication) of: 

(a) the greater of $340,000,000 and 75.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period;
plus

(b) (i) the greater of (A) 50% of the Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower (taken as one
accounting period) from the first day of the fiscal quarter in which the Effective Date occurs to the last day of the most recently ended Test Period at the time of such Restricted Payment and (B) the Cumulative Retained Excess Cash Flow Amount
at such time; plus (ii) if greater than zero, an amount equal the amount available under clauses (b)(i)(A) and (b)(ii) of the definition of Restricted Payment Applicable Amount under the Existing Credit Agreement, as of the
Effective Date; plus

67 

(c) 100% of the aggregate net proceeds (including cash and the fair
market value, as determined in good faith by the Borrower, of marketable securities or other property) received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary since and including the Effective Date (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) (other
than net cash proceeds to the extent such net cash proceeds have been used pursuant to Section 6.01(b)(xi)(A)) from the issue or sale of: 

(i) (A) Capital Stock of the Borrower, including Treasury Capital Stock, but excluding cash proceeds and the fair
market value, as determined in good faith by the Borrower, of marketable securities or other property received from the sale of: 

(x) Capital Stock to directors, officers, employees, members of management or consultants of the Borrower, its
Restricted Subsidiaries and any direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower, after the Effective Date to the extent such amounts have been applied to Restricted Payments made in accordance with Section 6.03(b)(iv); and 

(y) Designated Preferred Stock; and 

(B) to the extent such proceeds, securities or other property are actually contributed to the capital of the Borrower or
a Restricted Subsidiary, Capital Stock of the Borrowers direct or indirect parent companies (excluding contributions of the proceeds from the sale of Designated Preferred Stock of such companies or contributions to the extent such amounts have
been applied to Restricted Payments made in accordance with Section 6.03(b)(iv)); or 

(ii) debt of the
Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary that has been converted into or exchanged for such Capital Stock of the Borrower or a direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower; 

provided, however, that this paragraph (c) shall not include the proceeds from (v) the exercise of any Cure Right,
(w) Refunding Capital Stock, (x) Capital Stock or convertible debt securities sold to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, (y) Disqualified Stock or debt securities that have been converted into Disqualified
Stock or (z) amounts included in the Excluded Contribution Amount; plus

(d) 100% of the aggregate amount
of net proceeds (including cash and the fair market value, as determined in good faith by the Borrower, of marketable securities or other property) contributed to the capital of the Borrower following the Effective Date (other than (i) net cash
proceeds to the extent utilized pursuant to Section 6.01(b)(xi)(A), (ii) to the extent applied to fund the Transactions, (iii) by a Restricted Subsidiary, (iv) Equity Cure Proceeds and (v) any Excluded Contribution
Amount); plus

(e) 100% of the aggregate amount of proceeds (including cash and the fair market value, as
determined in good faith by the Borrower, of marketable securities or other property) received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary by means of: 

(i) the sale or other disposition (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) of Restricted Investments made
by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and repurchases and redemptions of such Restricted Investments from the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and repayments of loans or advances, and releases of guarantees, which
constitute Restricted Investments by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case after the Effective Date; or 

68 

(ii) the sale or other disposition (other than to the Borrower or a
Restricted Subsidiary) of the stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary (other than to the extent the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary was made by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.03(b)(vii) or to the
extent such Investment constituted a Permitted Investment) or a dividend or distribution from an Unrestricted Subsidiary after the Effective Date; plus

(f) in the case of the redesignation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary after the Effective Date,
the fair market value of the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary, as determined by the Borrower in good faith, at the time of the redesignation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary
to the extent the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary was made by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.03(b)(vii) or to the extent such Investment constituted a Permitted Investment; plus

(g) (i) the amount of any Declined Proceeds plus (ii) the amount of any Retained Asset Sale Proceeds; plus

(h) the value of any transaction consideration in any Investment attributable in the good faith determination of
the Borrower to the Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) of the Borrower or its applicable parent company issued in connection with such Permitted Investment. 

Restricted Subsidiary shall mean, at any time, each direct and indirect subsidiary of the Borrower (including any Foreign
Subsidiary) that is not then an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that upon the occurrence of an Unrestricted Subsidiary ceasing to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary, such Subsidiary shall be included in the definition of
Restricted Subsidiary. 

Retained Asset Sale Proceeds shall mean the amount of Net Cash Proceeds received by
the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of any Prepayment Asset Sale, in each case that are not required to be applied to prepay the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.13(b) on account of the fact that the Required Net Cash
Proceeds Percentage is less than 100%. 

Revaluation Date shall mean (a) with respect to any Revolving Loan or
Swingline Loan, each of the following: (i) each date of a borrowing of a Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan, (ii) each date of a continuation of a Revolving Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, (iii) the last Business Day
of each fiscal quarter, and (iv) the date of any voluntary reduction of a Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to Section 2.09(b); (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following: (i) each date of issuance
of a Letter of Credit, (ii) each date of an amendment of a Letter of Credit which increases the face amount thereof, (iii) each date of any payment by an Issuing Bank with respect to a Letter of Credit, and (iv) the last
Business Day of each fiscal quarter; (c) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or the respective Issuing Bank shall determine, or the Required Lenders shall require, at any time when (i) an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing or (ii) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure exceeds 90% of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment (for such purpose, determined using the US Dollar Equivalent in effect for the most recent Revaluation Date); and
(d) with respect to the Unused Revolving Credit Commitment of a given Lender pursuant to Section 2.05(a), each day of the applicable period such Unused Revolving Credit Commitment is in effect. 

Revolving Commitment Increase shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.26(a). 

Revolving Commitment Increase Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.26(b). 

69 

Revolving Credit Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Revolving
Loans. 

Revolving Credit Commitment shall mean, with respect to each Revolving Credit Lender, (i) the commitment
of such Lender to make Revolving Loans (and acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans) hereunder in an amount equal to its Initial Revolving Credit Commitment or the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment set forth opposite
such Lenders name in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender assumed its Revolving Credit Commitment, as applicable, as the same may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09, 2.22(a)
or 2.27, (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04 and (c) increased pursuant to a Revolving Commitment Increase or a Refinancing Amendment,
(ii) any Other Revolving Credit Commitment and/or (iii) any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment of such Lender, as the context may require. 

Revolving Credit Exposure shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any time, the aggregate Principal Amount at such time
of all outstanding Revolving Loans of such Lender, plus the aggregate amount at such time of such Lenders L/C Exposure, plus the aggregate amount at such time of such Lenders Swingline Exposure. 

Revolving Credit Facility shall mean the revolving credit facilities contemplated by Section 2.01(b) and, if
applicable, Sections 2.26 and/or 2.27. 

Revolving Credit Lender shall mean (i) initially, each
Lender executing this Agreement under the heading Initial Revolving Credit Lender or Revolving Credit Lender on the Effective Date and (ii) thereafter, each Lender with a Revolving Credit Commitment at such time (or,
after the termination thereof, Revolving Loans or other Revolving Credit Exposure with respect thereto), it being understood that for each Lender that is described in part (a) of the definition of Lender (but, for the avoidance of doubt and
notwithstanding Section 9.04(a), not its assigns) that is a resident of Canada for all purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and that is not eligible for the so called portfolio interest exemption under the Code, with
respect to Revolving Credit Commitments to be made available to the Borrower, the extensions of credit to the Borrower hereunder and all interest, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses and other Obligations owing by the Borrower in connection with
Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and the Revolving Credit Commitments, and for all other related purposes hereunder (as the context may require), the term Revolving Credit Lender shall refer to such Lenders US branch or lending
office. 

Revolving Credit Maturity Date shall mean (a) with respect to the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments
(and related Revolving Credit Exposure), March 1, 2029 and (b) with respect to any Series of any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments (and related Obligations) or Other Revolving Credit Commitments (and related Obligations), the
maturity date for such Series set forth in the relevant Incremental Amendment or Refinancing Amendment, as applicable. 

Revolving
Loans shall mean the Initial Revolving Loans and/or, after the incurrence thereof, the Other Revolving Loans and/or the Incremental Revolving Loans, as the context may require. 

S&P shall mean S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and any successor thereto. 

Sale and Lease-Back Transaction shall mean any arrangement providing for the leasing by the Borrower or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries of any real or tangible personal property, which property has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary to a third Person in contemplation of such leasing. 

Sanctions Authority shall mean the United Nations, the United States of America, the United Kingdom, the European Union,
any Member State of the European Union, or any other jurisdiction that applies to the Borrower or its subsidiaries, or any body, governmental entity, official institution, authority and/or agency or instrumentality of the above acting on behalf of
any of them in connection with Sanctions. 

70 

Sanctioned Country shall mean, at any time, a country or territory that
is itself, or whose government is, the subject or target of any comprehensive Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea region, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine and the so-called Donetsk
Peoples Republic and so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic regions of Ukraine). 

Sanctions shall mean any
economic or financial sanctions and/or trade embargoes or restrictive measures imposed, administered or enforced by any Sanctions Authority which are applicable to the Borrower and its subsidiaries. 

SEC shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement shall mean an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2
hereto, with (i) any immaterial changes (as determined in the Administrative Agents sole discretion) thereto as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may agree in their respective reasonable discretion and/or (ii) any material
changes thereto as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may agree in their respective reasonable discretion, which material changes are posted for review by the Lenders and deemed acceptable if the Required Lenders have not objected thereto
within five Business Days following the date on which such changes are posted for review. 

Section 5.04 Financials
shall mean the financial statements delivered, or required to be delivered, pursuant to Section 5.04(a) or (b). 

Secured Indebtedness shall mean any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries secured by a Lien.

Secured Obligations shall mean all Obligations as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or any
other Security Document. 

Secured Parties shall mean the Secured Parties as defined in the Guarantee and
Collateral Agreement. 

Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations
of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 

Security Documents shall mean the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, the Mortgages
(if any), each Intellectual Property Security Agreement and each of the other instruments and documents executed and delivered with respect to the Collateral pursuant to Section 5.09. 

Senior Representative shall mean, with respect to any series of Indebtedness, the trustee, administrative agent, collateral
agent, security agent or similar agent under the indenture or agreement pursuant to which such Indebtedness is issued, incurred or otherwise obtained, as the case may be, and each of their successors in such capacities. 

Series shall mean (a) all Loans or Commitments that are established pursuant to the same Refinancing Amendment (or any
subsequent Refinancing Amendment to the extent such Refinancing Amendment expressly provides that the Loans or Commitments provided for therein are intended to be a part of any previously established Series) and that provide for the same interest
margins and (if applicable) amortization schedule and (b) all Loans or Commitments that are established pursuant to the same Incremental Amendment (or any subsequent Incremental Amendment to the extent such Incremental Amendment expressly
provides that the Loans or Commitments provided for therein are intended to be a part of any previously established Series) and that provide for the same interest margins and (if applicable) amortization schedule. 

71 

Significant Subsidiary shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary of the
Borrower from time to time for which (i) the assets of such Restricted Subsidiary, together with the assets of any other Significant Subsidiary, constitute 10.0% or more of the Total Assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis, and (ii) the EBITDA of such Restricted Subsidiary, together with the revenue of any other Significant Subsidiary, accounts for at least 10% of the EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis, in each case determined as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period. 

Similar Business shall mean
any business conducted or proposed to be conducted by the Borrower and its subsidiaries on the Effective Date or any business that is similar, reasonably related, incidental, ancillary or complementary thereto. 

SOFR shall mean a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator shall mean the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight
financing rate). 

SOFR Administrators Website shall mean the NYFRBs website, currently at
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

SOFR Determination Date shall have the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 

SOFR Rate Day shall have the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 

Solvent shall mean, with respect to any Person, (a) the consolidated fair value of the assets of such Person and its
subsidiaries, at a fair valuation, will exceed their consolidated debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise; (b) the consolidated present fair saleable value of the property of such Person and its subsidiaries will be greater
than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of their consolidated debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (c) such Person and
its subsidiaries will be able to pay their consolidated debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; and (d) such Person and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, will
not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which they are engaged. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such
time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 

SONIA shall
mean, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrators Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day.

SONIA Administrator shall mean the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index
Average). 

SONIA Administrators Website shall mean the Bank of Englands website, currently at
http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 

72 

SONIA Borrowing shall mean, as to any Borrowing, the SONIA Loans
comprising such Borrowing. 

SONIA Interest Day shall have the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple
SONIA. 

SONIA Loan shall mean a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple SONIA. 

SPC shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(i). 

Special Flood Hazard Area means an area that the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) has
designated as a special flood hazard area. 

Specified Commitment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 1.11(i). 

Specified Commitment Notice shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 1.11(i). 

Specified Default shall mean an Event of Default under Section 7.01(b),
(c), (g)(i), or (h). 

Specified Obligations shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.13(b). 

Spot Rate shall mean, for any currency, on any Revaluation Date or other relevant date of
determination, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate quoted by the Administrative Agent as the spot rate for the purchase by the Administrative Agent of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign
exchange trading office at approximately 11:00 a.m. on such date; provided, that the Administrative Agent may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by the Administrative Agent if the Administrative Agent does not
have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency. 

Stated Amount shall mean, with respect
to each Letter of Credit, at any time, the maximum amount available to be drawn thereunder, in each case determined (x) as if any future automatic increases in the maximum available amount provided for in any such Letter of Credit had in fact
occurred at such time and (y) without regard to whether any conditions to drawing could then be met but after giving effect to all previous drawings made thereunder; provided, that the Stated Amount of each Letter of Credit
denominated in an Alternate Currency shall be, on any date of calculation, the US Dollar Equivalent of the maximum amount available to be drawn in such Alternate Currency thereunder, in each case, determined (x) as if any future automatic
increases in the maximum available amount provided for in any such Letter of Credit had in fact occurred at such time and (y) without regard to whether any conditions to drawing could then be met but after giving effect to all previous drawings
made thereunder. 

Sterling and shall mean freely transferable lawful money of the United
Kingdom (expressed in pounds sterling). 

Subject Transaction shall mean: 

(a) the Transactions; 

(b) any permitted acquisition or any other acquisition or similar Investment, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise,
of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division of, any Person or of a majority of the outstanding Capital Stock of any Person (and, in any event, including any Investment in (i) any Restricted Subsidiary
the effect of which is to increase the Borrowers or any Restricted Subsidiarys respective equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) any joint venture for the purpose of increasing the Borrowers or its relevant
Restricted Subsidiarys ownership interest in such joint venture), in each case that is permitted by this Agreement; 

73 

(c) any disposition of (i) all or substantially all of the assets
or (ii) the Capital Stock of any subsidiary (or any business unit, line of business or division of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary) not prohibited by this Agreement; 

(d) the designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a
Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with Section 5.10; 

(e) any incurrence, retirement, redemption,
repayment and/or prepayment of Indebtedness (other than any Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving credit facility in the ordinary course of business for working capital purposes); 

(f) [reserved]; 

(g) at the election of the Borrower, the implementation of any Business Optimization Initiative; 

(h) at the election of the Borrower, any New Contract and/or any New Pricing or Volume; 

(i) at the election of the Borrower, any discontinued operation pending the disposal, abandonment, divestiture and/or
termination thereof; 

(j) at the election of the Borrower, for purposes of any Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio
test, any amendment to the interest rate applicable to any Indebtedness; and 

(k) any other event that by the terms
of the Loan Documents requires pro forma compliance with a test or covenant hereunder or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a pro forma basis. 

Subordinated Financing shall mean any Subordinated Indebtedness which is Material Indebtedness. 

Subordinated Financing Documentation shall mean any indenture and/or other agreement pertaining to Subordinated Financing
and all documentation delivered pursuant thereto. 

Subordinated Indebtedness shall mean any Indebtedness of the
Borrower and any Guarantor which is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations of the Borrower or such Guarantor, as applicable. 

subsidiary shall mean, with respect to any Person (herein referred to as the parent), any corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, at the
time any determination is being made, owned or held by the parent, one or more subsidiaries of the parent or a combination thereof. Unless otherwise specified, subsidiary shall mean any subsidiary of the Borrower. 

Subsidiary Guarantor shall mean each subsidiary listed on Schedule 1.01(b), and each other Subsidiary that is or
becomes a party to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement pursuant to Section 5.09 or otherwise, excluding each Excluded Subsidiary. 

Successor Company shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(i). 

74 

Successor Subsidiary Person shall have the meaning assigned to such term
in Section 6.04(c)(i)(A). 

Supported QFC shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.24. 

Swingline Commitment shall mean the commitment of the Swingline Lender to make loans
pursuant to Section 2.23(a), as the same may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09; provided, that with respect to any Swingline Lender, to the extent the Borrower obtains Other Revolving Credit
Commitments or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments for which such Swingline Lender does not have a commitment or does not otherwise consent in writing thereto, then the Swingline Commitment of such Swingline Lender shall terminate on the later
to occur of the termination of the Class of Revolving Credit Commitments under which such Swingline Lender has agreed to act as Swingline Lender or the date to which such Swingline Lender has otherwise consented in writing. 

Swingline Exposure shall mean, at any time, the aggregate Principal Amount at such time of all outstanding Swingline Loans.
The Swingline Exposure of any Revolving Credit Lender at any time shall equal its Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate Swingline Exposure at such time. 

Swingline Lender shall mean with respect to the Swingline Commitment to be made available to the Borrower, the extensions
of credit to the Borrower thereunder and all interest, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses and other Obligations owing by the Borrower in connection with Swingline Loans, and for all other related purposes hereunder (as the context may require),
(a) JPMorgan, acting through any of its Affiliates or branches, in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder, (b) any other Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder (to the extent agreed by the Borrower and such
Administrative Agent) and (c) any other Revolving Credit Lender designated by the Borrower and agreed to by the Administrative Agent (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) who agrees to act in such capacity.

Swingline Loans shall mean any loan made by the Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.23(a). 

TARGET Day shall mean any day on which (i) TARGET2 is open for settlement of payments in Euro and (ii) banks are
open for dealings in deposits in Euro in the London interbank market. 

TARGET2 shall mean the Trans-European Automated
Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. 

Taxes shall mean any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges, liabilities or
withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority. 

Term CORRA Administrator shall
mean Candeal Benchmark Administration Services Inc., TSX Inc., or any successor administrator. 

Term CORRA shall mean,
for any calculation with respect to a CORRA Loan, the Term CORRA Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day) that is two
(2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term CORRA Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 1:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on any Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day
the Term CORRA Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term CORRA Administrator and a Canadian Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term CORRA Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term CORRA will be the Term
CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term CORRA Administrator on the first preceding Business Day for which such Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term CORRA Administrator so long as such first
preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day. 

75 

Term CORRA Reference Rate shall mean the forward-looking term rate based
on CORRA. 

Term Lender shall mean any Initial Term Lender, First Amendment Refinancing Term Lender, Other Term Loan Lender
and/or Incremental Term Loan Lender, as the context may require. 

Term Loan Maturity Date shall mean
(a) with respect to the
InitialFirst
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans, March 1, 2031, and (b) with respect to any Series of Other Term Loans or Incremental Term Loans, the maturity date for such Series set forth in the
relevant Incremental Amendment or Refinancing Amendment. 

Term Loans shall mean the InitialFirst Amendment
Refinancing Term Loans and/or, after the incurrence thereof, the Other Term Loans and/or the Incremental Term Loans, as the context may require. 

Term Loan Lender shall mean a Lender with an
outstanding Term Loan.

Term SOFR Determination Day
shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 

Term SOFR shall mean, with
respect to any SOFR Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of a tenor
comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 

Term SOFR Reference
Rate shall mean, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day), with respect to any SOFR Borrowing denominated in US Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per
annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference
Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Term SOFR has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business
Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published
by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 

Termination Date shall mean the date upon which all Commitments have terminated, no Letters of Credit are outstanding (or
if Letters of Credit remain outstanding, as to which an L/C Backstop exists), and the Loans and L/C Exposure, together with all interest, Fees and other non-contingent Obligations, have been paid in full in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement. 

Test Period shall mean, as of any date, (a) for purposes of determining actual compliance with
Section 6.10, the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then most recently ended for which Section 5.04 Financials have been delivered (or are required to have been delivered) and (b) for any other purpose, the period of
four consecutive fiscal quarters then most recently ended for which Section 5.04 Financials have been delivered (or are required to have been delivered) or, if earlier, are internally available; it being understood and agreed that
(i) prior to the first delivery (or required delivery) of financial statements pursuant to Section 5.04(b), Test Period shall mean the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended for which financial
statements of the Borrower are internally available and (ii) in the case of clause (b) above, at the election of the Borrower in its sole discretion, the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on the last day of the
fourth fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year may constitute a Test Period if the financial information necessary to calculate the relevant ratio, metric or test for the fourth fiscal quarter of such Fiscal Year is internally available. 

76 

Threshold Amount shall mean the greater of $160,000,000 and 35% of EBITDA
of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period. 

Total Assets shall mean total assets of the
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis prepared in accordance with GAAP, shown on the most recent balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (for such purpose, excluding all Customer Funds). 

Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall mean, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments, as in
effect at such time. The Total Revolving Credit Commitment immediately after the occurrence of the Effective Date is $350,000,000. 

Transaction Expenses shall mean any fees or expenses incurred or paid by the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent of
the Borrower) or any of its subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions (including expenses in connection with hedging transactions), this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 

Transactions shall mean (a) this Agreement becoming effective in accordance with its terms and the borrowing of Loans
hereunder on the Effective Date, (b) the consummation of the Effective Date Refinancing and (c) the payment of any fees, costs and/or expenses (including Transaction Expenses) in connection with any or all of the foregoing. 

Treasury Capital Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(b)(ii). 

Type, when used in respect of any Loan or Borrowing, shall refer to the Rate by reference to which interest on such Loan or
on the Loans comprising such Borrowing is determined. For purposes hereof, the term Rate shall mean Adjusted Term SOFR, the Alternate Base Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, Daily Simple SONIA, the Canadian Prime Rate or the Adjusted
Term CORRA. 

UK Financial Institution shall mean any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook
(as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct
Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority shall mean the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility
for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement shall mean the applicable
Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

Unadjusted Canadian Benchmark
Replacement shall mean the applicable Canadian Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Canadian Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

Uniform Commercial Code or UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in any applicable
jurisdiction from time to time. 

Unrestricted Subsidiary shall mean: 

(a) any subsidiary of the Borrower which is listed on Schedule 5.10 hereof; 

77 

(b) any subsidiary of the Borrower which at the time of determination
is an Unrestricted Subsidiary (as designated by the Borrower, as provided in Section 5.10); and 

(c) any
subsidiary of any Person described in clauses (a) or (b) above. 

Unused Revolving Credit
Commitment shall mean, with respect to any Lender, at any time, the remainder of the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Lender at such time, if any, less the sum of (i) the aggregate outstanding Principal Amount of Revolving Loans
made by such Lender and then outstanding, (ii) such Lenders L/C Exposure and (iii) except for purposes of Section 2.05(a), such Lenders Swingline Exposure. 

US Dollar Equivalent shall mean, at any time, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in US Dollars, such amount
and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in any currency other than US Dollars, the equivalent amount thereof in US Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate (determined in respect of the
most recent Revaluation Date or other relevant date of determination) for the purchase of US Dollars with such other currency. 

US Dollar-Denominated Loans shall mean any Loans denominated in US Dollars. 

US Dollars or $ shall mean lawful money of the United States of America. 

US Prime Rate shall mean the rate of interest per annum last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime
Rate in the U.S., or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the
bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative
Agent); each change in the US Prime Rate shall be effective as of the opening of business on the date such change is announced as being effective. The US Prime Rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate
actually available. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall mean any day except for (a) a Saturday,
(b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government
securities. 

USA PATRIOT Act shall mean The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required
to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 

Weighted Average Life to Maturity shall mean, when applied to any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, as
the case may be, at any date, the quotient obtained by dividing: 

(a) the sum of the products of the number of years
from the date of determination to the date of each successive scheduled principal payment or scheduled commitment reduction or termination of such Indebtedness or redemption or similar payment with respect to such Disqualified Stock or Preferred
Stock multiplied by the amount of such payment or reduction or termination; by 

(b) the sum of all such payments (or
reduction or termination). 

Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of any Person shall mean a subsidiary of such Person, 100% of the
Capital Stock of which (other than directors qualifying shares or, in the case of Foreign Subsidiaries, nominal amounts of shares required by law to be owned by a resident of the relevant jurisdiction) shall be owned by such Person or by one
or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 

78 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers shall mean, (a) with respect to any
EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial
Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to
have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

Section 1.02. Terms Generally. 

(a) The definitions in Section 1.01 shall apply equally to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever
the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without
limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall; and the words asset and property shall be construed as having the same meaning and effect and
to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. The words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be
construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision of this Agreement unless the context shall otherwise require. All references herein to Articles, Sections, paragraphs, clauses, subclauses, Exhibits and
Schedules shall be deemed references to Articles, Sections, paragraphs, clauses and subclauses of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement unless the context shall otherwise require. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the
Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio and the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio (and the financial definitions used therein) and compliance with each covenant set forth
herein (including as determined by any reference to a definition used in such covenant (e.g., Receivables Facilities, Capitalized Lease Obligations, etc.)) shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time;
provided, however, that if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower wishes to amend the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio, the
Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio or any financial definition used therein or any covenant used herein (or definition used therein), in each case, to eliminate the effect of any change in GAAP or the application thereof occurring after the
Effective Date on the operation thereof (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders wish to amend the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Secured Leverage
Ratio, the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio or any financial definition used therein or any covenant used herein (or definition used therein), in each case, for such purpose), then the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall negotiate in
good faith to amend (without the payment of any amendment or similar fees to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders) the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, the
Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio or the definitions used therein or any covenant used herein (or definition used therein), in each case, (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed)) to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such changes in GAAP; provided, that all determinations made pursuant to the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Secured
Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio or any financial definition used therein or any covenant used herein (or definition used therein), in each case, shall be determined on the basis of GAAP as applied and in effect immediately
before the relevant change in GAAP or the application thereof became effective, until the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio or
such financial definition or any covenant used herein (or definition used therein) is amended. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this paragraph (a) above or in the definition of Capitalized Lease,, only
those leases (assuming for purposes hereof that such leases were then in existence) that would constitute Capital Leases in conformity with GAAP as in effect prior to giving effect to the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 Leases (Topic
842) and ASU No. 2018-11 

79 

Leases (Topic 842) shall be considered Capitalized Leases hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and all calculations and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Loan
Document shall be made, prepared or available, as applicable, in accordance therewith; provided, that all financial statements required to be provided hereunder may, at the option of the Borrower, be prepared in accordance with GAAP without
giving effect to the foregoing treatment of Capitalized Leases. 

(b) For purposes of determining compliance at any time with
Sections 5.13, 6.01, 6.02, 6.03, 6.04, 6.05, and/or 6.07 in the event that any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock, Preferred Stock, Lien, Restricted Payment, fundamental change, disposition, restrictive
agreement, or Affiliate transaction, as applicable, meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of transactions or items permitted pursuant to any clause of Sections 6.01 (other than Sections 6.01(b)(i) or (b)(xxiv)
(in each case, without limiting the definition of Maximum Incremental Amount)), 6.02 (other than clauses (aa) or (cc) of the definition of Permitted Liens (in each case, without limiting the
definition of Maximum Incremental Amount and, in the case of clause (cc) of the definition of Permitted Liens, the exception set forth in this parenthetical shall not apply to Liens securing Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock incurred in reliance on Sections 6.01(a)(i) or 6.01(b)(xiii) and/or any Permitted Refinancing thereof)), 5.13, 6.03, 6.04, 6.05, and/or 6.07, the Borrower, in its sole
discretion, may, from time to time, classify or reclassify such transaction or item (or portion thereof) under one or more clauses of each such Section; provided, that, unless the Borrower elects otherwise in writing: 

(i) if, at any time on the date of or following the initial incurrence of any portion of any Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock under Section 6.01 (other than Section 6.01(b)(i) or (b)(xxiv); it being understood and agreed that this clause (i) shall apply to the Maximum Incremental Amount) (such portion of
such Indebtedness, the Subject Indebtedness), the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio or the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, as applicable, is less than or equal to the applicable level set
forth in Section 6.01(a) or the Interest Coverage Ratio is greater than or equal to the applicable level set forth in Section 6.01(a), such Subject Indebtedness shall automatically be reclassified (with retroactive effect) as
having been incurred under the applicable provisions of Section 6.01(a) or clause (e) of the definition of Maximum Incremental Amount, as applicable (subject to any other applicable provision of
Section 6.01(a) or clause (e) of the Maximum Incremental Amount, as applicable, and any associated Lien will be deemed to have been permitted under clauses (aa) or (cc), as applicable, of the definition of
Permitted Lien upon any such reclassification; 

(ii) if, on the date of or following the making of any
Investment other than in reliance on Section 6.03(b)(xix)(A), the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than the applicable level set forth in Section 6.03(b)(xix)(A) at any time, such Investment (or the relevant
portion thereof) shall automatically be reclassified (with retroactive effect) as having been made in reliance on Section 6.03(b)(xix)(A); 

(iii) if, on the date of or following the making of any Restricted Dividend Payment other than in reliance on
Section 6.03(b)(xix)(B), the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than the applicable level set forth in Section 6.03(b)(xix)(B) at any time, such Restricted Dividend Payment (or the relevant portion thereof) shall
automatically be reclassified (with retroactive effect) as having been made in reliance on Section 6.03(b)(xix)(B); and 

(iv) if, on the date of or following the making of any Restricted Debt Payment other than in reliance on
Section 6.03(b)(xviii), the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than the applicable level set forth in Section 6.03(b)(xviii) at any time, such Restricted Debt Payment (or the relevant portion thereof) shall
automatically be reclassified (with retroactive effect) as having been made in reliance on Section 6.03(b)(xviii). 

80 

(c) It is understood and agreed that any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock, Preferred
Stock, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, burdensome agreement, Investment, disposition and/or Affiliate transaction need not be permitted solely by reference to one category of permitted Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock, Preferred
Stock, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, restrictive agreement, Investment, disposition and/or Affiliate transaction under Sections 5.13, 6.01, 6.02, 6.03, 6.04, 6.05, and/or 6.07,
respectively, and may instead be permitted in part under any combination thereof, but the Borrower will only be required to include the amount and type of such transaction (or portion thereof) in one such category (or combination thereof). 

Section 1.03. Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred
to by Class (e.g., an Initial Revolving Loan) or by Type (e.g., a SOFR Loan) or by Class and Type (e.g., a SOFR Initial Revolving Loan). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by
Class (e.g., a Revolving Credit Borrowing) or by Type (e.g., a SOFR Borrowing) or by Class and Type (e.g., a SOFR Revolving Credit Borrowing). 

Section 1.04. Rounding. The calculation of any financial ratios under this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the
appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-down if there is no
nearest number). 

Section 1.05. References to Agreements and Laws. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein,
(a) all references to documents, instruments and other agreements (including the Loan Documents and organizational documents) shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements and other
modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements and other modifications are not prohibited by any Loan Document and (b) references to any law, statute, rule or
regulation shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such law. 

Section 1.06. Times of Day and Effectuation of Transactions. Unless otherwise specified, (a) all references herein to
times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable) and (b) each of the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (and all corresponding definitions) is made after
giving effect to the Transactions, unless the context otherwise requires. 

Section 1.07. Timing of Payment or
Performance. When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment or performance shall extend to the
immediately succeeding Business Day and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be; provided, that with respect to any payment of interest on or principal of SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans, SONIA
Loans or CORRA Loans, if such extension would cause any such payment to be made in the next succeeding calendar month, such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. 

Section 1.08. Cashless Rollovers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan
Document, to the extent that any Lender extends the maturity date of, or replaces, renews or refinances, any of its then-existing Loans with Incremental Term Loans, Revolving Commitment Increase, Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, Credit
Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, Replacement Term Loans, Replacement Revolving Facility or loans incurred under a new credit facility, in each case, to the extent such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing is effected by means of a
cashless roll settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such Lenders, such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing shall be deemed to comply with any requirement hereunder or any other Loan
Document that such payment be made in Dollars, in immediately available funds, in Cash or any other similar requirement. 

81 

Section 1.09. Exchange Rate; Currency Equivalents Generally. The
Administrative Agent shall determine the Spot Rates as of each Revaluation Date to be used for calculating the US Dollar Equivalent amounts of Loans and other Obligations denominated in an Alternate Currency. Such Spot Rates shall become
effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Spot Rates employed in converting any amounts between an Alternate Currency and Dollars until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except as provided above in this
Section 1.09 and except for purposes of financial statements delivered by the Borrower hereunder or calculating compliance with a financial ratio hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency
(other than US Dollars) for purposes of determining compliance with the provisions of the Loan Documents on any date of determination shall be such US Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent on such date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with Sections 2.01, 2.25, 6.01, 6.02 and 6.03 (including any Permitted Investment) of this Agreement with respect to any amount of Indebtedness, obligations
or Investment (or Restricted Payment) denominated in a currency other than US Dollars, no Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of exchange occurring after the time such Indebtedness or Investment is
incurred or made; provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.09 shall otherwise apply to such Article and such Sections, including with respect to determining whether any Indebtedness or
Investment (not previously incurred or made on any date) may be incurred or made under such Article and such Sections. 

Section 1.10. Approved Alternate L/C Currencies. (a) The Borrower may from time to time request that Letters of Credit
be issued in an Approved Alternate L/C Currency (subject to the approval of the relevant Issuing Bank); provided, that such requested currency is a lawful currency that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into US
Dollars. Any such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the relevant Issuing Bank thereof. The relevant Issuing Bank shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 1:00 p.m., 10
Business Days after receipt of such request whether it consents to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency. Any failure by the relevant Issuing Bank to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding
sentence shall be deemed to be a refusal by the relevant Issuing Bank to permit Letters of Credit to be issued in such requested currency. If the relevant Issuing Bank consents to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency, the
Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Approved Alternate L/C Currency hereunder for the purposes of any Letter of Credit issuances by such Issuing Bank. If the
relevant Issuing Bank does not consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.10, the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Borrower. 

(b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from
time to time specify with the Borrowers consent to appropriately reflect a change in currency of any country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to such change in currency. 

Section 1.11. Certain Calculations. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, but subject to Section 1.11(e), all financial ratios and tests
(including the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio and the amount of Consolidated Net Income and EBITDA (other than, for the
avoidance of doubt, for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow)) contained in this Agreement that are calculated with respect to any Test Period during which any Subject Transaction occurs shall be calculated with respect to such Test Period and
such Subject Transaction on a Pro Forma Basis. Further, if since the beginning of any such Test Period and on or prior to the date of any required calculation of any financial ratio or test (i) any Subject Transaction has occurred or
(ii) any Person that subsequently became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any joint venture since the beginning of such Test Period has
consummated any Subject Transaction, then, in each case, any applicable financial ratio or test shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for such Test Period 

82 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 1.11, when
calculating any ratio or test for purposes of (i) the definition of Applicable Percentage and (ii) the financial covenant under Section 6.10 (other than for the purposes of determining pro forma compliance with such
financial covenant), any Subject Transaction that occurred subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period shall not be given pro forma effect. 

(c) For purposes of this Section 1.11, whenever pro forma effect is to be given to any Investment, acquisition,
disposition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, discontinued operation, operational change or designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with
Section 5.10, the pro forma calculations shall be made in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Borrower. Any such pro forma calculation may include adjustments of the type described in
clause (a)(xi) and/or clause (b) of the definition of EBITDA. 

(d) For purposes of determining
whether the incurrence, issuance or making of any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock, Preferred Stock, Capital Stock, Restricted Payment, Investment, acquisition, disposition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, discontinued operation, operational
change or designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with Section 5.10 is permitted hereunder, EBITDA and/or Total Assets shall be
determined as of the most recently ended Test Period at the time such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock, Preferred Stock, Capital Stock, Restricted Payment, Investment, acquisition, disposition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, discontinued
operation, operational change or designation is incurred, issued or made, and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in EBITDA and/or Total Assets occurring after the time such Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock, Preferred Stock, Capital Stock, Restricted Payment, Investment, acquisition, disposition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, discontinued operation, operational change or designation is incurred, issued or made. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or any other Loan Document, at the Borrowers option, the Consolidated First
Lien Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio and any cap expressed as a percentage of EBITDA, Consolidated Net Income, Excess Cash Flow or Total Assets (or
any analogous metric) shall be determined and the accuracy of any representation and/or warranty and any default or Event of Default blocker may be tested, in each case, at the election of the Borrower: 

(i) with respect to any Limited Condition Acquisition only (including with respect to any Indebtedness contemplated or
incurred in connection therewith and/or any related designation of any subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary), on (x) the date of the execution of the definitive agreement with respect to such acquisition or
Investment, (y) in connection with an acquisition to which the United Kingdom City Code or Takeover and Mergers (or any comparable Requirement of Law) applies, the date on which a Rule 2.7 announcement of a firm intention to make an
offer in respect of the target of an acquisition (or equivalent notice under comparable Requirements of Law) is made or (z) the date of the consummation of such acquisition or Investment, 

(ii) in the case of any Restricted Dividend Payment (including with respect to any Indebtedness contemplated or incurred
in connection therewith), at the time of (or on the basis of the financial statements for the most recently ended Test Period at the time of) (x) the declaration of such Restricted Dividend Payment (so long as such Restricted Dividend Payment
is actually made within 90 days following the date of declaration) or (y) the making of such Restricted Payment, 

(iii) in the case of any Restricted Debt Payment (including with respect to any Indebtedness contemplated or incurred in
connection therewith), at the time of (or on the basis of the financial statements for the most recently ended Test Period at the time of) (x) delivery of irrevocable (which may be conditional) notice with respect to such Restricted Debt
Payment or (y) the making of such Restricted Debt Payment and/or 

83 

(iv) in the case in the case of any fundamental change or disposition
(including with respect to any Indebtedness contemplated or incurred in connection therewith and/or any related designation of any subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary), at the time of (or on the basis of the financial
statements for the most recently ended Test Period at the time of) either (x) the execution of the definitive agreement with respect thereto, (y) in connection with a disposition to which the United Kingdom City Code or Takeover and
Mergers (or any comparable Requirement of Law) applies, the date on which a Rule 2.7 announcement of a firm intention to make an offer in respect of the target (or equivalent notice under comparable Requirements of Law) is made or
(z) the consummation of such fundamental change or disposition. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein
or in any other Loan Document, if the Borrower has elected to determine the permissibility of any transaction pursuant to Sections 1.11(e)(i)(x) or (y), Section 1.11(e)(ii)(x), Section 1.11(e)(iii)(x) or
Section 1.11(e)(iv)(x) or (y) to the extent that the definitive documents in respect thereof have been executed, the Restricted Payment has been declared or notice with respect to the relevant Restricted Debt Payment has been
delivered, as applicable, for purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event that requires a calculation of any financial ratio or test (including Section 6.10, any Consolidated First Lien Leverage
Ratio test, any Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio test, any Consolidated Leverage Ratio test, any Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio test and/or the amount of Consolidated Net Income and/or EBITDA) after the date on which such definitive
documents were executed, such Restricted Payment was declared or delivery of notice with respect to such Restricted Debt Payment has been delivered and until the date on which the relevant transaction is consummated, such definitive documents have
terminated or expired or the relevant declaration or notice has been revoked, as applicable, such calculation shall give effect, on a Pro Forma Basis, to any other Subject Transaction that the Borrower has elected to treat in accordance with
Sections 1.11(e)(i)(x) or (y), Section 1.11(e)(ii)(x), Section 1.11(e)(iii)(x) and/or Section 1.11(e)(iv)(x) or (y), as applicable; it being understood that, in such event, any calculation of
the Interest Coverage Ratio shall, with respect to any Indebtedness relating to any such transaction that has not yet been incurred, assume the indicative interest rate margin contained in any financing commitment documentation with respect to such
Indebtedness or, if no such indicative interest margin exists, such other interest rate as the Borrower may determine in good faith. 

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any amount incurred (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
Revolving Loans or other revolving indebtedness) or transaction entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement that does not require compliance with a financial ratio or test (including, without limitation,
Section 6.10, the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio or the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio) (any such amount, including any amount expressed as a
percentage of Consolidated Net Income and/or EBITDA and including, in all cases, the Restricted Payment Applicable Amount, a Fixed Amount) substantially concurrently with any amount incurred or transaction entered into (or
consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement that requires compliance with a financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, Section 6.10, the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Secured Leverage
Ratio, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio or the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio) (any such amount, an Incurrence-Based Amount), it is understood and agreed that any Fixed Amount shall be disregarded in the substantially
concurrent calculation of the financial ratio or test applicable to the relevant Incurrence-Based Amount, except that pro forma effect shall be given to any increase or decrease in EBITDA, Consolidated Net Income and/or any relevant other metric
resulting from the entire transaction and thereafter, the incurrence of any such amount under the Fixed Amount shall be included in the calculation of future Incurrence-Based Amounts to the extent such amount incurred under the Fixed Amount is then
outstanding. 

(h) For purposes of the calculation of any Incurrence-Based Amount used in determining the availability of Credit
Increases, Incremental Equivalent Debt or Indebtedness incurred or issued under Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b)(xiii), cash proceeds of such Indebtedness will not be netted in determining Consolidated Indebtedness as used therein. 

84 

(i) In connection with the implementation or assumption of any revolving commitment
and/or any delayed draw commitment in reliance on any Incurrence-Based Amount (other than any Incremental Revolving Facility, which shall instead be subject to the provisions of the definition of Maximum Incremental Amount), the Borrower
may, in its sole discretion, elect, by written notice to the Administrative Agent (a Specified Commitment Notice), to either (a) treat all or any portion of such revolving commitment and/or delayed draw commitment as having
been fully drawn on the date of implementation or assumption (such commitment (or portion thereof), a Specified Commitment), in which case (i) the Borrower shall not be required to comply with any financial ratio or test in
connection with any drawing thereunder after the date of incurrence or assumption and (ii) other than for purposes of (A) the Applicable Percentage, (B) the Commitment Fee Rate, (C) the ECF Percentage, (D) the Required Net
Proceeds Percentage and/or (E) actual compliance with Section 6.10, the amount of such Specified Commitment shall be deemed to have been an actual incurrence of Indebtedness thereunder on the date of implementation or assumption for
purposes of calculating any Incurrence-Based Amount or (b) test the permissibility of all or any portion of any drawing under such revolving commitment and/or delayed draw commitment on the date of such drawing (if any), in which case, such
revolving commitment and/or delayed draw commitment (or portion thereof) shall only be treated as drawn for purposes of any Incurrence-Based Amount to the extent of any actual drawing thereunder that is outstanding at the applicable time of
determination. It is understood and agreed that the Borrower may, at any time in its sole discretion, (x) deliver a Specified Commitment Notice with respect to any revolving commitment and/or delayed draw commitment and/or (y) withdraw any
Specified Commitment Notice with respect to all or any portion of any revolving commitment and/or delayed draw commitment and instead elect to treat such revolving commitment and/or delayed draw commitment in accordance with clause
(a) or (b) of the immediately preceding sentence. 

(j) With respect to any pro forma calculation that is
required to be made in connection with any acquisition or similar Investment in respect of which financial statements for the applicable target are not available for the same Test Period for which financial statements of the Borrower are available,
the Borrower shall make the relevant calculation on the basis of the relevant available financial statements (even if for differing periods) or such other commercially reasonable basis as the Borrower may elect. 

Section 1.12. Benchmark Replacement Setting. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Hedge Agreement shall be deemed not to be a
Loan Document for purposes of this Section 1.12), if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark,
then (i) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for
all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and
(ii) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all
purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without
any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from
Lenders comprising the Required Lenders of each affected Class. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other
Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to 

85 

time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without
any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(c) The Administrative Agent will
promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes,
(iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (e) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made
by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 1.12, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event,
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this
Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 1.12 and/or any component definition used herein 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such
rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that
any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or
non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or
(B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period
for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(e) Upon the Borrowers receipt
of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a SOFR Borrowing, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period
and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for a SOFR Borrowing into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to an ABR Borrowing. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the
then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any SOFR Loan is outstanding
on the date of the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to Adjusted Term SOFR applicable to such SOFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to
this Section 1.12, any SOFR Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan on such day. 

(f) The interest rate on a Loan denominated in US Dollar may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is,
or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, this Section 1.12 provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. Without limiting the express
terms hereof, he Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this
Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be
similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The

86 

Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative,
successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable
discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or
any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any
error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) by any such information source or service. It is understood and agreed that this Section 1.12(f) shall not impair or otherwise limit the express provisions of this Agreement.

Section 1.13. Canadian Benchmark Replacement Setting. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other
Loan Document: 

(a) Canadian Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan
Document (and any Hedge Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 1.13), if a Canadian Benchmark Transition Event and its related Canadian Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior
any setting of the then-current Canadian Benchmark, then (i) if a Canadian Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Canadian Benchmark Replacement for such Canadian Benchmark
Replacement Date, such Canadian Benchmark Replacement will replace such Canadian Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Canadian Benchmark setting and subsequent Canadian Benchmark settings without any
amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (ii) if a Canadian Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Canadian
Benchmark Replacement for such Canadian Benchmark Replacement Date, such Canadian Benchmark Replacement will replace such Canadian Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after
5:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Canadian Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any
other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Canadian Benchmark Replacement from Revolving Credit Lenders comprising the Required Revolving Lenders. 

(b) Canadian Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of
a Canadian Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Canadian Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such
Canadian Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except in each case as expressly provided in this Section 1.13 or any component
definition used herein. 

(c) Notices; Standard for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly
notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Canadian Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Canadian Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a
Canadian Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Canadian Benchmark pursuant to Section 1.13(d) and (y) the commencement of any Canadian
Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 1.13 including any determination with
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may
be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 1.13 and/or any component definition used
herein 

87 

(d) Unavailability of Tenor of Canadian Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Canadian Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Canadian Benchmark is a term rate (including Term CORRA) and either
(A) any tenor for such Canadian Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory
supervisor for the administrator of such Canadian Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Canadian Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may
modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Canadian Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed
pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Canadian Benchmark (including a Canadian Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an
announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Canadian Benchmark (including a Canadian Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous
definition) for all Canadian Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(e) Canadian
Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Canadian Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of
Loans, which are of the Type that have a rate of interest determined by reference to the then-current Canadian Benchmark, to be made, converted or continued during any Canadian Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be
deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Canadian Prime Rate Loans. Furthermore, if any CORRA Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a
Canadian Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to Adjusted Term CORRA applicable to such CORRA Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 1.13, any CORRA Loan shall on the last
day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute a Canadian Prime Rate Loan on such day. 

Section 1.14. Certain Matters. 

(a) It is understood and agreed that (i) with respect to any Default or Event of Default, the words exists, is
continuing or any similar expression with respect thereto shall mean that the Default or Event of Default has occurred and has not yet been cured or waived; (ii) if any Default or Event of Default occurs due to (A) the failure by the
Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary to take any action by a specified time, such Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have been cured at the time, if any, that the applicable Person takes such action or (B) the taking of any
action by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not then permitted by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, such Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to be cured on the earlier to occur of (1) the date
on which such action would be permitted at such time to be taken under this Agreement and (2) the date on which such action is unwound or modified to the extent necessary so that the modified action is permitted by this Agreement or the other
relevant Loan Document; and (iii) if any Default or Event of Default occurs that is subsequently cured (a Cured Default), any other Default or Event of Default resulting from the making or deemed making of any representation
or warranty by any Loan Party or the taking of any action by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party, in each case which subsequent Default or Event of Default would not have arisen had the Cured Default not occurred, shall be deemed to
be cured automatically upon, and simultaneously with, the cure of the Cured Default; provided that, in the case of clauses (ii)(B) and (iii) above, such deemed cure shall only apply to the extent that a Responsible Officer of the Borrower was
not aware of the existence of (x) in the case of clause (ii)(B), any such Default or Event of Default so deemed to be cured at the time of the taking of the relevant action and (y) in the case of clause (iii), the Cured Default that caused
the relevant subsequent Default or Event of Default to arise at the time of the making or deemed making of the relevant representation or warranty or the taking of the relevant action. 

88 

(b) It is understood that any time period set forth in this Agreement to cure any
Default or Event of Default may be extended or stayed by a court of competent jurisdiction to the extent the relevant Default or Event of Default is the subject of litigation. 

(c) It is understood and agreed that the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary may incur Indebtedness permitted under any provision
of Section 6.01 to refinance Indebtedness originally incurred under the same provision of Section 6.01 while the Indebtedness being refinanced remains outstanding so long as the proceeds of the applicable refinancing
Indebtedness are promptly deposited with the trustee or other applicable representative of the holders of the Indebtedness being refinanced, which proceeds will be applied to satisfy and discharge the Indebtedness being refinanced in accordance with
the documentation governing such Indebtedness. 

(d) Any determination of the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Indebtedness
shall be made by the Borrower in good faith at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein, in any other Loan Document and/or in Exhibits E or F attached hereto, any intercreditor agreement in the form of Exhibits H-1 or H-2 attached hereto (without any material change thereto) shall
be deemed to have become effective upon the execution of such intercreditor agreement by (i) the relevant Loan Parties and (ii) the holders of the Indebtedness (or a representative therefor) that is required to be (or the Liens securing
which are required to be) subject thereto, and each Secured Party, by accepting the benefits hereof, hereby acknowledges that any such intercreditor agreement so executed shall constitute an Intercreditor Agreement in effect for all purposes under
the Loan Documents until the termination thereof in accordance with its terms. 

(f) [Reserved]. 

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, if, after delivery of any Pricing
Certificate, it is subsequently determined that the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio set forth in such Compliance Certificate is inaccurate for any reason and the result of such inaccuracy is that the Lenders received any amount of interest or
any fee for any relevant period based on an Applicable Percentage or payment of principal based on the Required Net Proceeds Percentage or ECF Percentage that is greater than or less than the amount that would have applied if the First Lien Leverage
Ratio set forth in such Pricing Certificate had been accurately reported, then, for all purposes under this Agreement, (i) in the case of the Applicable Percentage, the Applicable Percentage for each day during the relevant period shall be
revised to be based upon the accurately determined Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio and, in such event, any shortfall in the amount of any applicable interest payment shall be due and payable within five Business Days following the date
on which the Borrower becomes aware of the relevant inaccuracy and (ii) in the case of the Required Net Proceeds Percentage or the ECF Percentage, any shortfall in the amount of any applicable principal payment shall be due and payable within
five Business Days following the date on which the Borrower becomes aware of the relevant inaccuracy. In the event that (A) any inaccuracy in the calculation of the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio resulted in a shortfall in the amount of
any required interest or principal payment and (B) such inaccuracy resulted from a good faith mistake on the part of the Borrower in the preparation of such calculation, no Default or Event of Default shall arise under this Agreement with
respect thereto unless the relevant amount has not been paid within the period described in the preceding sentence. 

(h) It is
understood and agreed for the avoidance of doubt that the carve-outs from the provisions of Article VI may include items or activities that are not restricted by the relevant provision and the inclusion of such item or activity shall not be
construed to expand the scope of Article VI. 

89 

(i) With respect to determination of the permissibility of any transaction by
Holdings, the Borrower and/or any subsidiary under this Agreement, (i) the delivery by the Borrower of a third party valuation report from (A) a nationally recognized accounting, appraisal, investment banking or consulting firm or
(B) another firm reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in each case, shall be conclusive with respect to the value of the assets covered thereby and (ii) any determination of whether an action is taken in the ordinary
course of business or in a manner consistent with past practice (or, in either case, any similar expression) shall be made by the Borrower in good faith. 

Section 1.15. Conflicts. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, in the
event of any conflict or inconsistency between any term or provision of this Agreement (excluding the Exhibits hereto) and any term or provision of any Exhibit to this Agreement, the term or provision of this Agreement shall govern, and the Borrower
shall be entitled to make such revisions to the relevant term or provision of the applicable Exhibit to ensure that such term or provision is consistent with the corresponding term or provision of this Agreement. 

Section 1.16. Confidentiality, Privilege, Etc. Notwithstanding any obligation to provide information under any Loan Document
or allow the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any third party to access or inspect the books and records of the Borrower or its subsidiaries or otherwise as set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, none of the Borrower nor any of
its subsidiaries will be required to disclose or permit the inspection or discussion of, any document, information or other matter (a) that constitutes a non-financial trade secret or non-financial proprietary information of any Person,
(b) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective Representatives) is prohibited by applicable law, (c) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney
work product, (d) in respect of which the Borrower and/or any of its subsidiaries owes confidentiality obligations to any Person (provided, that such confidentiality obligations were not entered into in contemplation of the requirements
of the Loan Documents) and/or (e) that relates to any investigation by any Governmental Authority if (i) such information is identifiable to a particular individual and the Borrower determines in good faith that such information should
remain confidential or (ii) the information requested is not factual in nature; provided, that in the event that such information has not been provided in reliance on clauses (c), (d) or (e) above,
notice that information is being withheld on such basis must be provided to the Administrative Agent. 

Section 1.17. Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division
under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be
deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the
holders of its Capital Stock at such time. 

ARTICLE II 

The Credits

Section 2.01. Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein: 

(a) Each Initial Term Lender agrees severally, and not jointly, on the Effective Date, to make term loans to the Borrower (the
Initial Term Loans) in US Dollars and in a like principal amount not to exceed its Initial Term Loan Commitment. 

(b)Each First Amendment Refinancing Term Lender agrees severally, and not jointly, on the First Amendment Effective Date, to
make the First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans to the Borrower in US Dollars and in a like principal amount equal to its First Amendment Refinancing Term Loan Commitment in accordance with the terms and conditions of the First Amendment.

90 

(c)(b) Subject to the terms and conditions herein
set forth, each Revolving Credit Lender with a Revolving Credit Commitment of a particular Class agrees, severally and not jointly, to make Revolving Loans of such Class to the Borrower in the Available Currency requested by the Borrower, at any
time and from time to time after the Effective Date, and until the earlier of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date with respect to its Revolving Credit Commitment and the termination of such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class in
accordance with the terms hereof, in an aggregate Principal Amount at any time outstanding that will not, after giving effect to the making of such Revolving Credit Loans and the application of the proceeds thereof, result in such Lenders
Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment. Within the limits set forth in the preceding sentence and subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, pay or prepay
and reborrow Revolving Loans. 

(d) (c) Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 

Section 2.02. Loans. (a) Each Loan (other than Swingline Loans) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of
Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their applicable Commitments; provided, however, that the failure of any Lender to make any Loan shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation to lend hereunder (it being
understood, however, that no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make any Loan required to be made by such other Lender). For the avoidance of doubt, all Revolving Loans made and other Revolving Credit Exposure
incurred under the Revolving Credit Facility will be made or incurred, as applicable, by all Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Percentages until the Revolving Credit Maturity Date for the relevant Class of Revolving Credit
Commitments (or, if earlier, the date of the termination of the relevant Class of Revolving Credit Commitments in accordance with the terms hereof); thereafter, all Revolving Loans made and other Revolving Credit Exposure incurred under the
Revolving Credit Facility will be made by the remaining Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Percentages (after giving effect to the termination of Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class on the applicable Revolving Credit
Maturity Date or otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Agreement). Except for Loans deemed made pursuant to Section 2.02(g) and subject to Section 2.23, the Loans comprising any Borrowing shall be in an aggregate
principal amount that is not less than (i) the Minimum Applicable Borrowing Amount for such Loans or (ii) the remaining available balance of the applicable Commitments. 

(b) Subject to Sections 2.02(g), 2.08 and 2.16, each Borrowing shall (i) be comprised entirely of (x) in
the case of US Dollar-Denominated Loans, ABR Loans or SOFR Loans, (y) in the case of Canadian Dollar-Denominated Loans, Canadian Prime Rate Loans or CORRA Loans (provided, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Borrowings
in the form of CORRA Loans will not be available to the Borrower until the Administrative Agent has provided notice to the Borrower that it is able to access Term CORRA (which the Administrative Agent hereby agrees to do promptly upon becoming able
to access Term CORRA) and prior to such date, any request for, or conversion to, a CORRA Borrowing shall be deemed to be a request for, or conversion to, a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing) or (z) in the case of Alternate Currency-Denominated
Loans, EURIBOR Loans or SONIA Loans, in each case as the Borrower may request pursuant to Section 2.03. Each Lender may at its option make any SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan, SONIA Loan or CORRA Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or
Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided, that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Borrowings of more than one Type may be
outstanding at the same time; provided, however, that the Borrower shall not be entitled to request any Borrowing that, if made, would result in more than (x) ten SOFR Borrowings (or such greater number as the Administrative Agent
may agree in its sole discretion) outstanding hereunder at any time, (y) ten EURIBOR Borrowings (or such greater number as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) outstanding hereunder at any time and (z) five CORRA
Borrowings (or such greater number as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable sole discretion) outstanding hereunder at any time. 

(c) Except with respect to Loans deemed made pursuant to Section 2.02(g) and, if applicable, Section 2.27, and
subject to Sections 2.03 and 2.23, each Lender shall make each Loan to be made 

91 

by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds in the Applicable Currency to the applicable Payment Office of the Administrative Agent not later than
3:00 p.m., and the Administrative Agent shall promptly credit the amounts so received to an account designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request or, if a Borrowing shall not occur on such date because any condition precedent herein
specified shall not have been met, return the amounts so received to the respective Lenders. 

(d) Unless the Administrative Agent
shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders portion of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has
made such portion available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with paragraph (c) above and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower on such date
a corresponding amount. If the Administrative Agent shall have so made funds available then, to the extent that such Lender shall not have made such portion available to the Administrative Agent, such Lender and the Borrower agrees to repay to the
Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent
at (i) in the case of the Borrower, a rate per annum equal to the interest rate applicable to the Loans comprising such Borrowing at the time and (ii) in the case of such Lender, (x) for the first such day, the Overnight Rate and
(y) for each day thereafter, (A) in the case of US Dollar-Denominated Loans, the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Percentage for ABR Revolving Loans comprising such Borrowing, (B) in the case of Canadian
Dollar-Denominated Loans, the Canadian Prime Rate plus the Applicable Percentage for Canadian Prime Rate Revolving Loans comprising such Borrowing and (C) in the case of any other Alternate Currency-Denominated Loans, the rate per annum
equal to the interest rate applicable to the Alternate Currency-Denominated Loans comprising such Borrowing made to the Borrower. If such Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount shall constitute such
Lenders Loan as part of such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement and (x) the Borrowers obligation to repay the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount pursuant to this Section 2.02(d) shall cease and
(y) if the Borrower pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, the amount so paid shall constitute a repayment of such Borrowing by such amount. 

(e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request any SOFR Borrowing, EURIBOR
Borrowing or CORRA Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date applicable to the Loans comprising such SOFR Borrowing, EURIBOR Borrowing or CORRA Borrowing, as applicable. 

(f) [Reserved]. 

(g) If the relevant Issuing Bank shall not have received from the Borrower the payment required to be made by
Section 2.25(e) within the time specified in such Section, such Issuing Bank will promptly notify the Administrative Agent of the L/C Disbursement and the Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Revolving Credit Lender of such L/C
Disbursement and its Pro Rata Percentage thereof. Each Revolving Credit Lender shall pay by wire transfer of immediately available funds in the Applicable Currency to the Administrative Agent not later than 3:00 p.m. on such date (or, if such
Revolving Credit Lender shall have received such notice later than 12:00 (noon) on any day, not later than 10:00 a.m. on the immediately following Business Day), an amount equal to such Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of such L/C Disbursement as
determined above (it being understood that such amount shall be deemed to constitute a Revolving Loan of such Lender and such payment shall be deemed to have reduced the L/C Exposure), and the Administrative Agent will promptly pay to the relevant
Issuing Bank amounts so received by it from the Revolving Credit Lenders. The Administrative Agent will promptly pay to the relevant Issuing Bank any amounts received by it from the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.25(e) prior to the time
that any Revolving Credit Lender makes any payment pursuant to this paragraph (g); any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent thereafter will be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Credit Lenders that
shall have made such payments and to such Issuing Bank, as their interests may appear. If any Revolving Credit Lender shall not have made its Pro Rata Percentage of such L/C Disbursement available to the Administrative Agent as provided above,

92 

such Lender and the Borrower agree to pay interest on such amount, for each day from and including the date such amount is required to be paid in accordance with this paragraph to but excluding
the date such amount is paid, to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant Issuing Bank at (i) in the case of the Borrower, (A) if such L/C Disbursement is payable in US Dollars, a rate per annum equal to the interest rate
applicable to the Revolving Loans of the relevant Class pursuant to Section 2.06(a), (B) if such L/C Disbursement is payable in Canadian Dollars, a rate per annum equal to the interest rate applicable to the Revolving Loans of the
relevant Class pursuant to Section 2.06(b), and (C) if such L/C Disbursement is payable in any other Alternate Currency, a rate per annum equal to the Overnight Rate and (ii) in the case of such Lender, (A) if such L/C
Disbursement is payable in US Dollars, for the first such day, the Overnight Rate and for each day thereafter, the interest rate applicable to ABR Revolving Loans of the relevant Class, and (B) if such L/C Disbursement is payable in any
Alternate Currency, for the first such day, a rate per annum equal to the Overnight Rate and, for each day thereafter, the interest rate applicable to Revolving Loans denominated in the respective Alternate Currency of the relevant Class under the
applicable clause of Section 2.06 (using, in the case of Canadian Dollar-Denominated Loans, the interest rate applicable to a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing). 

Section 2.03. Borrowing Procedure. In order to request a Borrowing (other than a Swingline Loan, pursuant to
Section 2.02(g) or, if applicable, pursuant to Section 2.26 or Section 2.27, in each case as to which this Section 2.03 shall not apply), the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such
request by telephone (a) in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m. 3 U.S. Government Securities Business Days before a proposed Borrowing, (b) in the case of a EURIBOR Borrowing or CORRA Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m.
4 Business Days before a proposed Borrowing, (c) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date of a proposed Borrowing, (d) in the case of a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m. one Business Day
prior to the date of a proposed Borrowing and (e) in the case of a SONIA Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m. three Business Days prior to the date of a proposed Borrowing. Each such telephonic request shall be irrevocable, shall be confirmed
promptly by hand delivery or fax to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request and shall specify the following information: (i) the relevant Class of such Borrowing and whether such Borrowing is to be a SOFR Borrowing, a EURIBOR
Borrowing, a SONIA Borrowing, an ABR Borrowing, a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing or a CORRA Borrowing; (ii) the date of such Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day); (iii) the number and location of the account to which funds are to be
disbursed; (iv) the amount of such Borrowing (stated in the relevant Available Currency); and (v) if such Borrowing is to be a SOFR Borrowing, EURIBOR Borrowing or a CORRA Borrowing, the Interest Period with respect thereto; provided,
however, that notwithstanding any contrary specification in any Borrowing Request, each requested Borrowing shall comply with the requirements set forth in Section 2.02; it being understood and agreed that in order to request a
Borrowing pursuant this Section 2.03, the Borrower needs only have delivered a written Borrowing Request. Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.10(b), if no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified in any such
notice, then the requested Borrowing shall be (i) in the case of US Dollar-Denominated Loans, an ABR Borrowing and (ii) in the case of Canadian Dollar-Denominated Loans, a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing. If no Interest Period with respect
to any SOFR Borrowing, EURIBOR Borrowing or CORRA Borrowing is specified in any such notice, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of 1 months duration. A Borrowing denominated in Sterling shall at all times be
a SONIA Borrowing (subject to the last sentence of the definition of Daily Simple SONIA). A Borrowing denominated in Euro shall at all times be a EURIBOR Borrowing (subject to clause (b) of the definition of EURIBOR
Rate). The Administrative Agent shall promptly advise the applicable Lenders of any notice given pursuant to this Section 2.03 (and the contents thereof), and of each Lenders portion of the requested Borrowing. 

Section 2.04. Evidence of Debt; Repayment of Loans. (a) (i) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to
the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term Lender, the principal amount of each Term Loan of such Lender as provided in Section 2.11, and (ii) the Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative
Agent for the account of each Lender, on the relevant Revolving Credit Maturity Date for any Class of Revolving Credit Commitments (and related Revolving Credit Exposure), the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan of such Class made by
such Lender to the Borrower. The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the applicable Swingline Lender, on the date upon which the Swingline Commitment of such Swingline Lender terminates, the then unpaid principal amount of each
Swingline Loan made to the Borrower by such Swingline Lender. 

93 

(b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or
accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time under this
Agreement. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it will record (i) the Borrower, (ii) the
principal amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Series, the Class and Type thereof and, if applicable, the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the
Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iv) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder from the Borrower or any Guarantor and each Lenders share thereof. 

(d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraphs (b) and (c) above shall be prima
facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations therein recorded; provided, however, that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner
affect the obligations of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(e) Any Lender may
request that Loans made by it hereunder be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender and its permitted registered assigns in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the event any Lender shall request and receive such a promissory note, the interests represented by such note shall at all times (including
after any assignment of all or part of such interests pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes payable to the payee named therein or its registered assigns. If any Lender loses the original copy of its
promissory note, it shall execute an affidavit of loss containing an indemnification provision that is reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower. The obligation of each Lender to execute and deliver an affidavit of loss containing an indemnification
provision that is reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower shall survive the Termination Date. 

Section 2.05. Fees.
(a) The Borrower agrees to pay, with respect to each Class of Revolving Credit Commitments, to each Revolving Credit Lender of such Class, through the Administrative Agent, on the last day of March, June, September and December of each year
(commencing with the first such date to occur after the first full fiscal quarter to elapse after the Effective Date) and on each date on which the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class of such Lender shall expire or be terminated as provided
herein, a commitment fee (a Commitment Fee) equal to the Applicable Percentage per annum for such Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class of such Lender on the daily amount of the relevant Unused Revolving Credit Commitment of
such Class of such Lender during the preceding quarter (or other period ending with the date on which the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class of such Lender shall be terminated); provided, that any Commitment Fee accrued with respect to
the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class of a Defaulting Lender during the period prior to the time such Lender became a Defaulting Lender and unpaid at such time shall not be payable by the Borrower so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting
Lender, except to the extent that such Commitment Fee shall otherwise have been due and payable by the Borrower prior to such time; and provided, further, that no Commitment Fee shall accrue on the Revolving Credit Commitment of such
Class of a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender. For purposes of calculating the Commitment Fee only, no portion of the Revolving Credit Commitments shall be deemed utilized as a result of outstanding Swingline
Loans. 

(b) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, the annual administrative fee
set forth in the Agency Fee Letter at the times and in the amounts specified therein (the Administration Fee). 

94 

(c) The Borrower agrees to pay, with respect to each Class of Revolving Credit
Commitments (i) to each Revolving Credit Lender, through the Administrative Agent, on the fifteenth day following the last day of March, June, September and December of each year (commencing with the first such date to occur after the first
full fiscal quarter to elapse after the Effective Date) and on the date on which the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class of such Lender shall be terminated as provided herein, a fee (each, an L/C Participation Fee)
calculated on such Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of the daily aggregate Stated Amounts of all outstanding Letters of Credit during the preceding quarter (or shorter period ending with the date on which all Letters of Credit have been canceled or
have expired and all of the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class shall have been terminated) at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Percentage for the relevant Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class of such Lender from time to time
used to determine the interest rate on Term SOFR Revolving Credit Borrowings for such Lender minus the Issuing Bank Fees referred to in clause (ii)(A) below, and (ii) to each Issuing Bank (A) with respect to each outstanding
Letter of Credit a fronting fee that shall accrue at a rate of 0.125% per annum (or such lesser rate as shall be separately agreed upon between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank) on the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit, payable quarterly
in arrears on the fifteenth day following the last day of March, June, September and December of each year (commencing with the first such date to occur after the first full fiscal quarter to elapse after the Effective Date) and upon expiration of
the applicable Letter of Credit or any earlier termination of all of the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class and (B) within 30 days after demand therefor such Issuing Banks standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment,
renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank or processing of drawings thereunder (the fees in this clause (ii) being collectively the Issuing Bank Fees). 

(d) At the time of the effectiveness of any Repricing Transaction with respect to InitialFirst Amendment
Refinancing Term Loans that is consummated prior to the date which is six months after the
First Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower agrees to pay
to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each Term Lender that holds InitialFirst Amendment Refinancing Term Loans (including each such Lender that
withholds its consent to such Repricing Transaction and is replaced as a Non-Consenting Lender under Section 2.22), a fee in an amount equal to 1.00% of (i) in the case of a Repricing Transaction described in paragraph
(a) of the definition thereof, the aggregate principal amount of all InitialFirst Amendment Refinancing Term Loans prepaid (or converted) in
connection with such Repricing Transaction and (ii) in the case of a Repricing Transaction described in paragraph (b) of the definition thereof, the aggregate principal amount of all InitialFirst Amendment
Refinancing Term Loans outstanding on such date that are subject to an Effective Yield reduction pursuant to such Repricing Transaction. Such fees shall be due and payable upon the date of the
effectiveness of such Repricing Transaction. 

(e) All Fees shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days
elapsed in a year of 360 days, and shall be paid, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, if and as appropriate, among the Lenders and the relevant Issuing Bank, except that the Issuing Bank Fees shall be paid
directly to the relevant Issuing Bank. Once paid, none of the Fees shall be refundable under any circumstances. 

(f) The Borrower
agrees to pay on the Effective Date to each Initial Term Lender party to this Agreement on the Effective Date, as fee compensation for the funding of such Initial Term Lenders Initial Term Loan, a closing fee (the Closing
Fee) in an amount equal to 0.25% of the stated principal amount of such Initial Term Lenders Initial Term Loan made on the Effective Date. Such Closing Fee will be in all respects fully earned, due and payable on the Effective Date
and non-refundable and non-creditable thereafter and shall be netted against Initial Term Loans made by such Initial Term Lender on the Effective Date. 

Section 2.06. Interest on Loans. (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.07, the Loans comprising each
ABR Borrowing, including each Swingline Loan that is a US Dollar Denominated Loan, shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Percentage in effect from time to time with respect to such
Borrowing. 

95 

(b) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.07, the Loans comprising each
Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing, including each Swingline Loan that is a Canadian Dollar Denominated Loan, shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Canadian Prime Rate plus the Applicable Percentage in effect from time to time with
respect to such Borrowing. 

(c) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.07, the Loans comprising each SOFR Borrowing
shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Percentage in effect from time to time with respect to such Borrowing. 

(d) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.07, the Loans comprising each CORRA Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per
annum equal to the Adjusted Term CORRA for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Percentage in effect from time to time with respect to such Borrowing. 

(e) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.07, the Loans comprising each EURIBOR Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per
annum equal to the Adjusted EURIBO Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Percentage in effect from time to time with respect to such Borrowing. 

(f) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.07, the Loans comprising each SONIA Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per
annum equal to Daily Simple SONIA in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Percentage in effect from time to time with respect to such Borrowing. 

(g) Interest, including interest payable pursuant to Section 2.07, shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of
days elapsed over a year of 360 days (or, when interest is based on (i) the Canadian Prime Rate or the Alternate Base Rate is determined by reference to the US Prime Rate or (ii) Daily Simple SONIA, over a year of 365 or 366 days, as
applicable) and shall be calculated from and including the date of the relevant Borrowing to, but excluding, the date of repayment thereof. Interest on each Loan shall be payable on the Interest Payment Dates applicable to such Loan, except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement. The applicable Daily Simple SONIA, Alternate Base Rate, Canadian Prime Rate, Adjusted Term CORRA, Adjusted EURIBO Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR for each Interest Period or day within an Interest Period, as the case
may be, shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(h) For
purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), (i) whenever any interest or fee under this Agreement is calculated using a rate based on a year of 360 days or 365 days, as the case may be, the rate determined pursuant to such calculation, when
expressed as an annual rate, is equivalent to (x) the applicable rate based on a year of 360 days or 365 days, as the case may be, (y) multiplied by the actual number of days in the calendar year in which such annual rate is to be
ascertained, and (z) divided by 360 or 365, as the case may be; (ii) the principle of deemed reinvestment of interest does not apply to any interest calculation under this Agreement; and (iii) the rates of interest stipulated in this
Agreement are intended to be nominal rates and not effective rates or yields. 

Section 2.07. Default Interest. If a
Default or Event of Default is continuing as a result of a default by the Borrower in the payment when due of any principal of or interest on any Loan or reimbursement of any L/C Disbursement or payment of any Fee or other amount due hereunder, by
acceleration or otherwise, then, upon the request of the Required Lenders, until such defaulted amount shall have been paid in full, to the extent permitted by law, such overdue amount shall bear interest (after as well as before judgment), payable
on demand, (a) in the case of overdue principal of, and interest or other overdue amounts owing with respect to, Loans and other amounts owing in Canadian Dollars under a given Class, at the rate otherwise applicable to a Loan under such Class
denominated in Canadian Dollars pursuant to Section 2.06(b) plus 2.0% per annum, (b) in the case of overdue principal of, and interest or other overdue amounts owing with respect to, Loans and other amounts owing in Euros or
Sterling under a given Class, at the rate otherwise applicable to a Loan under such 

96 

Class denominated in such currency pursuant to Section 2.06(e) or (f), as applicable (for such purpose using the Adjusted EURIBO Rate for successive periods not exceeding one
month as the Administrative Agent may determine from time to time in respect of amounts comparable to the amount not paid), plus 2.0% per annum and (c) in all other cases, at the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan pursuant to
Section 2.06 plus 2.0% per annum (or, if the overdue amount does not relate to any specific Class of Loans, at a rate per annum equal to the rate that would be applicable to an ABR Initial Revolving Loan plus 2.0% per
annum (without regard to whether Initial Revolving Loans have been repaid in full)). 

Section 2.08. Alternate Rate of
Interest. Subject to Sections 1.12 and 1.13, in the event, and on each occasion, that on the day 2 Business Days prior to (x) the commencement of any Interest Period for a SOFR Borrowing, EURIBOR Borrowing or a CORRA Borrowing
or (y) the SONIA Interest Day for a SONIA Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall have reasonably determined (A) with respect to any EURIBOR Borrowing, that deposits in Euros in the principal amounts of the Loans comprising such
Borrowing are not generally available in the relevant interbank market, or, with respect to any SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or CORRA Loan, that the rates at which deposits in the Applicable Currency are being offered in the relevant interbank market
will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to any participating Lender of making or maintaining its SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or CORRA Loan, as applicable, during such Interest Period, or that reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining
Adjusted Term SOFR, Adjusted EURIBO Rate or Adjusted Term CORRA, as applicable, for such Interest Period or (B) with respect to any SONIA Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining Daily Simple SONIA, then in
each case, the Administrative Agent shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, give written or fax notice of such determination to the Borrower and the Lenders. In the event of any such determination, until the Administrative Agent shall have advised
the Borrower and the participating Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist (which the Administrative Agent agrees to give promptly after such circumstances no longer exist), any request by the Borrower for
(a) the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a SOFR Borrowing, EURIBOR Borrowing or CORRA Borrowing, as applicable, shall be ineffective and such Borrowing shall be converted (i) in the case of US
Dollar-Dominated Loans, to an ABR Borrowing, (ii) in the case of Canadian Dollar-Denominated Loans, to a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing or (iii) in the case Alternate Currency-Denominated Loans, to a mutually acceptable alternative rate
that the Borrower and the Revolving Credit Lenders shall establish; provided, that if no such alternative rate is agreed among the Borrower and the Revolving Credit Lenders, such Alternate Currency-Denominated Loans shall be converted into
ABR Borrowings denominated in US Dollar (in an amount equal to the US Dollar Equivalent of such Alternate Currency) and (b) if any Borrowing Request requests a SOFR Borrowing, EURIBOR Borrowing, CORRA Borrowing or SONIA Borrowing, such
Borrowing shall be made as (i) in the case of US Dollar-Dominated Loans, an ABR Borrowing, (ii) in the case of Canadian Dollar-Denominated Loans, a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing or (iii) in the case of Alternate Currency-Denominated
Loans, as a Loan bearing interest at a mutually acceptable alternative rate that the Borrower and the Revolving Credit Lenders shall establish; provided, that if no such alternative rate is agreed among the Borrower and the Revolving Credit
Lenders, such Borrowing Request for an Alternate Currency-Denominated Loans shall be ineffective. Each determination by the Administrative Agent under this Section 2.08 shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

Section 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments. (a) (i) (A) The Initial Term Loan Commitments shall
automatically terminate upon the making of the Initial Term Loans on the Effective Date and, (B) the First Amendment Refinancing Term Loan Commitments shall automatically terminate upon the making of the First
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans on the First Amendment Effective Date and (C) the Other Term Loan Commitments of any Class or Series shall automatically terminate upon the making of such
Other Term Loans on the applicable Refinancing Effective Date provided in the relevant Refinancing Amendment. 

(ii) On the Revolving Credit Maturity Date of any Class of Revolving Credit Commitments, such Class of Revolving Credit
Commitments will terminate and the Revolving Credit Lenders with Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class will have no further obligation to make Revolving Loans, fund its portion of L/C Disbursements pursuant to Section 2.25(d) or
purchase or fund 

97 

participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.23(e), in each case, solely in respect of such Class of Revolving Credit Commitments; provided, that (x) the
foregoing will not release any such Revolving Credit Lender from any such obligation to fund Revolving Loans, its portion of L/C Disbursements or participations in Swingline Loans that was required to be performed on or prior to the Revolving Credit
Maturity Date of such Class of Revolving Credit Commitments and (y) the foregoing will not release any such Revolving Credit Lender from any such obligation to fund its portion of L/C Disbursements or participations in Swingline Loans if on
such Revolving Credit Maturity Date any Specified Default, or event, act or condition which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a Specified Default, exists until such Specified Default or event, act or condition ceases to exist.
Unless clause (y) of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence is applicable, upon the relevant Revolving Credit Maturity Date of such Class or Series, all outstanding Swingline Loans and L/C Exposure shall be deemed to be
outstanding with respect to the remaining Revolving Credit Commitments (so long as after giving effect to such reallocation, the Revolving Credit Exposure of each remaining Revolving Credit Lender does not exceed such Lenders remaining
Revolving Credit Commitment). On and after the Revolving Credit Maturity Date of any Class of Revolving Credit Commitments, the remaining Revolving Credit Lenders (and so long as clause (y) of the proviso to the second immediately
preceding sentence is applicable, the Revolving Credit Lenders in the maturing Class) will be required, in accordance with their Pro Rata Percentages, to fund L/C Disbursements pursuant to Section 2.25(d) arising on or after such date
and fund participations in Swingline Loans at the request of the Swingline Lender on and after such date, regardless of whether any Default existed on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date of the then-terminating Revolving Credit Commitments;
provided, that the Revolving Credit Exposure of each remaining Revolving Credit Lender does not exceed such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment. In the event that a Specified Default, or event, act or condition which with notice or
lapse of time or both would constitute a Specified Default, exists on a Revolving Credit Maturity Date of a Class of Revolving Credit Commitments, until such Specified Default or event, act or condition ceases to exist, for purposes of determining a
Revolving Credit Lenders Pro Rata Percentage for purposes of its funding and/or purchase obligations under Section 2.23(e) or Section 2.25(d), such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment of the relevant Class shall
be deemed to be the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Lender immediately prior to the termination thereof on such Revolving Credit Maturity Date. 

(iii) The L/C Commitment of any Issuing Bank shall automatically terminate on the earlier to occur of (x) the date
set forth in the definition of L/C Commitment for such Issuing Bank and (y) the date five days prior to the latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date, unless otherwise agreed by such Issuing Bank and the Borrower. 

(b) Upon at least three Business Days prior written or fax notice to the Administrative Agent (or such later notice to which the
Administrative Agent may agree), the Borrower may at any time (subject to Sections 2.09(c)) in whole permanently terminate, or from time to time in part permanently reduce, any Class of the Revolving Credit Commitments or the Swingline
Commitment; provided, however, that (i) each partial reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments shall be in an integral multiple of $250,000 and in a minimum amount of $1,000,000 (and $250,000 in the case of a Swingline
Commitment) and (ii) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall not be reduced to an amount that is less than the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure then in effect (after giving effect to any repayment or prepayment effected simultaneously
therewith). Any notice given by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.09(b) shall be irrevocable; provided, that any such notice delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other
financing arrangements or other transactions or events, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. 

(c) Each reduction of Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to Section 2.09(b) shall be made ratably among all Classes of
Revolving Credit Commitments in accordance with the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Revolving Credit Lenders; provided, however, that (i) Revolving Credit Commitments of a given Class selected by the Borrower may be reduced in
connection with an exchange or conversion of such 

98 

Revolving Credit Commitments with or into a new Class of Other Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment as contemplated by Section 2.27, (ii) this
Section 2.09(c) may be modified in connection with a Refinancing Amendment or an Incremental Amendment to provide less than ratable treatment with respect to any new Class of Other Revolving Credit Commitments or Incremental Revolving
Credit Commitments as provided in Section 2.26 or 2.27, as the case may be, (iii) the Borrower may elect to reduce any newly created Class of Other Revolving Credit Commitments provided pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment
substantially concurrently with the implementation of such Class of Other Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to Section 2.27 (without any requirement to ratably reduce each other Class of Revolving Credit Commitments at such time),
and (iv) the Borrower may elect to terminate any individual Class of Revolving Credit Commitments within six months of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date of such Class of Revolving Credit Commitments, so long as any Class of Revolving Credit
Commitments with an identical Revolving Credit Maturity Date is terminated concurrently therewith. In the case of any reduction to the Revolving Credit Commitments under this Agreement, the Swingline Commitment shall not be reduced unless the Total
Revolving Credit Commitments are reduced to an amount less than the Swingline Commitment then in effect (and then only to the extent of such deficit). 

Section 2.10. Conversion and Continuation of Borrowings. The Borrower shall have the right at any time upon prior written or
fax notice (or telephone notice promptly confirmed by written or fax notice) to the Administrative Agent (a) not later than 12:00 p.m., on the date of conversion, to convert any SOFR Borrowing into an ABR Borrowing or any CORRA Borrowing into a
Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing, (b) not later than 1:00 p.m., three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to conversion or continuation, to convert any ABR Borrowing into a SOFR Borrowing or to continue any SOFR Borrowing as a SOFR
Borrowing for an additional Interest Period, (c) not later than 1:00 p.m., three Business Days prior to conversion or continuation, to convert any Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing to a CORRA Borrowing or to continue any CORRA Borrowing as a CORRA
Borrowing for an additional Interest Period or (d) not later than 1:00 p.m., three Business Days prior to continuation, to continue any EURIBOR Borrowing as a EURIBOR Borrowing for an additional Interest Period, subject in each case to the
following: 

(i) subject to Section 2.16, each conversion and/or continuation shall be made pro
rata among the relevant Lenders in accordance with the respective principal amounts of the Loans comprising the converted or continued Borrowing; 

(ii) if less than all the outstanding principal amount of any Borrowing shall be converted and/or continued, then each
resulting Borrowing shall satisfy the limitations specified in Sections 2.02(a) and 2.02(b) regarding the principal amount and maximum number of Borrowings of the relevant Type; 

(iii) each conversion shall be effected by each Lender and the Administrative Agent recording, for the account of such
relevant Lender, the Type of such Loan resulting from such conversion and reducing the Loan (or portion thereof) of such Lender being converted by an equivalent principal amount; accrued interest on any SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or CORRA Loan (or
portion thereof, in each case) being converted shall be paid by the Borrower at the time of conversion; 

(iv) if any
SOFR Borrowing, EURIBOR Borrowing or CORRA Borrowing is converted at a time other than the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, the Borrower shall pay, upon demand, any amounts due to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.17; and

(v) for the avoidance of doubt, any such conversion and/or continuation shall not constitute the repayment or
reborrowing of any particular loan and the original loan shall be considered to continue with full force and effect in the new form. 

Each
notice pursuant to this Section 2.10 shall be irrevocable (subject to Sections 2.08 and 2.16) and shall refer to this Agreement and specify (i) the identity and amount of the Borrowing that the Borrower

99 

requests be converted or continued, (ii) whether such Borrowing is to be converted to or continued as a SOFR Borrowing, EURIBOR Borrowing, an ABR Borrowing, a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing
or a CORRA Borrowing, (iii) if such notice requests a conversion, the date of such conversion (which shall be a Business Day) and (iv) if such Borrowing is to be converted to or continued as a SOFR Borrowing, EURIBOR Borrowing or a CORRA
Borrowing, the Interest Period with respect thereto. If no Interest Period is specified in any such notice with respect to any conversion to or continuation as a SOFR Borrowing, EURIBOR Borrowing or CORRA Borrowing, the Borrower shall be deemed to
have selected an Interest Period of 1 months duration. The Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of any notice given pursuant to this Section 2.10 and of each Lenders portion of any converted or continued Borrowing.
If the Borrower shall not have given notice in accordance with this Section 2.10 to continue any SOFR Borrowing, EURIBOR Borrowing or any CORRA Borrowing of a given Type into a subsequent Interest Period (and shall not otherwise have
given notice in accordance with this Section 2.10 to convert such Borrowing), such Borrowing shall, at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto (unless repaid pursuant to the terms hereof), automatically be continued into a SOFR
Borrowing, EURIBOR Borrowing or CORRA Borrowing, as applicable, of the same Type with an Interest Period of 1 months duration. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Loans. A Borrowing denominated in Sterling shall at all times be a SONIA
Borrowing (subject to the last sentence of the definition of Daily Simple SONIA), and each such SONIA Borrowing shall automatically be continued as a SONIA Borrowing in Sterling on each Interest Payment Date, unless repaid as provided
herein on or prior to such date. 

Section 2.11. Repayment of Borrowings. (a) The Borrower shall repay to the
Administrative Agent in US Dollars for the ratable account of (x) each InitialFirst Amendment Refinancing Term Lender, on
March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year, commencing on the first such date to occur at the end of the second
full fiscal quarter ending after the First Amendment
Effective Date, an aggregate principal amount equal to 0.25% of the aggregate principal amount of all
InitialFirst
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans outstanding on the First
Amendment Effective Date and (y) each Incremental Term Loan Lender and each Other Term Loan Lender, the amortization amounts and on the dates set forth in the relevant Incremental Amendment
or Refinancing Amendment, as applicable; provided, further, that any payment under this Section 2.11(a)(x) shall be reduced as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with the order of priority set forth in
Section 2.12(b) and 2.13(f) and increased as a result of any increase in the amount of such InitialFirst Amendment Refinancing Term Loans pursuant to
Section 2.26. 

(b) To the extent not previously paid, all Term Loans of a given Class shall be due and payable on
the Term Loan Maturity Date for such Class of Term Loans, together with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of such Term Loans to be paid to but excluding the date of payment. 

(c) The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent in the Applicable Currency for the ratable account of the Revolving Credit
Lenders with outstanding Revolving Loans under a given Class on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date for such Class of Revolving Loans the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loans outstanding on such date. 

(d) All repayments pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall be subject to Section 2.17, but shall otherwise be
without premium or penalty. 

Section 2.12. Optional Prepayment. (a) The Borrower shall have the right (subject to
the provisions of Section 2.12(b)) at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing, in whole or in part, upon (i) (x) at least three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior written or fax notice by the
Borrower (or telephone notice promptly confirmed by written or fax notice) in the case of SOFR Loans, and (y) at least three Business Days prior written or fax notice by the Borrower (or telephone notice promptly confirmed by written or
fax notice) in the case of EURIBOR Loans and CORRA Loans, (ii) at least two Business Days prior written or fax notice by the Borrower (or telephone notice promptly confirmed by written or fax notice) in the case of SONIA Loans or
(iii) written or fax notice by the Borrower (or telephone notice promptly confirmed by written or fax notice) on the date of prepayment in the case of ABR Loans and Canadian Prime Rate Loans, in each case to the Administrative Agent before
12:00 p.m. on such date; provided, however, that (A) each partial prepayment shall be in an amount that not less than the Minimum Applicable Borrowing Amount and (B) the Administrative Agent may agree to extend any deadline
set forth in this clause (a). 

100 

(b) (i) Optional prepayments of Term Loans shall be applied (x) to one or more
Classes of Term Loans as elected by the Borrower and (y) against the remaining scheduled installments of principal due in respect of the applicable prepaid Class of Term Loans under Section 2.11 in the manner specified by the
Borrower or, if not so specified on or prior to the date of such optional prepayment, in direct order of maturity. 

(ii)
Optional prepayments of Revolving Loans shall be applied ratably among one or more Classes of Revolving Loans as elected by the Borrower. 

(c) Each notice of prepayment shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing (or portion thereof) to be
prepaid, shall be irrevocable and shall commit the Borrower to prepay such Borrowing by the amount stated therein on the date stated therein; provided, that any such notice delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned
upon the effectiveness of other financing arrangements or other transactions or events, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent) if such condition is not satisfied. All prepayments under this
Section 2.12 shall be subject to Section 2.05(d) and Section 2.17, as applicable, but otherwise without premium or penalty. All SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan, SONIA Loan and CORRA Loan prepayments under this
Section 2.12 shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be prepaid to but excluding the date of payment. 

Section 2.13. Mandatory Prepayments. (a) (i) If on any Revaluation Date, the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure
would exceed 105% of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, then (A) the Borrower shall, on such Revaluation Date, repay or prepay Revolving Credit Borrowings or Swingline Loans (or a combination thereof) owing by the Borrower in a Principal
Amount such that, after giving effect to such repayment or prepayment, the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure does not exceed the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and (B) after the Revolving Credit Borrowings and Swingline Loans shall have
been repaid or prepaid in full, the Borrower shall replace or cause to be canceled (or provide an L/C Backstop or make other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank with respect to) Letters of Credit in an amount sufficient
to eliminate such excess; provided, that any repayment or prepayment of Revolving Credit Borrowings pursuant to this Section 2.13(a)(i) shall be applied pro rata among the then existing Classes of Revolving Credit Commitments,
unless (x) such a repayment or prepayment is made on (1) the Maturity Date of a given Class of Revolving Credit Commitments or (2) the date of any termination of all or a portion of the Revolving Credit Commitments of a given Class
pursuant to clause (iv) of the proviso in the first sentence of Section 2.09(c), in which case such repayments or prepayments shall be applied first to Revolving Credit Borrowings incurred under such maturing or terminating
Class of Revolving Credit Commitments or (y) with respect to any Class of Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments or Other Revolving Credit Commitments, the Lenders in respect thereof shall have elected less than ratable treatment with respect
to the termination of such Class of Commitments. 

(ii) The Borrower shall, on the date of termination in full of the
Revolving Credit Commitments of a given Class, repay or prepay all of its outstanding Revolving Loans of such Class. 

(iii) If for any reason, at any time during the five Business Day period immediately preceding the Maturity Date for any
Class of Revolving Credit Commitments, (x) the Allocable Revolving Share of the Revolving Credit Exposure attributable to L/C Exposure of Revolving Credit Lenders of such Class and Swingline Exposure of such Class exceeds (y) the amount of
the remaining Total Revolving Credit Commitments minus the remaining Revolving Credit Lenders Allocable Revolving Share of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure at such time, then the Borrower shall promptly prepay or cause to be promptly
prepaid Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Exposure in an aggregate amount necessary to eliminate such excess; provided, that the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Exposure pursuant
to this sentence 

101 

unless after the prepayment in full of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans such excess has not been eliminated. For purposes of this Section 2.13(a)(iii), Allocable Revolving
Share shall mean, at any time with respect to the Total Revolving Credit Commitments or the Revolving Credit Lenders of any Class, the percentage of the Revolving Credit Commitments represented at such time by the Total Revolving Credit
Commitments of such Class. 

(b) Not later than the tenth Business Day following the receipt by the Borrower or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries of Net Cash Proceeds in respect of Prepayment Asset Sales in excess of the greater of $90,000,000 and 20% of EBITDA in the aggregate as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period in any Fiscal Year (the De Minimis
Proceeds Threshold), the Borrower shall apply an amount equal to the Required Net Cash Proceeds Percentage of the Net Cash Proceeds with respect thereto in excess of the De Minimis Proceeds Threshold to prepay its outstanding Term Loans in
accordance with Section 2.13(f); provided, that, except as provided in the next sentence, if prior to such tenth Business Day, the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent of its intention to (A) reinvest an amount equal to
such Net Cash Proceeds in the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or (B) prepay, repay, redeem, defease or repurchase any Pari Passu Lien Obligations (other than the Loans) of the Borrower and/or its Restricted
Subsidiaries, in any such case required by the terms of the documentation governing such Pari Passu Lien Obligations to be prepaid, repaid, redeemed, defeased or repurchased with any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds (any such Pari Passu Lien
Obligations, the Specified Obligations), then the Borrower shall not be required to prepay its Term Loans hereunder in respect of such Net Cash Proceeds as otherwise provided above to the extent that such Net Cash Proceeds are
(x) promptly applied to prepay, repay, redeem, defease or repurchase, as applicable, on a ratable basis, the Specified Obligations and each applicable Class of Term Loans (with any such repayment of Term Loans to be applied on or prior to such
tenth Business Day in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.13(f)) or (y) so reinvested within 18 months after the date of receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (or within such 18 month period, the Borrower or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries enters into a binding commitment to so reinvest in such Net Cash Proceeds, and such Net Cash Proceeds are so reinvested within 180 days after such binding commitment is so entered into). Notwithstanding the foregoing: 

(i) if any Net Cash Proceeds to be reinvested are not reinvested on or prior to the last day of the applicable
reinvestment period, such Net Cash Proceeds shall be applied within five Business Days after the end of such reinvestment period to prepay the Borrowers Term Loans as set forth above (without regard to the proviso in the immediately preceding
sentence); 

(ii) any reinvestment made by the Borrower or its applicable subsidiaries after the earlier to occur of
(i) the date on which the definitive agreement for the applicable Prepayment Asset Sale was executed and (ii) the date on which the Borrower delivers notice to the Administrative Agent of a pending Prepayment Asset Sale (but prior to the
date on which the Borrower and/or any subsidiary receives the Net Proceeds in respect of such Prepayment Asset Sale) may, at the election of the Borrower, be deemed to constitute a reinvestment in compliance with, and in satisfaction of the
obligations under, clause (b) above and 

(iii) it is understood that (1) only the amount in excess
of the De Minimis Proceeds Threshold shall be required to be applied to make a prepayment in accordance with this Section 2.13(b) and (2) if the amount of any prepayment that would have been required pursuant to this
Section 2.13(b) (without giving effect to the De Minimis Proceeds Threshold) for any Fiscal Year (which amount may be $0) is less than the De Minimis Proceeds Threshold for such Fiscal Year, an amount equal to (x) the De Minimis
Proceeds Threshold for such Fiscal Year minus (y) the amount of the prepayment that would have been required but for the De Minimis Proceeds Threshold pursuant to this Section 2.13(b) for such Fiscal Year shall be applied to
increase the De Minimis Proceeds Threshold in one or more succeeding Fiscal Years as the Borrower may from time to time elect. 

(c) No later than the tenth Business Day following the delivery of the Section 5.04 Financials in respect of any fiscal year
pursuant to Section 5.04(a) (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025), the Borrower shall prepay its outstanding Term Loans in accordance with Section 2.13(f) in an aggregate principal amount equal to
the excess, if any (the ECF Prepayment Amount), of: 

102 

(i) the applicable ECF Percentage of Excess Cash Flow for such Excess
Cash Flow Period multiplied by Excess Cash Flow for such Excess Cash Flow Period minus: 

(ii) the sum
of: 

(A) the aggregate principal amount of (1) Term Loans and Revolving Loans (to the extent accompanied by a
permanent reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments), in each case, that are secured by a Lien that is pari passu with the Lien securing the
InitialFirst
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans prepaid pursuant to Section 2.12, (2) other Pari Passu Lien Obligations optionally prepaid or redeemed and (3) the amount of any reduction in
the outstanding amount of any Pari Passu Lien Obligations resulting from any assignment permitted or not restricted by this Agreement (including in connection with any Dutch auction) (limited to the amount actually paid in cash in respect of such
assignment, purchase or Dutch auction), in each case, during such Excess Cash Flow Period or on or prior to the date such payment is required to be made (without duplication), in each case to the extent such prepayments are not funded with the
proceeds of long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness); plus

(B) the amount of any
Capital Expenditure, Investment, Restricted Dividend Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, payment or reserve in respect of any tax liability, make-whole in connection with Indebtedness and/or rental, interest or other payment made or to be made in
respect of any lease, concession or license of property (including any Capital Lease, financing lease and/or operating lease) (I) made during the relevant Excess Cash Flow Period or after such Excess Cash Flow Period but prior to the date that
the applicable prepayment is due, (II) contractually committed or owed during such Excess Cash Flow Period (or after such Excess Cash Flow Period but prior to the date that the applicable prepayment is due) to be made during the immediately
succeeding Excess Cash Flow Period or (III) in the case of Capital Expenditures, budgeted to be made during the Excess Cash Flow Period immediately succeeding such Excess Cash Flow Period, in each case, excluding any such amount that (x) is
actually applied during such Excess Cash Flow Period and (y) reduced the amount required to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 2.11(c) with respect to any prior Excess Cash Flow Period; provided, that (X) in the case of
clauses (B)(II) and (B)(III), to the extent the aggregate amount actually utilized to finance such committed or budgeted amount during the immediately succeeding Excess Cash Flow Period is less that the contractually committed or
budgeted amount deducted therefor pursuant to clauses (B)(II) or (B)(III), as applicable, the amount of the resulting shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow for the next succeeding Excess Cash Flow Period and
(Y) this clause (B) shall not apply to the extent the relevant amount was financed with the proceeds of long-term funded Indebtedness (other than (A) revolving Indebtedness and (B) Indebtedness that has been repaid (other
than with proceeds of long term funded Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness))); provided, that: 

(1) if at the time that any such prepayment would be required, the Borrower (or any Restricted Subsidiary of the
Borrower) is also required to prepay, repay, redeem, defease or repurchase any Pari Passu Lien Obligations (such Indebtedness required to be so prepaid or offered to be so repurchased, Other Applicable Indebtedness) with any
portion of the ECF Prepayment Amount, then the Borrower may apply such portion of the ECF Prepayment Amount on a pro rata basis (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and the relevant Other
Applicable Indebtedness at such time; provided, that (X)

103 

the portion of such ECF Prepayment Amount allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of such ECF Prepayment Amount required to be allocated to the Other Applicable
Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof, and the remaining amount, if any, of such ECF Prepayment Amount shall be allocated to the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof) to the prepayment, repayment, redemption, defeasance or repurchase
of the Term Loans and to the prepayment of the relevant Other Applicable Indebtedness, and the amount of prepayment of the Term Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to this Section 2.13(c) shall be reduced accordingly
and (Y) to the extent the holders of Other Applicable Indebtedness decline to have such Indebtedness prepaid, the declined amount shall promptly (and in any event within ten Business Days after the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay
the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof; it being understood and agreed that if any Term Lender or holder of such Other Applicable Indebtedness declines any prepayment contemplated by this clause (Y), the Borrower shall not be
required to subsequently offer the amount of the relevant declined prepayment to any Term Lender or any holder of Other Applicable Indebtedness; 

(2) no prepayment under this Section 2.13(c) shall be required unless the amount thereof exceeds the greater
of $90,000,000 and 20% of EBITDA (the De Minimis ECF Threshold) as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; it being understood that (x) only the amount in excess of the De Minimis ECF Threshold shall be
required to be applied to make a prepayment in accordance with this Section 2.11(b)(i) and (y) if the amount of any required prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.11(c) (without giving effect to the De Minimis ECF
Threshold) for any Excess Cash Flow Period (which amount may be $0) is less than the De Minimis ECF Threshold for such Excess Cash Flow Period, an amount equal to (X) the De Minimis ECF Threshold for such Excess Cash Flow Period minus
(Y) the amount of the required prepayment (without giving effect to the De Minimis ECF Threshold) pursuant to this Section 2.11(b)(i) for such Excess Cash Flow Period shall be applied to increase the De Minimis ECF Threshold in any
future Excess Cash Flow Period selected by the Borrower in its sole discretion; and 

(3) to the extent the ECF
Prepayment Amount for any Excess Cash Flow Period, after giving effect to all deductions and credits (including any deduction of the types described in clauses (A) and (B) above) applicable thereto, is a negative amount, such
negative amount may be carried forward to reduce the required ECF Prepayment Amount with respect to any future Excess Cash Flow Period selected by the Borrower in its sole discretion. 

(d) In the event that the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall receive Net Cash Proceeds from the issuance or incurrence
of Indebtedness (other than any cash proceeds from the issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01), the Borrower shall no later than the tenth Business Day next following the receipt of such Net Cash
Proceeds, apply an amount equal to 100% of such Net Cash Proceeds to prepay its outstanding Term Loans in accordance with Section 2.13(f). 

(e) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.13 to the contrary: 

(i) the Borrower shall not be required to prepay any amount that would otherwise be required to be paid pursuant to
Section 2.13(b) or (c) above to the extent that the Borrower determines in good faith the relevant Excess Cash Flow is generated by any Foreign Subsidiary, the relevant Prepayment Asset Sale is consummated by any Foreign
Subsidiary are received by any Foreign Subsidiary, as the case may be, and the repatriation to the Borrower of any such amount would be, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, prohibited or delayed under any requirements of

104 

applicable law (including as a result of any minimum net worth or similar requirement) or conflict with the fiduciary duties of such Foreign Subsidiarys directors, or result in, or could
reasonably be expected to result in, a material risk of personal or criminal liability for any officer, director, employee, manager, member of management or consultant of such Foreign Subsidiary, 

(ii) the Borrower shall not be required to prepay any amount that would otherwise be required to be paid pursuant to
Section 2.13(b) or (c) to the extent that the relevant Excess Cash Flow is generated by any joint venture or the relevant Net Cash Proceeds are received by any joint venture, in each case, and the distribution to the Borrower
of such Excess Cash Flow or Net Cash Proceeds would, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, be prohibited under the organizational documents governing such joint venture, and 

(iii) if the Borrower determines in good faith that the repatriation (or other intercompany distribution) to the
Borrower, directly or indirectly, from a Foreign Subsidiary as a distribution or dividend of any amounts required to mandatorily prepay the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.13(b) or (c) above would result in the Borrower or
any Restricted Subsidiary incurring a material (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) Tax liability (including any withholding Tax) (such amount, a Restricted Amount), the amount that the Borrower shall be required to
mandatorily prepay pursuant to Section 2.13(b) or (c), as applicable, shall be reduced by the Restricted Amount. 

(f) Subject to the last sentence of this Section 2.13(f) and the limitations with respect to mandatory prepayments on any
Credit Increases or Other Term Loans that are junior in right of payment and/or of security to the InitialFirst Amendment Refinancing Term Loans as set forth in
Section 2.26 or 2.27, as the case may be (it being understood that such Credit Increases or Other Term Loans shall be deemed not to be outstanding for purposes of this Section 2.13(f)), (A) all prepayments
required by Section 2.13(c) shall be applied first, on a pro rata basis to each Class of Term Loans (other than Excluded Term Loans) then outstanding until paid in full and, second, on a pro rata basis to the
Excluded Term Loans then outstanding until paid in full and (B) all prepayments and/or offers to prepay required by Sections 2.13(b), (c) and (d) shall be applied against the remaining scheduled installments of
principal due in respect of the relevant Class of Term Loans being prepaid as directed by the Borrower (or, in the absence of such direction, in direct order of maturity). Notwithstanding the foregoing, each of the foregoing application provisions
may be modified as expressly provided in Section 2.26 or 2.27 in connection with an Incremental Amendment or a Refinancing Amendment, as applicable, to provide less than ratable treatment to any Class of Loans and/or Commitments
provided for therein. 

(g) Any Term Lender may elect, by notice to the Administrative Agent at or prior to the time and in
the manner specified by the Administrative Agent, prior to any prepayment of Term Loans required to be made by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.13(b), (c) and/or (d), to decline all (but not a portion) of its
share of such prepayment (such declined amounts, the Declined Proceeds); provided, that (A) the Declined Proceeds may be retained by the Borrower and (B) for the avoidance of doubt, no Lender may reject any
prepayment made under Section 2.13(d) above to the extent that such prepayment is made with the Net Cash Proceeds of (w) Refinancing Indebtedness (including any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness) incurred to refinance all or
a portion of the Term Loans (x) Incremental Term Loans incurred to refinance all or a portion of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.26, (y) Other Term Loans incurred to refinance all or any portion of the Term Loans in
accordance with the requirements of Section 2.27 and/or (z) Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred to refinance all or a portion of the Loans. If any Lender fails to deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent of its election to
decline receipt of its share of any mandatory prepayment within the time frame specified by the Administrative Agent, such failure will be deemed to constitute an acceptance of such Lenders share of the total amount of such mandatory
prepayment of Term Loans. 

Section 2.14. [Reserved]. 

Section 2.15. Reserve Requirements; Change in Circumstances. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
any Change in Law shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, 

105 

special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of or credit extended by any Lender or any Issuing Bank or shall impose on such Lender or such Issuing
Bank or the applicable interbank market any other condition affecting this Agreement or SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans, SONIA Loans or CORRA Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein, and the result of any of the
foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such Issuing Bank of making or maintaining any SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan, SONIA Loan or CORRA Loan or increase the cost to any Lender of issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or
purchasing or maintaining a participation therein or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise) by an amount deemed by such Lender or such
Issuing Bank to be material, then the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for such additional costs
incurred or reduction suffered. 

(b) If any Lender or any Issuing Bank shall have determined that any Change in Law regarding
capital adequacy or liquidity has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or such Issuing Banks capital or on the capital of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company, if any, as a
consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made or participations in Loans purchased by such Lender pursuant hereto or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank or participations purchased pursuant hereto to a level below that which such
Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or such Issuing Banks policies and the policies of such
Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Lender or such Issuing Bank to be material, then the Borrower shall pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the
case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(c) A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such Issuing
Bank or its holding company, as applicable, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) above shall be delivered to the Borrower, shall describe the applicable Change in Law, the resulting costs incurred or reduction suffered
(including a calculation thereof), certifying that such Lender is generally charging such amounts to similarly situated borrowers and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable,
the amount shown as due on any such certificate delivered by it within 30 days after its receipt of the same. 

(d) Failure or delay
on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation for any increased costs or reduction in amounts received or receivable or reduction in return on capital shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or such Issuing
Banks right to demand such compensation; provided, that the Borrower shall not be under any obligation to compensate any Lender or any Issuing Bank under paragraph (a) or (b) above with respect to increased costs
or reductions with respect to any period prior to the date that is 180 days prior to such request; provided, further, that the foregoing limitation shall not apply to any increased costs or reductions arising out of the retroactive
application of any Change in Law within such 180-day period. The protection of this Section 2.15 shall be available to each Lender and the respective Issuing Bank regardless of any possible contention of the invalidity or inapplicability
of the Change in Law that shall have occurred or been imposed; provided, that if, after the payment of any amounts by the Borrower under this Section 2.15, any Change in Law in respect of which a payment was made is thereafter
determined to be invalid or inapplicable to the relevant Lender or Issuing Bank, then such Lender or Issuing Bank shall, within 30 days after such determination, repay any amounts paid to it by the Borrower hereunder in respect of such Change in
Law. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.15 to the contrary, this Section 2.15 shall not apply
to any Change in Law with respect to Taxes, which shall be governed exclusively by Section 2.21. 

106 

Section 2.16. Change in Legality. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, if any Change in Law shall make it unlawful for any Lender to make or maintain any SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan, any SONIA Loan or any CORRA Loan or to give effect to its obligations as contemplated hereby with respect to any SOFR
Loan, EURIBOR Loan, any SONIA Loan or any CORRA Loan, then, by written notice to the Borrower and to the Administrative Agent: 

(i) such Lender may declare (A) that SOFR Loans will not thereafter (for the duration of such unlawfulness) be made
by such Lender hereunder (or be continued for additional Interest Periods) and ABR Loans will not thereafter (for such duration) be converted into SOFR Loans, (B) that EURIBOR Loans will not thereafter (for the duration of such unlawfulness) be
made by such Lender hereunder (or be continued for additional Interest Periods), (C) if the affected currency is Sterling, that SONIA Loans will not thereafter (for the duration of such unlawfulness) be made by such Lender hereunder and
(D) if the affected currency is Canadian Dollars, that CORRA Loans will not thereafter (for the duration of such unlawfulness) be made by such Lender hereunder (or be continued for additional Interest Periods) and, Canadian Prime Rate Loans
will not thereafter (for such duration) be converted into CORRA Loans, in each case, whereupon any request for a SOFR Borrowing, EURIBOR Borrowing, a SONIA Borrowing or CORRA Borrowing (or (x) in the case of a Borrowing of US Dollar-Denominated
Loans if US Dollars are the affected currency, convert an ABR Borrowing to a SOFR Borrowing or to continue a SOFR Borrowing for an additional Interest Period and (y) in the case of a Borrowing of Canadian Dollar-Denominated Loans if Canadian
Dollars are the affected currency, convert a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing to a CORRA Borrowing or to continue a CORRA Borrowing for an additional Interest Period) shall, as to such Lender only, be deemed a request for (x) in the case of US
Dollar-Denominated Loans if the affected currency is US Dollars, an ABR Loan, (y), in the case of Canadian Dollar-Denominated Loans if the affected currency is Canadian Dollars, a Canadian Prime Rate Loan or (z) in the case of Alternate
Currency-Denominated Loans if the affected currency is an Alternate Currency, a Loan in such currency bearing interest at an alternative interest rate mutually acceptable to the Borrower and such Lender, in each case, unless such declaration shall
be subsequently withdrawn; 

(ii) such Lender may require that (A) if US Dollars is the affected currency, all
outstanding SOFR Loans made by such Lender shall be converted to ABR Loans, (B) if Canadian Dollars is the affected currency, all outstanding CORRA Loans made by such Lender shall be converted to Canadian Prime Rate Loans and (C) if an
Alternate Currency (other than Canadian Dollars) is the affected currency, such Loans denominated in such currency convert to Loans bearing interest at an alternative rate mutually acceptable to the Borrower and such Lender, in which event all such
Loans shall be automatically so converted as of the effective date of such notice as provided in paragraph (b) below; and 

(iii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is
determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender, shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to
Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exists (which notice such Lender agrees to
give promptly). 

In the event any Lender shall exercise its rights under clause (i) or (ii) above, all payments
and prepayments of principal that would otherwise have been applied to repay the SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans, SONIA Loan or CORRA Loans, as applicable, that would have been made by such Lender or the converted SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or CORRA Loans,
of such Lender shall instead be applied to repay the Loans made by such Lender in lieu of, or resulting from the conversion of, such SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or CORRA Loans, as applicable. 

107 

(b) For purposes of this Section 2.16, a notice to the Borrower by any
Lender shall be effective as to each affected SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or CORRA Loans, as applicable, made by such Lender, if lawful, on the last day of the Interest Period then applicable to such SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or CORRA Loan, as applicable;
in all other cases such notice shall be effective on the date of receipt by the Borrower. Such Lender shall withdraw such notice promptly following any date on which it becomes lawful for such Lender to make and maintain the affected SOFR Loans,
EURIBOR Loans, SONIA Loans or CORRA Loans, as applicable, or give effect to its obligations as contemplated hereby with respect to the affected SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan, SONIA Loan or CORRA Loan, as applicable. 

Section 2.17. Indemnity. The Borrower shall indemnify each Lender against any actual documented loss or expense that such
Lender sustains or incurs as a consequence of (i) such Lender receiving the principal amount of any SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or CORRA Loan, in each case, that is a Revolving Loan, prior to the end of the Interest Period in effect therefor,
(ii) the conversion of any SOFR Loan that is a Revolving Loan to an ABR Loan, or the conversion of the Interest Period with respect to any SOFR Loan or EURIBOR Loan, in each case other than on the last day of the Interest Period in effect
therefor, (iii) the conversion of any CORRA Loan that is a Revolving Loan to a Canadian Prime Rate Loan, or the conversion of the Interest Period with respect to any CORRA Loan that is a Revolving Loan, in each case other than on the last day
of the Interest Period in effect therefor or (iv) any SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or CORRA Loan, in each case, that is a Revolving Loan to be made by such Lender (including any SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or CORRA Loan to be made pursuant to a
conversion or continuation under Section 2.10) not being made after notice of such Loan shall have been given by the Borrower hereunder. Any request for reimbursement by a Lender pursuant to this Section 2.17 shall be
accompanied by a reasonably detailed calculation of any amount or amounts which such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.17; it being understood that such Lender shall not charge amounts greater that amounts it is
requesting from similarly situated borrowers. 

Section 2.18. Pro Rata Treatment. Except as provided below in this
Section 2.18 with respect to Swingline Loans and as required or contemplated under Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17, 2.21, 2.22, 2.26, 2.27 and/or 9.04(k), each Borrowing, each payment or
prepayment of principal of any Borrowing, each payment of interest on the Loans, each payment of a Commitment Fee and an L/C Participation Fee and each reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments, in each case, under a given Class and each
conversion of any Borrowing to or continuation of any Borrowing as a Borrowing of any Type shall be allocated pro rata among the relevant Lenders of the applicable Class in accordance with their respective applicable Commitments of the relevant
Class (or, if such Commitments shall have expired or been terminated, in accordance with the respective principal amounts of their respective applicable outstanding Loans). For purposes of determining the available Revolving Credit Commitments of
the relevant Lenders at any time (but subject to the last sentence of Section 2.05(a)), each outstanding Swingline Loan shall be deemed to have utilized the relevant Revolving Credit Commitments of such Lenders (including those Lenders
which shall not have made Swingline Loans) pro rata in accordance with such respective Revolving Credit Commitments. Each Lender agrees that in computing such Lenders portion of any Borrowing to be made hereunder, the Administrative Agent may,
in its discretion, round each Lenders percentage of such Borrowing to the next higher or lower whole dollar amount. 

Section 2.19. Sharing of Setoffs. Each Lender agrees that if it shall, through the exercise of a right of bankers
lien, setoff or counterclaim against the Borrower or any other Loan Party, or pursuant to a secured claim under Section 506 of Title 11 of the United States Code or other security or interest arising from, or in lieu of, such secured claim
received by such Lender under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law or otherwise, or by any other means, obtain payment (voluntary or involuntary) in respect of any relevant Loan or L/C Disbursement as a result of which the
unpaid principal portion of its relevant Loans and participations in L/C Disbursements shall be proportionately less than the unpaid principal portion of the relevant Loans and participations in L/C Disbursements of any other Lender, it shall be
deemed simultaneously to have purchased from such other relevant Lender at face value, and shall promptly pay to such other relevant Lender the purchase price for, a participation in the relevant Loans and L/C Exposure of such other relevant Lender,
so that the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the relevant Loans and L/C Exposure and participations in relevant Loans and L/C Exposure held by each Lender shall be in the same proportion to the aggregate unpaid principal

108 

amount of all relevant Loans and L/C Exposure then outstanding as the principal amount of its relevant Loans and L/C Exposure prior to such exercise of bankers lien, setoff or counterclaim
or other event was to the principal amount of all relevant Loans and L/C Exposure outstanding prior to such exercise of bankers lien, setoff or counterclaim or other event; provided, however, that (i) if any such purchase or
purchases or adjustments shall be made pursuant to this Section 2.19 and the payment giving rise thereto shall thereafter be recovered, such purchase or purchases or adjustments shall be rescinded to the extent of such recovery and the
purchase price or prices or adjustment restored without interest and (ii) the provisions of this Section 2.19 shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms
of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant. The Borrower expressly consents to the foregoing arrangements and agrees that
any Lender holding a participation in a Loan or L/C Disbursement deemed to have been so purchased may exercise any and all rights of bankers lien, setoff or counterclaim with respect to any and all moneys owing by the Borrower to such Lender
by reason thereof as fully as if such Lender had made a Loan directly to the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 

Section 2.20. Payments. The Borrower shall make each payment (including principal of or interest on any Borrowing or any L/C
Disbursement or any Fees or other amounts) hereunder and under any other Loan Document not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date when due in (x) the Applicable Currency in immediately available funds or (y) such other form of consideration as
the relevant recipient may agree; provided, that in the case of this clause (y), such other form of consideration is offered as payment in lieu of immediately available funds to each other Lender then entitled to pro rata treatment
pursuant to Section 2.18 with respect to such payment, in each case, without setoff (except as otherwise provided herein), defense or counterclaim. Each such payment (other than (i) Issuing Bank Fees, which shall be paid directly to
the relevant Issuing Bank, (ii) principal of and interest on Swingline Loans, which shall be paid directly to the relevant Swingline Lender, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.23(e) and (iii) amounts payable under
Section 2.15, 2.17, 2.21 or 2.22, which shall be paid directly to the Person entitled thereto) shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its office (the Payment Office) as the Administrative
Agent may direct in writing to the Borrower from time to time. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. 

Section 2.21. Taxes. (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any other Loan
Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes; provided, that if any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes are required to be withheld or deducted
from such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions or withholdings (including deductions or withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the
Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings been made, (ii) the Borrower or such Loan Party shall make such deductions or
withholdings and (iii) the Borrower or such Loan Party shall pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 

(b) In addition, the Borrower shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 

(c) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank, within 30 days after written demand
therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes paid by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any
other Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising
therefrom or with respect thereto (other than any penalties attributable to the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a
court of competent jurisdiction), in each case, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes (but not 

109 

Other Taxes) were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority; provided, that the Borrower shall not be under any obligation to compensate the
Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank under this paragraph (c) with respect to any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Person demands, or notifies the Borrower of its
intention to demand, compensation therefor; provided, further, that if the circumstance giving rise to such Indemnified Tax or Other Tax is retroactive, then such 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of
retroactive effect thereof. 

(d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower or any
other Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or
other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(e) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption
from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such
properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender or Issuing Bank,
if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender or Issuing Bank is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Each Foreign Lender shall (a) furnish to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent)
on or before the date it becomes a party to the Agreement either (i) 2 accurate and complete originally executed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or successor
form), (ii) 2 accurate and complete originally executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI (or successor form) or (iii) 2 accurate and complete originally executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY (or successor form) together with any required
attachments, certifying, in any case, to such Foreign Lenders legal entitlement to an exemption or reduction from U.S. federal withholding tax with respect to all payments hereunder and (b) provide to the Borrower (with a copy to the
Administrative Agent) a new Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or successor form), Form W-8ECI (or successor form) or Form W-8IMY (or successor form) together with any required attachments upon (i) the expiration or obsolescence
of any previously delivered form to reconfirm any complete exemption from, or any entitlement to a reduction in, U.S. federal withholding tax with respect to any payment hereunder, (ii) the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most
recent form previously delivered by it and (iii) from time to time if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent; provided, that any Foreign Lender that is relying on the so-called portfolio interest exemption
shall also furnish a Non-Bank Certificate in the form of Exhibit E together with a Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8IMY (together with any required attachments), as applicable. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this paragraph, a Foreign Lender shall not be required to deliver any form pursuant to this paragraph that such Foreign Lender is not legally able to deliver. 

(f) Any Lender or Issuing Bank that is a United States Person, as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, shall (unless such
Lender or Issuing Bank may be treated as an exempt recipient based on the indicators described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.6049-4(c)(1)(ii)(A)(1)) deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the times specified in
Section 2.21(e), two accurate and complete original signed copies of IRS Form W-9, or any successor form that such Person is entitled to provide at such time, in order to qualify for an exemption from United States back-up withholding
requirements. 

(g) If the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Issuing Bank determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received
a refund (including any Tax credit elected in lieu of refund) of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section, it
shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund 

110 

(but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such
refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund);
provided, that (i) the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the
relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank in the event the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority and
(ii) nothing herein contained shall interfere with the right of a Lender or the Administrative Agent to arrange its tax affairs in whatever manner it thinks fit nor oblige any Lender or the Administrative Agent to claim any tax refund or to
make available its tax returns or disclose any information relating to its tax affairs or any computations in respect thereof or require any Lender or the Administrative Agent to do anything that would prejudice its ability to benefit from any other
refunds, credits, reliefs, remissions or repayments to which it may be entitled. 

(h) If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan
Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as
applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such documentation prescribed by
applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent, to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. For the avoidance of doubt, the
term Lender for purposes of this Section 2.21(h) shall include the Administrative Agent and any Issuing Bank. 

Section 2.22. Assignment of Commitments and Loans under Certain Circumstances; Duty to Mitigate. (a) In the event
(i) any Lender or any Issuing Bank requests compensation pursuant to Section 2.15, (ii) any Lender or any Issuing Bank delivers a notice described in Section 2.16, (iii) the Borrower is required to pay any
additional amount to any Lender or the Issuing Bank or any Governmental Authority on account of any Lender or any Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.21, (iv) any Lender shall become a Defaulting Lender or (v) any Lender refuses
to consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification of any Loan Document requested by the Borrower that requires the consent of all Lenders, all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 9.08 or all the Lenders with
respect to a certain Class of Loans or Commitments and such amendment, waiver or other modification is consented to by the Required Lenders (or a majority of the affected Lenders or the Lenders with respect to the relevant Class of Loans or
Commitments) (any such Lender, a Non-Consenting Lender), the Borrower may, at its sole cost and expense, upon notice to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and the Administrative Agent, either: 

(x) replace such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, by causing such Lender or Issuing Bank to (and such Lender
or Issuing Bank shall be obligated to) assign 100% of its relevant Commitments and the principal of its relevant outstanding Loans plus any accrued and unpaid interest and fees pursuant to Section 9.04 (with the assignment fee to
be waived in such instance) all of its relevant rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Persons (which Persons shall otherwise be subject to the approval rights set forth in Section 9.04(b)); provided, that
(A) the replacement Lender shall agree to the consent, waiver or amendment to which the Non-Consenting Lender did not agree, (B) neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to the Borrower to find a
replacement Lender or other such Person and (C) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.21, such assignment will
result in a reduction in such compensation or payments; or 

111 

(y) terminate the Commitment of such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the
case may be, and (1) in the case of a Lender (other than an Issuing Bank), repay all Obligations of the Borrower owing to such Lender relating to the Loans and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date and (2) in the
case of an Issuing Bank, repay all Obligations of the Borrower owing to such Issuing Bank relating to the Loans and participations held by the Issuing Bank as of such termination date other than any Obligations pertaining to any Subject Letters of
Credit. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above in this Section 2.22, unless an Issuing Bank is removed and
replaced with a successor Issuing Bank at the time the Borrower exercises its rights under this Section 2.22 (in which case the provisions of Section 2.25(i), as applicable, shall apply), any Issuing Bank having undrawn
Letters of Credit issued by it (the Subject Letters of Credit) whose Commitments and Obligations are to be repaid or terminated pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.22 shall (x) remain a party
hereto until the expiration or termination of the Subject Letters of Credit, (y) not issue (or be required to issue) any further Letters of Credit hereunder and (z) continue to have all rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents solely with respect to the Subject Letters of Credit until all of the Subject Letters of Credit have expired, been terminated or become subject to an L/C Backstop (including all rights of reimbursement pursuant
to Sections 2.25(d), (e), (f) and (h) for any L/C Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and all voting rights of an Issuing Bank (but such voting rights shall be limited to pertain solely to L/C Disbursements in
respect of the Subject Letters of Credit, any Fee payable to the Issuing Bank in respect of the Subject Letters of Credit, and the rights or duties of the Issuing Bank in respect of the Subject Letters of Credit), but excluding any consent rights as
an Issuing Bank under Section 9.04(b)). 

Each Lender hereby grants to the Administrative Agent an irrevocable power of
attorney (which power is coupled with an interest) to execute and deliver, on behalf of such Lender as assignor, any Assignment and Acceptance necessary to effectuate any assignment of such Lenders interests hereunder in respect of the
circumstances contemplated by this Section 2.22. 

(b) If (i) any Lender or any Issuing Bank requests compensation
under Section 2.15 or Section 2.17, (ii) any Lender or any Issuing Bank delivers a notice described in Section 2.16 or (iii) the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any
Issuing Bank or any Governmental Authority on account of any Lender or any Issuing Bank, pursuant to Section 2.21, then such Lender or such Issuing Bank shall use reasonable efforts (which shall not require such Lender or such Issuing
Bank to take any action inconsistent with its internal policies or legal or regulatory restrictions or suffer any disadvantage or burden deemed by it to be material) (x) to file any certificate or document reasonably requested by the Borrower
or (y) to assign its rights and delegate and transfer its obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if such filing or assignment would reduce its claims for compensation under Section 2.15 or enable it
to withdraw its notice pursuant to Section 2.16 or would reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.21, as the case may be, in the future. 

Section 2.23. Swingline Loans. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Swingline Lender agrees to
make loans to the Borrower in an Available Currency requested by the Borrower at any time and from time to time on or after the Effective Date and until the termination of its Swingline Commitment in an aggregate Principal Amount at any time
outstanding that will not result in (x) the Principal Amount of all Swingline Loans exceeding $100,000,000 in the aggregate or (y) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Total Revolving Credit Commitment; provided,
that notwithstanding the foregoing, no Swingline Lender shall be obligated to make any Swingline Loans at a time when a Revolving Credit Lender, as the case may be, is a Defaulting Lender, unless such Swingline Lender has entered into arrangements
reasonably satisfactory to it and the Borrower to eliminate such Swingline Lenders risk with respect to the Defaulting Lenders participation in such Swingline Loans, including by Cash Collateralizing such Defaulting Lenders Pro
Rata Percentage of the outstanding amount of Swingline Loans, as the case may be (which Cash Collateralization may be made with the proceeds of a simultaneous borrowing of additional Swingline Loans incurred from Non-Defaulting Lenders and otherwise
in compliance with the provisions of this Section 2.23). Each Swingline Loan shall be in a principal amount not less than the Minimum Applicable Borrowing Amount. 

112 

Each Swingline Commitment may be terminated or reduced from time to time as provided herein. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may
borrow, pay or prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans hereunder subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth herein. 

(b) To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall submit a written notice to the Administrative Agent by telecopy or electronic mail
not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld), shall be irrevocable and shall
specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lenders of any such notice received from the Borrower. Each Swingline Lender shall
make its ratable portion of the requested Swingline Loan (such ratable portion to be calculated based upon such Swingline Lenders Swingline Commitment to the total Swingline Commitments of all of the Swingline Lenders) available to the
Borrower by means of a credit to an account designated by the Borrower for such purpose, by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. The failure of any Swingline Lender to make its ratable portion of a
Swingline Loan shall not relieve any other Swingline Lender of its obligation hereunder to make its ratable portion of such Swingline Loan on the date of such Swingline Loan, but no Swingline Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other
Swingline Lender to make the ratable portion of a Swingline Loan to be made by such other Swingline Lender on the date of any Swingline Loan. 

(c) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Swingline Loan made to it, in whole or in part,
upon giving written or fax notice by the Borrower (or telephone notice promptly confirmed by written, or fax notice) to the Administrative Agent and the relevant Swingline Lender before 11:00 a.m. on the date of prepayment at such Swingline
Lenders address for notices specified in Section 9.01; provided, that any such notice delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other financing arrangements, in which case
such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. 

(d) Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan (if such Loan is a US Dollar-Denominated Loan) or a Canadian Prime Rate Loan (if such Loan
is a Canadian Dollar-Denominated Loan) and, subject to the provisions of Section 2.07, shall bear interest as provided in Section 2.06(a) or (b), as the case may be. 

(e) The Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. on any Business Day require
the Revolving Credit Lenders to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount (and the relevant currency) of Swingline Loans in which Revolving
Credit Lenders will participate. The Administrative Agent will, promptly upon receipt of such notice, give notice to each Revolving Credit Lender, specifying in such notice such Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of such Swingline Loan. In
furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Credit Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above (and in any event, if such notice is received by 12:00 noon, New York City time, on a Business Day no
later than 5:00 p.m. New York City time on such Business Day and if received after 12:00 noon, New York City time, on a Business Day shall mean no later than 10:00 a.m. New York City time on the immediately succeeding Business Day), to pay to the
Administrative Agent in the Applicable Currency, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Revolving Credit Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of such Swingline Loan. Each Revolving Credit Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to
acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this Section 2.23(e) is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or an Event of
Default, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Revolving Credit Lender shall comply with its obligation under this Section 2.23(e) by wire transfer of
immediately available funds in the Applicable Currency, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.02(c) with respect to Revolving Loans made by such Lender in the relevant Available Currency (and Section 2.02(c) shall
apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders) and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Credit

113 

Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this Section 2.23(e) and thereafter payments in respect of
such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by
the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent and be distributed by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Credit Lenders that shall have made their payments
pursuant to this Section 2.23(e) and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear; provided, that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to such Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if
and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this Section 2.23(e) shall not relieve the Borrower (or other party liable for
obligations of the Borrower) of any default in the payment thereof. 

(f) Any Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written
agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline Lender and the successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of a Swingline Lender. From and after the effective
date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (y) references herein to
the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of a Swingline Lender
hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to its replacement, but shall
not be required to make additional Swingline Loans. 

(g) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Swingline Lender,
any Swingline Lender may resign as a Swingline Lender at any time upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such Swingline Lender shall be replaced in accordance
with Section 2.23(e) above. 

Section 2.24. [Reserved]. 

Section 2.25. Letters of Credit. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request the
issuance of Letters of Credit on a sight basis for its own account or for the account of any of its subsidiaries, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the relevant Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time on or
after the Effective Date and prior to the earlier to occur of (i) the termination of its L/C Commitment and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to the latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date. This Section shall not be construed to
impose an obligation upon any Issuing Bank to issue any Letter of Credit that violates the terms and conditions of this Agreement or if any Letter of Credit requested to be issued (or amended, as applicable) would have a stated expiry date after the
latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date and the aggregate face amount of all Letters of Credit having stated expiry dates after such Revolving Credit Maturity Date would exceed the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments that have maturities after
such Revolving Credit Maturity Date, unless, with the consent of the relevant Issuing Bank, the Borrower provides an L/C Backstop in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Issuing Bank from a financial institution in respect of such
overage on or prior to the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, such Issuing Bank may require cash collateralization in lieu of an L/C Backstop in
its sole discretion. Letters of Credit may be denominated in one or more Available Currencies. On the Effective Date, each Existing Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a Letter of Credit issued hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents and for all purposes hereof will be deemed to have been issued on the Effective Date. 

(b) In order to request
the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or to amend, renew or extend an existing Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall deliver a written notice (a Letter of Credit Application) to the relevant Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent
(unless waived by the relevant Issuing Bank, no later than 

114 

three Business Days in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be
amended, renewed or extended and specifying (i) the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, (ii) the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) below), (iii) the
amount of such Letter of Credit, if applicable pursuant to Section 1.10, (iv) the Available Currency in which such Letter of Credit is requested to be denominated, (v) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and
(vi) such other information as the relevant Issuing Bank may request with respect to such Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if, and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each
Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that, after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the L/C Exposure shall not exceed $100,000,000 and (ii) the Aggregate Revolving Credit
Exposure shall not exceed the Total Revolving Credit Commitment. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such Issuing Bank shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower or enter into the applicable
amendment, as the case may be. Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the relevant Issuing Bank will also deliver to the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 

(c) Each Letter of Credit
shall expire at the close of business on the earlier of the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit and the date that is five Business Days prior to the latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date, unless such Letter of
Credit expires by its terms on an earlier date (such date of expiration, the Letter of Credit Expiration Date) or an L/C Backstop exists with respect to such Letter of Credit; provided, however, that a Letter of Credit may,
upon the request of the Borrower, include a provision whereby such Letter of Credit (an Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit) shall be renewed automatically for additional consecutive periods of 12 months or less (but not beyond the date
that is five Business Days prior to the latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date unless an L/C Backstop exists with respect to Letter of Credit) unless the relevant Issuing Bank notifies the beneficiary thereof at least 30 days (or such longer period
as may be specified in such Letter of Credit) prior to the then-applicable Letter of Credit Expiration Date that such Letter of Credit will not be renewed. Once an Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit has been issued, the Revolving Credit Lenders shall be
deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the relevant Issuing Bank to permit the renewal of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided, that the relevant Issuing
Bank shall not be under any obligation to permit any such renewal if (i) the relevant Issuing Bank has determined that it would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its renewed form under the terms hereof (by reason
of the provisions of Section 2.25(l) or otherwise) or (ii) one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.01 is not then satisfied. 

(d) By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount or extending the term thereof)
and without any further action on the part of a Issuing Bank or the Lenders, such Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Revolving Credit Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to
such Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit, effective upon the issuance of such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Credit
Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of such Issuing Bank, such Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of each L/C Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the
Borrower (or, if applicable, another party pursuant to its obligations under any other Loan Document) forthwith on the date due as provided in Section 2.02(g). Each Revolving Credit Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to
acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or an Event of Default,
and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Upon any change in the Revolving Credit Commitments or Pro Rata Percentages of the Revolving Credit Lenders pursuant to
Section 2.22 or 9.04(b), it is hereby agreed that, with respect to all outstanding Letters of Credit and unreimbursed L/C Disbursements relating thereto, there shall be an automatic adjustment to the participations pursuant to
this Section 2.25(d) to reflect the new Pro Rata Percentages of each Revolving Credit Lender. 

115 

(e) If an Issuing Bank shall make any L/C Disbursement in respect of a Letter of
Credit, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such L/C Disbursement not later than 12:00 noon on the immediately following Business Day; provided that the Borrower may, subject to satisfaction of the conditions
specified in Section 4.01, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.23 that such payment be financed with an ABR Revolving Credit Borrowing or Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount, and to the extent so
financed, the Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Credit Borrowing or Swingline Loan, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Revolving Credit Lenders
obligations specified in Section 2.25(e) shall continue to the extent that the Borrower has not reimbursed such L/C Disbursement or such reimbursement obligation has not been converted to a Revolving Loan. In the case of a Letter of
Credit denominated in an Alternate Currency, the Borrower shall reimburse the relevant Issuing Bank in the relevant Alternate Currency on the date of such L/C Disbursement. The Issuing Bank shall notify the Borrower of the amount of the drawing
promptly following the determination thereof. 

(f) (i) The Borrowers obligations to reimburse L/C Disbursements as provided in
paragraph (e) above shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, under any and all circumstances whatsoever, and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or
enforceability of any Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein
being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by the respective Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (iv) the
existence of any claim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any other Person may at any time have against the beneficiary under any Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any other Person,
including any defense based on the failure of any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit to comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or (v) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of
the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.25(f), constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrowers obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent,
the Revolving Credit Lenders nor any Issuing Bank, nor any of their respective Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure
to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, document, notice or other communication
under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the
respective Issuing Bank, provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse such Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are
hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Banks failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of
Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of an Issuing Bank (as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented
which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, an Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation,
regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 

(ii) Each Lender and the Borrower agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the relevant Issuing Bank
shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any draft, demand, certificate or other document expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the
authority of the 

116 

Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the Issuing Banks, any Related Party of such Issuing Bank nor any of the respective correspondents, participants or assignees of any
Issuing Bank shall be liable to any Lender for (x) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable, (y) any action taken or omitted in the absence
of gross negligence or willful misconduct or (z) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Letter of Credit Application. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks
of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided, that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrower from pursuing such rights and remedies as it
may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. 

(g) The relevant Issuing Bank shall, within the
time allowed by applicable law or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. The relevant Issuing Bank shall as promptly as
possible give telephonic notification, confirmed by fax, to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an L/C Disbursement thereunder; provided, that such notice
need not be given prior to payment by the Issuing Bank and any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligations to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Revolving Credit Lenders with respect to any such
L/C Disbursement. 

(h) If an Issuing Bank shall make any L/C Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, then, unless the
Borrower shall reimburse such L/C Disbursement in full in the applicable currency on the same day that such L/C Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest for the account of an Issuing Bank, for each day from and including
the date of such L/C Disbursement, to but excluding the earlier of the date of payment by the Borrower or the date on which interest shall commence to accrue thereon as provided in Section 2.02(g), at the rate per annum that would apply
to such amount if such amount were an ABR Revolving Loan. 

(i) An Issuing Bank may be removed at any time by the Borrower by notice
from the Borrower to such Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as an Issuing Bank hereunder by a Lender that shall agree to serve as successor Issuing Bank (which Lender shall be reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent), such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the interests, rights and obligations of the retiring Issuing Bank. At the time such removal shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all
accrued and unpaid fees pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(ii). The acceptance of any appointment as an Issuing Bank hereunder by a successor Lender shall be evidenced by an agreement entered into by such successor, in a form reasonably
satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and, from and after the effective date of such agreement, (i) such successor Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the previous Issuing Bank under this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents and (ii) references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing
Banks, as the context shall require. After the resignation or removal of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the retiring Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such removal, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank, any
Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such resigning Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with this clause
(i). 

(j) If the maturity of any of the Loans under the Credit Facilities has been accelerated and the Borrower shall have received
notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders, an amount in cash equal to (A) in the case of any Letter of
Credit denominated in Dollars, 101% of the L/C Exposure in respect of such Letter of Credit as of such date or (B) in the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in a 

117 

currency other than Dollars, 103% of the L/C Exposure in respect of such Letter of Credit as of such date. Such deposit shall be held by the Collateral Agent as collateral for the payment and
performance of the Obligations. The Collateral Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits in Cash Equivalents,
which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Collateral Agent, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Monies in such account shall
(i) first, automatically be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse relevant Issuing Bank for L/C Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed, (ii) second, be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of
the Borrower for L/C Exposure at such time and (iii) third, subject to the consent of the Required Lenders, be applied to satisfy the Obligations. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of Cash Collateral hereunder as a result of the
acceleration of the Loans under the Credit Facilities, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to Borrower within three Business Days to the extent any such acceleration has been rescinded. 

(k) The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed) and such Lender, designate one or more additional Revolving Credit Lenders to act as an issuing bank under the terms of this Agreement. Any Revolving Credit Lender designated as an issuing bank pursuant to this
paragraph (k) shall be deemed to be an Issuing Bank (in addition to being a Revolving Credit Lender) in respect of Letters of Credit issued or to be issued by such Lender, and, with respect to such Letters of Credit, such
term shall thereafter apply to the other Issuing Bank and such Lender. 

(l) An Issuing Bank shall be under no obligation to issue
any Letter of Credit if: 

(i) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its
terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank or any directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over
such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or direct that such Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular; 

(ii) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate any applicable laws binding upon such Issuing Bank; or 

(iii) any Revolving Credit Lender is a Defaulting Lender at such time, unless (A) the L/C Exposure relating to such
Letter of Credit is reallocated as described in clause (m) below or (B) such Issuing Bank has entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to it and the Borrower to eliminate such Issuing Banks risk with respect to the
participation in Letters of Credit by such Defaulting Lender, including by Cash Collateralizing such Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Percentage of the L/C Exposure. 

(m) If any L/C Exposure exists at the time any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, the L/C Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall be
reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility (the Non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders) in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Percentages but only to the extent that (A) the sum of the
Revolving Credit Exposures of all non-Defaulting Lenders attributable to the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class does not exceed the total of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Non-Defaulting Revolving Credit Lenders of such Class and
(B) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any non-Defaulting Lender that is attributable to its Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class does not exceed such non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class; it being
understood and agreed that no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against any Defaulting Lender arising from such Lenders having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of any
Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lenders increased exposure following such reallocation. 

118 

(n) Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of
any conflict or inconsistency between the terms hereof and the terms of any Letter of Credit Application, reimbursement agreement or similar agreement, the terms hereof shall control and no Issuing Bank shall have any greater rights and remedies
than the rights and remedies set forth herein. 

Section 2.26. Incremental Credit Extensions. (a) The Borrower may
at any time or from time to time after the Effective Date, by notice to the Administrative Agent (whereupon the Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver a copy to each of the Lenders), request (i) one or more additional Series of term loans
under this Section 2.26 to be made available to the Borrower or an increase in the amount of the InitialFirst Amendment Refinancing Term Loans, any Incremental Term Loans or
any Other Term Loans (any such new additional tranche or series or increase, an Incremental Term Facility, and any loans made pursuant to an Incremental Term Facility, Incremental Term Loans) and
(ii) (x) one or more increases in the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments under this Section 2.26 (each such increase, a Revolving Commitment Increase) and (y) one or more additional Series of
incremental revolving credit commitments under this Section 2.26 to be made available to the Borrower (the Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, with any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, any Revolving
Commitment Increases and any Incremental Term Facility being collectively called a Credit Increase); provided, that: 

(i) each Credit Increase shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than $5,000,000 (or such lower amount
that either (A) represents all remaining availability under the limit set forth in the next sentence or (B) is acceptable to the Administrative Agent); 

(ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Credit Increases under this Section 2.26, together
with the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Permitted First Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt, Permitted Junior Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt and Permitted Unsecured Incremental Equivalent Debt, shall not exceed the Maximum
Incremental Amount; 

(iii) each Incremental Term Loan shall: 

(A) rank pari passu or (except with respect to an increase to any existing Class of Term Loans permitted
hereunder) junior in right of payment and of security with the
InitialFirst
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans and any other then existing Class of Term Loans that are pari passu in right of payment and security therewith (so long as, in the case of any such
Incremental Term Loans ranking junior in right of payment or security, such Incremental Term Loans shall be subject to an applicable Intercreditor Agreement), 

(B) other than with respect to the Inside Maturity Amount, any Customary Bridge Loan or any Customary Term A Loan,
(1) not mature earlier than the Latest Maturity Date then in effect and (2) have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity not shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any other outstanding Class of Term Loans (provided,
that, for the purpose of calculating the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Incremental Term Loan ranking pari passu in right of security to any such Class of Term Loans, amortization of such Incremental Term Loan shall be disregarded if (and
only if) it does not exceed 0.25% per fiscal quarter), and 

(C) be treated in the same manner as each existing
Class of Term Loans with which such Incremental Term Loan ranks pari passu in right of payment and of security for purposes of Section 2.13(f), unless the relevant Lender in respect of such Incremental Term Loan elects lesser
treatment; 

(D) except as otherwise permitted herein (including with respect to margin, MFN protection, pricing,
maturity and fees), have representation and warranty, covenant and default terms that, if not substantially consistent with those applicable to any then-

119 

existing Term Loans, are (1) taken as a whole, not materially more favorable (as determined by the Borrower in good faith at the time the definitive documentation for such Incremental Term
Loan is finalized) to the lenders or investors providing such Incremental Term Loan than the corresponding terms of the Loan Documents or (2) otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being agreed that any terms
contained in such Incremental Term Loan (A) which are applicable only after the then-existing Latest Maturity Date applicable to the Term Loans, (B) constitute then-current market terms for the applicable type of Indebtedness (as
determined by the Borrower in good faith at the time the definitive documentation for such Incremental Term Loan is finalized), including any financial maintenance covenant applicable to any Customary Term A Loan (which shall constitute a
then-current market term for Customary Term A Loans) or (C) that are more favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Indebtedness than the corresponding terms of the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan
Documents for the benefit of the Term Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, pursuant to an amendment to this Agreement effectuated in reliance on Section 9.08(c)(ii) shall be deemed satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent), and 

(E) bear interest and be subject to fees as agreed by the Borrower and the applicable Lenders;
provided, in the case of any such Incremental Term Loan that constitutes MFN Indebtedness, the interest rate margin applicable thereto (excluding any credit spread or similar adjustment) will not be more than 0.75% per annum higher than
the interest rate margin in respect of the Initial Term Loans unless the Applicable Percentage with respect to the Initial Term Loans is adjusted such that the interest rate margin applicable to any Initial Term Loans at such time is not more than
0.75% per annum less than the interest rate margin with respect to such Indebtedness; it being understood and agreed that whether, and to what extent, the MFN Provision applies shall be determined as of the date on which such Incremental Term
Loan is implemented under this Agreement (this clause (E), the MFN Provision); and 

(iv) each Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment (and related Incremental Revolving Loans) shall: 

(A) rank pari passu in right of payment and of security with the Initial Revolving Loans; provided,
however, the Borrower may elect to structure any such Incremental Revolving Loans ranking junior in right of security to the Loans and Commitments of the Borrower hereunder under a separate credit facility, so long as such other credit
facility otherwise complies with the provisions of this Section 2.26

(B) not mature (or require commitment
reductions) earlier than the Latest Maturity Date with respect to Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect, 

(C) be treated in the same manner as the Initial Revolving Loans for purposes of Section 2.13(f), unless the
relevant Lender in respect of such Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments elects lesser treatment; 

(D) except as
otherwise permitted herein (including with respect to margin, MFN protection, pricing, maturity and fees), have representation and warranty, covenant and default terms that, if not substantially consistent with those applicable to any then-existing
Revolving Credit Commitments, are (1) taken as a whole, not materially more favorable (as determined by the Borrower in good faith at the time the documentation relating to such Revolving Credit Commitment is finalized) to the lenders or
investors providing such Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments than the corresponding terms of the Loan Documents or (2) otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being agreed that any terms contained in such
Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments (A) which are applicable only after the then-existing Latest Maturity Date applicable to the Revolving 

120 

Credit Commitments, (B) any covenants or provisions which are then-current market terms for the applicable type of Indebtedness (as determined by the Borrower in good faith at the time the
documentation relating to such Revolving Credit Commitment is finalized), including any financial maintenance covenant applicable to any Customary Term A Loan (which shall constitute a then-current market term for Customary Term A Loans)
or (C) that are more favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Indebtedness than the corresponding terms of the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders or the
Administrative Agent, as applicable, pursuant to an amendment to this Agreement effectuated in reliance on Section 9.08(c)(ii) shall be deemed satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), and 

(E) bear interest and be subject to fees as agreed by the Borrower and the applicable Lenders; 

(v) each notice from the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.26 shall set forth the requested amount and
proposed terms of the relevant Credit Increases and 

(vi) Incremental Term Loans may be made, and Revolving
Commitment Increases and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments may be provided, by any existing Lender with Loans and/or Commitments under the relevant Class or by any Additional Lender. 

(b) (i) Commitments in respect of Credit Increases shall become Commitments (or in the case of a Revolving Commitment Increase to be
provided by an existing Revolving Credit Lender, an increase in such Lenders applicable Revolving Credit Commitment, as the case may be) under this Agreement pursuant to an amendment (an Incremental Amendment) to this
Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower, each Lender agreeing to provide such Commitment, if any, each Additional Lender, if any, and the Administrative Agent. 

(ii) The Incremental Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.26; it being understood that the Incremental Amendment
with respect to any Incremental Term Facility may, without the consent of any Lender (other than any Lender providing such Incremental Term Loans) or the Administrative Agent, include such amendments to this Agreement as may be necessary,
appropriate or advisable as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to (A) make the applicable Incremental Term Loans fungible with the relevant existing Class of Term Loans (including by modifying the
amortization schedule and/or extending the time period during which any prepayment premium applies) and/or (B) in the case of any Credit Increase in the form of a Customary Term A Loan, provide that the financial covenant applicable to such
Customary Term A Loan applies for the benefit of the lenders of such Customary Term A Loan but not any other Lender or group of Lenders hereunder. 

(iii) The Borrower may use the proceeds of any Credit Increase for any purpose not prohibited by this Agreement (it being
understood that Section 5.08 imposes limitations on the use of proceeds of certain Credit Increases as specified therein). 

(iv) No Lender shall be obligated to provide any Credit Increases unless it so agrees in its sole discretion. 

(v) On the date of the making of any Incremental Term Loans that will be added to any Class of InitialFirst Amendment
Refinancing Term Loans, other Incremental Term Loans or Other Term Loans, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Section 2.03 or Section 2.06, such
Incremental Term Loans shall, at the election of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, 

121 

be added to (and constitute a part of) each borrowing of outstanding InitialFirst Amendment Refinancing Term Loans, other Incremental Term Loans or
Other Term Loans, as applicable, of the same type with the same Interest Period of the respective Class on a pro rata basis (based on the relative sizes of the various outstanding Borrowings), so that each Term Lender will participate
proportionately in each then outstanding borrowing of
InitialFirst
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans, other Incremental Term Loans or Other Term Loans, as applicable, of the same type with the same Interest Period of the respective Class. 

(vi) Upon each increase in the Revolving Credit Commitments of a given Class pursuant to a Revolving Commitment Increase
as provided in this Section 2.26, each Revolving Credit Lender with a Revolving Credit Commitment of such affected Class immediately prior to such increase will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each
Lender providing a portion of such Revolving Commitment Increase for such Class (each, a Revolving Commitment Increase Lender) in respect of such increase, and each such Revolving Commitment Increase Lender will automatically and
without further act be deemed to have assumed, a portion of such Revolving Credit Lenders participations hereunder in outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans representing a utilization of such Class of Revolving Credit Commitments
such that, after giving effect to each such deemed assignment and assumption of participations, the percentage of the aggregate outstanding (I) participations hereunder in the relevant Letters of Credit and (II) participations hereunder in the
relevant Swingline Loans held by each Revolving Credit Lender with a Revolving Credit Commitment of such affected Class (including each such Revolving Commitment Increase Lender) will equal the percentage of the aggregate Revolving Credit
Commitments under such affected Class of all relevant Revolving Credit Lenders represented by such Revolving Credit Lenders relevant Revolving Credit Commitment. 

(vii) the existing Revolving Credit Lenders of the applicable Class shall assign Revolving Credit Loans to certain other
Revolving Credit Lenders of such Class (including the Revolving Credit Lenders providing the relevant Incremental Revolving Commitment), and such other Revolving Credit Lenders (including the Revolving Credit Lenders providing the relevant
Incremental Revolving Facility) shall purchase such Revolving Credit Loans, in each case to the extent necessary so that all of the Revolving Credit Lenders of such Class participate in each outstanding Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans pro rata
on the basis of their respective Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class (after giving effect to any increase in the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class pursuant to this Section 2.26); it being understood and agreed that the
minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to this clause (vii). 

(viii) Upon each addition of an Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.26 if, on
the date of such addition, there is any Revolving Credit Exposure then outstanding, then participations hereunder in the relevant Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder shall be adjusted, in each case such that all Revolving Credit Lenders,
as the case may be, participate in each Revolving Credit Borrowing, L/C Exposure and Swingline Exposure, as the case may be, in accordance with their applicable Pro Rata Percentages (with any such prepayment to be accompanied by accrued interest on
the Revolving Loans being prepaid and any costs incurred by any Lender in accordance with Section 2.17). 

(c) No Credit
Increase shall (i) be guaranteed by any Person which is not a Loan Party or (ii) be secured by any property or assets other than the Collateral. 

(d) This Section 2.26 shall supersede any provisions in Sections 2.18, 2.19 and 9.08 to the contrary.

122 

(e) Each Lender or Additional Lender providing a portion of any Credit Increase shall
execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower all such documentation (including an amendment to this Agreement or any other Loan Document) as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to evidence and effectuate such
Credit Increase. On the effective date of such Credit Increase, each Additional Lender shall become a Lender for all purposes in connection with this Agreement. 

(f) As a condition precedent to the effectiveness of any Credit Increase or the making of any Incremental Term Loans or Incremental
Revolving Loans, (A) upon its reasonable request, the Administrative Agent shall have received customary written opinions of counsel to the Borrower, as well as such reaffirmation agreements, supplements and/or amendments as it shall reasonably
require and (B) the Administrative Agent shall have received, from each Additional Lender, an Administrative Questionnaire and such other documents as it shall reasonably require from such Additional Lender, and the Administrative Agent and
Lenders shall have received all fees required to be paid in respect of such Credit Increase. 

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Section 2.26 or in any other provision of any Loan Document, if the proceeds of any Credit Increase are intended to be applied to finance any permitted Investment that constitutes a third party acquisition (other than an
intercompany Investment), and the Lenders or Additional Lenders providing such Credit Increase so agree, the availability thereof may, at the election of the Borrower, be subject to customary SunGard or certain funds
conditionality. 

Section 2.27. Refinancing Amendments. (a) At any time after the Effective Date, the Borrower may
obtain, from any Lender or any Additional Lender, Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of (x) all or any portion of any Class of Term Loans then outstanding under this Agreement in the form of Other Term Loan Commitments and/or
Other Term Loans and/or (y) all or any portion of the Revolving Loans (or Unused Revolving Credit Commitments) under a given Class under this Agreement, in the form of Other Revolving Credit Commitments and Other Revolving Loans, in each case
pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment; provided, that: 

(i) such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness will
rank pari passu in right of payment and of security with, or at the option of the Borrower, may be junior in right of payment and/or security to the other Loans and Commitments of the Borrower hereunder (so long as, in the case of any such Credit
Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness ranking junior in right of payment or security, such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness shall be subject to the Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement or another Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable), 

(ii) such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness will have such pricing, fees and call protection terms as may be
agreed by the Borrower and the Lenders thereof, 

(iii) in the case of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in
the form of a Class of Other Term Loans, such Class of Other Term Loans shall be prepaid and repaid on a pro rata basis with all voluntary prepayments and mandatory prepayments (but not amortization payments) of the other Classes of Term Loans,
except that the applicable Lenders and Additional Lenders providing any Class of Other Term Loans may elect in any given Refinancing Amendment to receive less than ratable treatment with respect to such prepayments, 

(iv) in the case of any Other Term Loans ranking junior in right of payment or security, limitations on voluntary and
mandatory prepayments of the type described in Section 2.26 which are applicable to Incremental Term Loans ranking junior in right of payment or security shall also apply to such Other Term Loans, 

(v) in the case of any Other Revolving Credit Commitments (and related Revolving Credit Exposure) ranking junior in right
of payment or security, appropriate adjustments shall be made to this Agreement (including, without limitation, Sections 2.09, 2.12, and 2.13) to reflect the 

123 

junior status of such Other Revolving Credit Commitments (and related Revolving Credit Exposure) and to provide separate junior letter of credit and swingline subfacilities that do not share
ratably in the L/C Exposure and/or the Swingline Exposure, as applicable, and 

(vi) except as otherwise permitted
herein (including with respect to margin, call protection, MFN terms, pricing, maturity and fees), the representation and warranty, covenant and default terms of such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, if not substantially consistent with
those applicable to any then-existing Term Loans or Revolving Loans (or Unused Revolving Credit Commitments), as applicable, must be, taken as a whole, not materially more favorable (as determined by the Borrower in good faith at the time the
documentation with respect to such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness is finalized) to the lenders or investors providing such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness than the corresponding terms of the Loan Documents or otherwise
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being agreed that any terms contained in such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness (A) which are applicable only after the then-existing Latest Maturity Date applicable to such Term
Loans or Revolving Loans (or Unused Revolving Credit Commitments), as applicable, (B) any covenants or provisions which are then-current market terms for the applicable type of Indebtedness (as determined by the Borrower in good faith at the
time the documentation with respect to such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness is finalized), including any financial maintenance covenant applicable to any Customary Term A Loan (which shall constitute a then-current market term
for Customary Term A Loans) or (C) that are more favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Indebtedness than the corresponding terms of the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of such Term
Loans or Revolving Loans (or Unused Revolving Credit Commitments) or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, pursuant to an amendment to this Agreement effectuated in reliance on Section 9.08(c)(ii) shall be deemed satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent); provided, however, that the Borrower may elect to structure any such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness ranking junior in right of security to the other Loans and Commitments of the Borrower hereunder
under a separate credit facility, so long as such other credit facility otherwise complies with the provisions of this Section 2.27. 

(b) The effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment shall be subject to the satisfaction of such other conditions as may be agreed by the
Borrower and the Lenders providing such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness and set forth in a Refinancing Amendment and, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of (i) customary
legal opinions of counsel to the Borrower, board resolutions and officers certificates and (ii) reaffirmation agreements and/or such amendments to the Security Documents as may be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent (including,
to the extent reasonably necessary, mortgage amendments) in order to ensure that the Refinancing Indebtedness is provided with the benefit of the applicable Loan Documents. 

(c) Any Other Term Loans and/or Other Revolving Credit Commitments (any corresponding Revolving Credit Exposure) converted from or
exchanged for (or the proceeds of which are used to refinance) any then-existing Term Loans or then-existing Revolving Credit Commitments may, to the extent provided in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, be designated as an increase in any
then-existing Class of Term Loans of the Borrower or any previously established Class or Series of Other Term Loans or Other Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable. 

(d) Each Class or Series of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness incurred under this Section 2.27 shall be in an
aggregate principal amount that is not less than $20,000,000 (or such lesser amount to which the Administrative Agent may agree). 

(e) Any Refinancing Amendment may provide for the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower, or the provision to the
Borrower of Swingline Loans, pursuant to any Other Revolving Credit Commitment established thereby, in each case on terms substantially equivalent to the terms applicable to Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under the then-existing Revolving
Credit Commitments (it being 

124 

understood that such Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans may have different pricing and maturity dates, but shall otherwise be treated as though they are a part of a single letter of credit or
swingline facility, as applicable, with the then-existing Revolving Credit Commitments) or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and any applicable swingline lender or letter of credit issuer. 

(f) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Refinancing Amendment (each, a
Refinancing Effective Date). 

(g) On any Refinancing Effective Date on which Other Revolving Credit Commitments
are implemented pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment, subject to the satisfaction of the foregoing terms and conditions, (i) the Revolving Loans of any existing Revolving Credit Lender who is providing such Other Revolving Credit Commitment on
such date and whose related existing Revolving Credit Commitment is being reduced on such date pursuant to Section 2.09(c), in connection therewith shall be converted into Other Revolving Loans under such Lenders new Other
Revolving Credit Commitment being provided on such date in the same ratio as (x) the amount of such Lenders applicable new Other Revolving Credit Commitment bears to (y) the aggregate amount of such Lenders existing Revolving
Credit Commitment prior to any reduction of such Lenders existing Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to Section 2.09(c), in connection therewith and (ii) if such new Other Revolving Credit Commitments are to be made a part
of any then-existing Class of Other Revolving Credit Commitments, each of the Revolving Credit Lenders with Other Revolving Credit Commitments under such combined Class shall purchase from each of the other Lenders with Other Revolving Credit
Commitments thereunder at the principal amount thereof, such interests in the Other Revolving Loans under such Class of Other Revolving Credit Commitments so converted or outstanding on such Refinancing Effective Date as shall be necessary in order
that, after giving effect to all such assignments and purchases, the Other Revolving Loans of such Class will be held by all Revolving Credit Lenders with such Class of Other Revolving Credit Commitments ratably in accordance with their respective
Other Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class. 

(h) Any Refinancing Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders,
effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.27 (including,
in the case of any Other Term Loan that constitutes a Customary Term A Loan, any amendment that provides that the financial covenant applicable to such Customary Term A Loan applies for the benefit of the lenders of such Customary Term A Loan but
not any other Lender or group of Lenders hereunder) and the Lenders hereby expressly authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any such Refinancing Amendment, and this Section 2.27 shall supersede any provisions in
Section 2.18, 2.19 or 9.08 to the contrary. 

ARTICLE III 

Representations and Warranties

The Borrower represents and warrants (it being understood that, for purposes of the representations and warranties made in the Loan Documents
on the Effective Date, such representations and warranties shall be construed as though the Transactions have been consummated) to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Issuing Bank and each of the Lenders that: 

Section 3.01. Organization; Powers. The Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized or
formed, validly existing and in good standing (where relevant) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or formation, except where the failure to exist (other than in the case of the Borrower) or be in good standing could not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) has all requisite power and authority to own its property and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted, except where the failure to have such power and authority
could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (c) is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing (where relevant) in, every jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of
its business requires such qualification, 

125 

except where the failure to so qualify could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) has the requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform
its obligations under each of the Loan Documents and each other agreement or instrument contemplated thereby to which it is a party. 

Section 3.02. Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents (a) have been duly
authorized by all requisite corporate or other organizational and, if required, stockholder or member action, (b) will not violate any provision of (i) any applicable law, statute, rule or regulation or order of any Governmental Authority,
(ii) the certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other constitutive documents of any Loan Party or (iii) any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is a party or by
which any of them or any of their property is bound, (c) will not be in conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute (alone or with notice or lapse of time or both) a default under or give rise to any right to require the prepayment,
repurchase or redemption of any obligation under any indenture, agreement or other instrument or (d) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon or with respect to any property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired by the Borrower
or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Permitted Liens), except, with respect to clauses (b)(i), (b)(iii), (c) or (d) above to the extent that such violation, conflict, breach, default, or creation or
imposition of Lien could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.03. Enforceability. This Agreement and each other Loan Document (when delivered) have been duly executed and
delivered by each Loan Party party thereto. This Agreement and each other Loan Document delivered on the Effective Date constitutes, and each other Loan Document when executed and delivered by each Loan Party party thereto will constitute, a legal,
valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or similar laws of
general applicability relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by general equity principles. 

Section 3.04. Governmental Approvals. Except to the extent the failure to obtain or make the same could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no action, consent or approval of, registration or filing with or any other action by any Governmental Authority is necessary or will be required in connection with the Loan Documents, except for
(a) filings and registrations necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Collateral Agent and (b) such as have been made or obtained and are in full force and effect. 

Section 3.05. Financial Statements. The financial statements most recently provided pursuant to Section 5.04(a)
or (b), as applicable, present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower on a consolidated basis as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP
consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise noted therein, and subject, in the case of financial statements provided pursuant to Section 5.04(a), to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end
adjustments. 

Section 3.06. No Material Adverse Change. Since December 31, 2023, no event, change or condition has
occurred that (individually or in the aggregate) has had a Material Adverse Effect that is continuing. 

Section 3.07. Title
to Properties. Each of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries has good and indefeasible title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its material properties and assets other than (i) minor defects in title that do not
materially interfere with its ability to conduct its business or to utilize such assets for their intended purposes or (ii) where the failure to have such title or other property interests described above could not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and all such material properties and assets are free and clear of Liens, other than Permitted Liens. 

Section 3.08. Subsidiaries. Schedule 3.08 sets forth as of the Effective Date a list of all subsidiaries of the
Borrower, the jurisdiction of their formation or organization, as the case may be, and the percentage ownership interest of such subsidiarys parent company therein, and such Schedule shall denote which subsidiaries as of the Effective Date are
not Subsidiary Guarantors. 

126 

Section 3.09. Litigation; Compliance with Laws. (a) There are no
actions, suits or proceedings at law or in equity or by or before any Governmental Authority now pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any business, property or
rights of any such Person that would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) None of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective material properties is in violation of any
applicable law, rule or regulation, or is in default with respect to any judgment, writ, injunction, decree or order of any Governmental Authority, where any such violation or default would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. 

Section 3.10. Federal Reserve Regulations. (a) None of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock. 

(b) No part of the proceeds of any Loan or any Letter of Credit will be used (i) to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend
credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock or (ii) for a purpose in violation of Regulation U or Regulation X issued by the Board. 

Section 3.11. Investment Company Act. None of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is an investment company
as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Section 3.12. Taxes. Each of the
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed all federal, state and other Tax returns required to have been filed by it and has paid, caused to be paid, or made provisions for the payment of all Taxes due and payable by
it and all material assessments received by it, except for the filing of such returns or the payment of such Taxes and assessments, in each case, that are not overdue by more than 30 days, or if more than 30 days overdue, (i) the amount or
validity of which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, shall have set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP or (ii) with
respect to which the failure to so file, pay or make provisions could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.13. No Material Misstatements. As of the Effective Date, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the written
information, reports, financial statements, exhibits and schedules furnished (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders (other than projections and other
forward looking information and information of a general economic and/or industry specific nature and/or any third party report and/or memorandum (but not the written information (other than projections and other forward looking information and
information of a general economic and/or industry specific nature) on which such third party report and/or memorandum was based, if such written information was made available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender)) on or prior to the Effective
Date in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (taken as a whole) did not and, as of the Effective Date, does not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading (after giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto from time to time). 

Section 3.14. Employee Benefit Plans. No ERISA Event has occurred, or could reasonably be expected to occur, that would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each Pension Plan and/or Foreign Plan is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and/or applicable law, except for such non-compliance that could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Pension Event has occurred or could reasonably be expected to occur, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

127 

Section 3.15. Environmental Matters. Except with respect to any matters
that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries and each of their operations, businesses, and properties are and have been
in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws, and have obtained, and are in compliance with, all permits required of them under applicable Environmental Laws, (ii) there are no claims, proceedings, investigations or actions by any
Governmental Authority or other Person pending, or to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries under any Environmental Law, (iii) neither the Borrower nor any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries has agreed to assume or accept responsibility, by contract, for any liability of any other Person under Environmental Laws and (iv) there are no facts, circumstances or conditions relating to the past or present
businesses, properties or operations of the Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or any of their respective predecessors (including the disposal, threatened Release or Release of any wastes, Hazardous Materials or other materials), or to
any past or present assets of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, that have resulted in or could reasonably be expected to result in the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurring any claim or liability under any Environmental
Law. 

Section 3.16. Security Documents. All filings and other actions necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral
created under, and in the manner contemplated and to the extent required by, the Security Documents have been duly made or taken or otherwise provided for in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, and the Security Documents create
in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the relevant Secured Parties, a valid, and together with such filings and other actions, perfected Lien in the relevant Collateral, securing the payment of the relevant Obligations, in each case,
having the priority contemplated by and subject to the terms of the relevant Security Documents and the relevant Intercreditor Agreement and subject to Permitted Liens. 

Notwithstanding anything herein (including this Section 3.16) or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, neither the Borrower
nor any other Loan Party makes any representation or warranty as to the effects of perfection or non-perfection, the priority or the enforceability of any pledge of or security interest in any Capital Stock of any Foreign Subsidiary, or as to the
rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent or any Lender with respect thereto, under foreign law. 

Section 3.17. Location
of Real Property. Schedule 3.17 lists completely and correctly (in all material respects) as of the Effective Date all real property owned by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and the addresses thereof, to the extent reasonably
available. Except as otherwise provided in Schedule 3.17, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries own in fee all the real property set forth on such schedule, except to the extent the failure to have such title could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.18. Solvency. On the Effective Date, after giving effect to
the Transactions, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are Solvent. 

Section 3.19. 
[Reserved]. 

Section 3.20. [Reserved]. 

Section 3.21. Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism; Anti-Corruption; Sanctions. (a) To the extent applicable, each Loan
Party is in compliance in all material respects with the USA PATRIOT Act. 

(b) The Borrower and its subsidiaries, and, to the
knowledge of the Borrower, their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, have conducted their businesses in all material respects in compliance with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. 

128 

(c) No part of the proceeds of the Loans or any Letter of Credit will be used by the
Borrower or its subsidiaries, directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, (i) in violation of Anti-Corruption Laws, in each case to the extent applicable to the Borrower and its subsidiaries or (ii) in violation of
Sanctions. 

(d) None of the Borrower, any of its subsidiaries, nor any director, officer or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any
agent or employee of the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries is a Person that (A) is the target of any Sanctions, or conducts any activities, business or transactions in, or is located, resident or organized in, a Sanctioned Country unless
otherwise authorized or approved by the relevant Sanctions Authority or (B) is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any Person designated on any list of Persons targeted by Sanctions, including but not limited to the List of Specially
Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (SDN List) or the Foreign Sanctions Evaders List (FSE List) maintained by the US Treasury Departments Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

ARTICLE IV 

Conditions of
Lending

The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder are subject to the
satisfaction (or waiver by the Arrangers and the applicable Issuing Bank in the case of conditions applicable to the Effective Date and in accordance with Section 9.08 thereafter) of the following conditions: 

Section 4.01. All Credit Events after the Effective Date. On the date of the making of each Revolving Credit Loan, including
the making of a Swingline Loan, and on the date of each issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of a Letter of Credit (other than any amendment, extension or renewal that does not increase the maximum face amount of such Letter of Credit) (each
such event being called a Credit Event; it being understood that the conversion into or continuation of a SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or a CORRA Loan does not constitute a Credit Event) in each case on and after the Effective Date:

(a) the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) in the case of any Loan, a notice of such Loan as required by
Section 2.03 or (ii) in the case of the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of a Letter of Credit that constitutes a Credit Event, the relevant Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent shall have received a notice requesting
the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of such Letter of Credit as required by Section 2.25(b) or, in the case of the Borrowing of a Swingline Loan, the relevant Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent shall have received a
notice requesting such Swingline Loan as required by Section 2.23(b); 

(b) the representations and warranties set forth
in Article III and in each other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Event with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations
and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; and 

(c) at the time of and immediately after such Credit Event, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

Each Credit Event after the Effective Date shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower to the relevant Lenders
and/or Issuing Banks on the date of such Credit Event as to the matters specified in paragraphs (b) and/or (c) of this Section 4.01, as applicable. 

Section 4.02. First Credit Event. On the Effective Date: 

129 

(a) This Agreement shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower. 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall have received, on behalf of itself, the Lenders and each Issuing Bank, an opinion of Weil,
Gotshal & Manges LLP, special New York and Delaware counsel for the Loan Parties, dated the Effective Date and addressed to each Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a copy of the certificate or articles of
incorporation or organization, including all amendments thereto, of each Loan Party, certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the state of its organization, and a certificate as to the good standing (where relevant) of each Loan
Party as of a recent date, from such Secretary of State or similar Governmental Authority and (ii) a certificate of the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or other senior officer of each Loan Party dated the Effective Date and certifying
(A) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the by-laws or operating (or limited liability company) agreement of such Loan Party as in effect on the Effective Date, (B) (1) that attached thereto is a true and complete
copy of resolutions or written consent duly adopted by the Board of Directors (or equivalent body) of such Loan Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which such Person is a party and, in the case of the
Borrower, the borrowings hereunder, and (2) that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect, (C) that (except in connection with the Transactions) the certificate or articles of
incorporation or organization of such Loan Party have not been amended since the date of the last amendment thereto shown on the certificate or articles of incorporation or organization furnished pursuant to clause (i) above and
(D) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer executing any Loan Document on behalf of such Loan Party and countersigned by another officer as to the incumbency and specimen signature of the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or
other senior officer executing the certificate pursuant to clause (ii) above. 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall have
received a certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying compliance with the conditions precedent set forth in Sections 4.01(b) and (c), as applicable. 

(e) The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) to the extent invoiced at least 3 Business Days prior to the Effective Date,
reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower and (ii) all fees required to be paid by the Borrower (which may be netted from the proceeds of the Loans borrowed on the Effective Date),
in each case, hereunder, under the Engagement Letter, under the Agency Fee Letter or under any other Loan Document. 

(f) The
Security Documents required to be executed and delivered on the Effective Date shall have been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is to be a party thereto and shall be in full force and effect, together with: 

(i) certificates and instruments representing the Pledged Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement) referred to
therein accompanied by undated stock powers executed in blank in the case of Capital Stock and instruments endorsed in blank in the case of indebtedness, 

(ii) proper financing statements in form appropriate for filing under the UCC of the respective jurisdiction of
organization of each Loan Party covering the Collateral described in the Security Documents , and 

(iii) an
Intellectual Property Security Agreement for each United States copyright, patent and trademark registration and application that is owned by a Loan Party and constitutes Collateral, duly executed by each applicable Loan Party. 

(g) [Reserved]. 

130 

(h) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective
Date and signed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower, certifying that the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis after giving effect to the Transactions, are Solvent as of the Effective Date. 

(i) The Lenders shall have received from the Loan Parties at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Effective Date, all
documentation and other information reasonably requested in writing no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the Effective Date, required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering
rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

(j) Substantially concurrently with
the initial funding of the Loans hereunder, including by use of the proceeds thereof, the Effective Date Refinancing shall be consummated. 

For purposes of determining whether the conditions specified in this Section 4.02 have been satisfied on the Effective Date, by
funding the Loans hereunder or issuing a Letter of Credit on the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank, as applicable, shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted, or to be satisfied with, each
document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be. 

ARTICLE V 

Affirmative
Covenants

The Borrower covenants and agrees with each Lender that until the Termination Date the Borrower will, and will cause each
of the Restricted Subsidiaries to: 

Section 5.01. Existence; Compliance with Laws; Businesses and Properties.
(a) Do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, except (i) to the extent that failure to do so could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) as otherwise expressly permitted under Section 6.04 or Section 6.05. 

(b) Other than as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) do or cause to be done all things
reasonably necessary to obtain, preserve, renew, extend and keep in full force and effect the material rights, licenses, permits, franchises, authorizations, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names necessary or desirable to the conduct of
its business, (ii) comply in all material respects with applicable laws, rules, regulations and decrees and orders of any Governmental Authority (including Environmental Laws, ERISA, FCPA, Sanctions and the USA PATRIOT Act), whether now in
effect or hereafter enacted, (iii) maintain and preserve all property necessary or desirable to the conduct of such business and keep such property in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear, casualty and condemnation
excepted, and (iv) from time to time make, or cause to be made, all needed repairs, renewals, additions, improvements and replacements thereto necessary or desirable to the conduct of its business. 

Section 5.02. Insurance. (a) Keep its material insurable properties adequately insured in all material respects at all
times by financially sound and reputable insurers to such extent and against such risks, including fire and other risks insured against by extended coverage, as is customary with Persons in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or
similar locations. 

(b) Subject, if applicable, to Section 5.11, and except as the Administrative Agent may otherwise
agree, cause (i) all such policies covering any Collateral to be endorsed or otherwise amended to include a customary lenders loss payable endorsement and to the extent available on commercially reasonable terms, cause each such policy to
provide that it shall not be canceled, modified or not renewed (i) by reason of 

131 

nonpayment of premium unless not less than 10 days prior written notice thereof is given by the insurer to the Collateral Agent or (ii) for any other reason unless not less than 30
days prior written notice thereof is given by the insurer to the Collateral Agent. 

Section 5.03. Taxes. Pay and
discharge when due all Taxes imposed upon it or upon its income or profits or in respect of its property, before the same shall become overdue by more than 30 days; provided, however, that such payment and discharge shall not be required with
respect to any such Tax (i) so long as the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been established or
(ii) with respect to which the failure to pay or discharge could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.04. Financial Statements, Reports, etc. Furnish to the Administrative Agent (who will distribute to each Lender):

(a) after the Effective Date, within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year ending after the Effective Date (or such later date to
which the Administrative Agent may agree), its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income and cash flows showing the financial condition of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year and the
results of its operations and the operations of such Persons during such year, together with comparative figures for the immediately preceding fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, all audited by KPMG LLP or
other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (or another independent public accountant reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and accompanied by an opinion of such accountants to the effect that such
consolidated financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (which opinion shall not be
subject to (x) a going concern qualification, except as resulting from, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, (1) the impending maturity of any Indebtedness and/or the termination of any revolving credit commitment,
(2) the breach or anticipated breach of any financial covenant, and (3) the activities, operations, financial results, assets or liabilities of any Unrestricted Subsidiary; it being understood that notwithstanding the foregoing, any such
report may be subject to a going concern explanatory paragraph or like statement or (y) a qualification as to the scope of the relevant audit); 

(b) commencing with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024, within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal
quarters of each fiscal year, the Borrowers consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income and cash flows showing the financial condition of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal quarter and
the results of its operations and the operations of such Persons during such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, and comparative figures for the same periods in the immediately preceding fiscal year, all certified by a
Financial Officer as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal year-end audit
adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 

(c) concurrently with any delivery of Section 5.04 Financials, a certificate of a
Financial Officer of the Borrower setting forth (x) to the extent Section 6.10 then applies, computations in reasonable detail of the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the fiscal quarter or year, as the
case may be, covered by such Section 5.04 Financials and indicating whether or not the Borrower is in compliance with Section 6.10 and (y) in the case of a certificate delivered with the financial statements required by
paragraph (a) above, setting forth the Borrowers calculation of Excess Cash Flow; provided, that such calculation shall not be required under this clause (y) to the extent no prepayment would be required under
Section 2.13(c) with respect to the Fiscal Year to which such financial statements relate; 

(d) [reserved]; 

132 

(e) simultaneously with the delivery of the Section 5.04 Financials, the related
consolidating financial statements reflecting the adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries from such consolidated financial statements (but only to the extent such Unrestricted Subsidiaries would not be considered
minor under Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act); 

(f) [reserved]; 

(g) after the request by any Lender (through the Administrative Agent), all documentation and other information that such Lender
reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and 

(h) promptly, from time to time, such other information (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from
time to time regarding the financial condition or business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 

Information required to be
delivered pursuant to this Section 5.04 shall be deemed to have been delivered if such information, or one or more annual or quarterly reports containing such information, shall have been posted by the Administrative Agent on a SyndTrak,
IntraLinks or similar site to which the Lenders have been granted access or shall be available on the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission at http://www.sec.gov or on the website of the Borrower. Information required to be delivered
pursuant to this Section 5.04 may also be delivered by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents and maintaining
its copies of such documents. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) the Borrowers financial statements are consolidated with
any parent companys financial statements or (ii) any parent company is subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, then the requirement to deliver consolidated financial statements of the
Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries (and the related opinion from independent public accountants) pursuant to Section 5.04(a) and (b) may be satisfied by delivering (A) consolidated financial statements of such
parent company (and, in the case of Section 5.04(a), the related opinion with respect to such parent company from independent public accountants) and (B) if either (1) such parent company (or any other parent company that is a
subsidiary of such parent company) has any material third party Indebtedness and/or material operations (as determined by the Borrower in good faith and other than any operations that are attributable solely to such parent companys ownership
of the Borrower and its subsidiaries) or (2) there are material differences (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) between the financial statements of such parent Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the
Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries, on the other hand (other than any such differences relating to shareholders equity), a schedule showing, in reasonable detail, consolidating adjustments, if any, attributable solely to such parent
company and any of their Subsidiaries that are not the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries. 

Section 5.05. Notices. Promptly upon any Responsible Officer of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary becoming aware
thereof, furnish to the Administrative Agent notice of the following: 

(a) the occurrence of any Event of Default or Default; and

(b) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.06. Information Regarding Collateral. Furnish to the Administrative Agent notice of any change on or prior to the
date that is 90 days following the occurrence of such change (or such later date as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent in any given case) (i) in any Loan Partys legal name, (ii) in the jurisdiction of organization or
formation of any Loan Party or (iii) in any Loan Partys organizational form (to the extent such change would require a filing or other action to maintain perfection on the Loan Partys Collateral). 

133 

Section 5.07. Maintaining Records; Access to Properties and Inspections.
(a) Keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries that permit the preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP are made. 

(b) Permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect during normal business hours the financial
records and the properties of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries upon reasonable advance notice, and to make extracts from and copies of such financial records, and permit any such representatives to discuss the affairs, finances and
condition of such Person with the officers thereof and independent accountants therefor; provided, that the Administrative Agent shall give the Borrower an opportunity to participate in any discussions with its accountants; provided,
further, that in the absence of the existence of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent shall not exercise its rights under this Section 5.07 more often than two times during any fiscal year and only one such time shall be at
the expense of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, further, that when an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent and their respective designees may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any
time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice. 

Section 5.08. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of
the Initial Term Loans made on the Effective Date shall be used to finance all or a portion of the Transactions and the payment of Transaction Costs. The proceeds of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans shall be used for working capital, general
corporate purposes and any other purpose not prohibited by this Agreement. The Letters of Credit shall be used solely to support obligations of the Borrower and its subsidiaries incurred for working capital, general corporate purposes and any other
purpose not prohibited by this Agreement. The proceeds of the First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans made on the First
Amendment Effective Date shall be used (i) to refinance the then outstanding Initial Term Loans, (ii) to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the First Amendment Refinancing Term Loans and (iii) for any other purpose
permitted hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. The proceeds of any Other Term Loans will not be used for any purpose other than the repayment of principal and accrued and unpaid interest,
fees and premium on other Loans of the Borrower outstanding on the date of incurrence of such Other Term Loans and payment of and fees, expenses and other amounts incurred in connection with such Other Term Loans. The Borrower will not, directly or,
to its knowledge, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans or any Letter of Credit, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person in a manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by the Borrower, any of
its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any Agent, Issuing Bank (or its designee party to the applicable Letter of Credit), Arranger or Lender. 

Section 5.09. Further Assurances. (a) From time to time duly authorize, execute and deliver, or cause to be duly
authorized, executed and delivered, such additional instruments, certificates, financing statements, agreements or documents, and take all reasonable actions (including filing UCC and other financing statements but subject to the limitations set
forth in the Security Documents), as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, for the purposes of perfecting the rights of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties with respect to the
Collateral (or with respect to any additions thereto or replacements or proceeds or products thereof or with respect to any other property or assets hereafter acquired by the Borrower or any other Loan Party which may be deemed to be part of the
Collateral) pursuant hereto or thereto. 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c) With respect to any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary and a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary (other than an Excluded
Subsidiary) created or acquired after the Effective Date (which for purposes of this paragraph (c) shall include any existing Restricted Subsidiary that is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the type described above that ceases to be an
Excluded Subsidiary), on or before the date on which 

134 

financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.04(a) or (b) for the fiscal quarter in which the relevant event occurred (or such longer period as
the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), cause such Restricted Subsidiary to (A) become a party to (or acknowledged, as applicable) the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, each Intercreditor Agreement then in effect (if applicable) and
the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, to the extent applicable and (B) deliver to the Administrative Agent (1) if such Restricted Subsidiary owns registrations of or applications for United States Copyrights, Patents or Trademarks, an
Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (2) Uniform Commercial Code financing statements in appropriate form for filing and/or (3) each item of Pledged Collateral that such Restricted Subsidiary would be required to deliver
pursuant to Section 3.04 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 

(d) [Reserved]. 

(e) Within 90 days following the date of the acquisition by any Loan Party of any Material Real Estate Asset (or such longer period as
may be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent in any given case) (i) execute and deliver a Mortgage in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the relevant Secured Parties, covering such real property and (ii) with
respect to each such Mortgage and, if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, (x) an opinion of counsel in each State in which any such Mortgage is to be recorded in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and (y) a lenders title insurance policy issued by a title insurer reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (provided that the Collateral Agent shall require a title search in lieu of a title insurance policy if the cost
of obtaining the policy is excessive in relation to the benefit to the Secured Parties). 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Section 5.09 or any other Security Document: 

(i) the Collateral Agent shall not require
the taking of a Lien on, or require the perfection of any Lien granted in, those assets as to which the cost of obtaining or perfecting such Lien (including any mortgage, stamp, intangibles or other tax or expenses relating to such Lien) is
excessive in relation to the benefit to the Lenders of the security afforded thereby as reasonably determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent; 

(ii) Liens required to be granted pursuant to this Section 5.09 shall be subject to exceptions and
limitations consistent with those set forth in the Security Documents; 

(iii) the Administrative Agent may grant
extensions of time (including after the expiration of any relevant period, which may apply retroactively) for the creation and perfection of security interests in, or obtaining of legal opinions or other deliverables with respect to, particular
assets or the provision of any guaranty by any Restricted Subsidiary, and each Lender hereby consents to any such extension of time; 

(iv) no Loan Party shall be required to seek any landlord waiver, bailee letter, estoppel, warehouseman waiver or other
collateral access or similar letter or agreement, third party consent or any amendment to any lease or license; 

(v) any joinder agreement, any Security Document and/or any other Loan Document executed by any Restricted Subsidiary
that is required to become (or otherwise becomes) a Loan Party pursuant to Section 5.09(c) above (including any joinder agreement) may include such schedules (or updates to schedules) as may be necessary to qualify any representation or
warranty set forth in any Loan Document to the extent necessary to ensure that such representation or warranty is true and correct to the extent required thereby or by the terms of any other Loan Document; 

135 

(vi) unless the Borrower otherwise agrees, in no event will
(A) the Collateral include any Excluded Property (as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) or (B) any Excluded Subsidiary be required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor; 

(vii) it is understood and agreed for the avoidance of doubt that the Borrower may elect to join any Domestic Subsidiary
that is not required to be or become a Subsidiary Guarantor solely because such Restricted Subsidiary is an Immaterial Subsidiary without (A) the consent of the Administrative Agent or (B) delivery of an opinion of counsel; 

(viii) no Loan Party shall be required, and the Administrative Agent shall not be authorized, to perfect any security
interest or mortgage by means other than (A) filings pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code in the office of the secretary of state (or similar central filing office) of any Loan Partys jurisdiction of organization, (B) filings of
Intellectual Property Security Agreements with the United States Copyright Office and/or the United States Patent and Trademark Office with respect to United States registered copyrights, patents and/or trademarks (or applications therefor),
(C) delivery to the Administrative Agent, for its possession (subject to the terms of any applicable Intercreditor Agreement), of any Collateral consisting of pledged Capital Stock held by any Loan Party in the Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary that is a wholly-owned Subsidiary and/or any material debt instrument issued to the Borrower or another Loan Party, in each case, to the extent required by the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or (D) filings of Mortgages and other
documents related thereto as described in Section 5.09(d); and 

(ix) the Collateral shall exclude
(A) all real property interests other than Material Real Estate Assets and (B) any Material Real Estate Asset that is or becomes located in a Special Flood Hazard Area as evidenced by a standard flood hazard determination delivered to the
Administrative Agent (whether already subject to a Mortgage or to be mortgaged as of the relevant date of determination); provided that (1) no Loan Party shall be required to procure title insurance, title searches or any survey or
environmental assessment (other than existing surveys and environmental assessments) with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset and (2) if any mortgage tax or similar tax or charge is or will be owed on the entire amount of the Obligations
evidenced hereby, then, to the extent permitted by, and in accordance with, applicable Requirements of Law, the amount of such mortgage tax or similar tax or charge shall be calculated based on the lesser of (I) the amount of the Obligations
allocated to the applicable Material Real Estate Asset and (II) the fair market value of the applicable Material Real Estate Asset at the time the Mortgage is entered into and determined in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent and
the Borrower, which, in the case of this clause (II) will result in a limitation of the Secured Obligations secured by the Mortgage to such amount and. 

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, elect to
cause any Restricted Subsidiary and/or parent company (any such Person, a Discretionary Guarantor) that is not otherwise required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor to provide a Loan Guaranty by causing such Person to execute the
documentation required by Section 5.09(c) above, and any such Person shall constitute a Loan Party and a Guarantor for all purposes hereunder; it being understood and agreed that such Person shall grant a security interest in such
categories of assets pursuant to such documentation as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree; provided, that (i) in the case of any Discretionary Guarantor that is a Foreign Subsidiary, the jurisdiction of such
person is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received, at least two Business Days prior to such person becoming a Guarantor, all documentation and other information in respect of
such person required under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations (including the USA Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation). 

Section 5.10. Designation of Subsidiaries. (a) The Borrower may designate any subsidiary (including any existing
subsidiary and any newly acquired or newly formed subsidiary) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless such subsidiary or any of its subsidiaries owns any Capital Stock of the Borrower or a 

136 

Restricted Subsidiary (other than solely any Unrestricted Subsidiary of the subsidiary to be so designated); provided, that (i) such designation complies with
Section 6.03(c) and (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such designation. Furthermore, no subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary hereunder unless it is also designated as
an Unrestricted Subsidiary for purposes of any Material Debt Documentation that has an unrestricted subsidiary concept. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Restricted Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary
if (A) such Restricted Subsidiary owns Material Intellectual Property at the time of such designation and (B) such Material Intellectual Property is, following such designation, licensed by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary
from such Unrestricted Subsidiary for use by the Borrower and/or such Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business. 

(b) The Borrower may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary. 

The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the incurrence at the time of designation of any
Indebtedness or Liens of such Subsidiary existing at such time for purposes of Section 6.01 or 6.02, as the case may be. 

Any such designation by the Borrower shall be notified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent. 

Section 5.11. Post-Closing Obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in the other
Loan Documents, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries acknowledge and agree that the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to take the actions specified in Schedule 5.11 within the time periods set forth in
Schedule 5.11 (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion). The provisions of Schedule 5.11 shall be deemed incorporated by reference herein as fully as if set forth herein in its entirety.

All conditions precedent and representations contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed modified to the
extent necessary to effect the foregoing (and to permit the taking of the actions described above within the time periods required above, rather than as elsewhere provided in the Loan Documents); provided, that (x) to the extent any
representation and warranty would not be true because the foregoing actions were not taken on the Effective Date, the respective representation and warranty shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects at the time the respective
action is taken (or was required to be taken) in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 5.11 and (y) all representations and warranties relating to the Security Documents shall be required to be true immediately
after the actions required to be taken by this Section 5.11 have been taken (or were required to be taken). 

Section 5.12. Maintenance of Ratings. The Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain public corporate
credit facility ratings with respect to the
InitialFirst
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans and public corporate family ratings from each of S&P and Moodys; provided, that in no event shall the Borrower be required to maintain any
specific rating with any such agency. 

Section 5.13. Transactions with Affiliates. The Borrowers will not, and
will not permit their Restricted Subsidiaries to, except for transactions by and among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, sell or transfer any property or assets to, or purchase or acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage
in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, in each case, involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of $65,000,000 unless such transaction is (i) on terms, taken as a whole, that are not materially less favorable to the
Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arms-length basis (as determined by the Borrower
in good faith) or (ii) if, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, there is no comparable transaction on the basis of which to make the comparison described above, fair to the Borrower or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary from a
financial point of view (as determined by the Borrower in good faith). 

137 

(b) The foregoing provisions will not apply to the following: 

(i) [reserved]; 

(ii) the Transactions and the payment of the Transaction Expenses; 

(iii) issuances by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries of Capital Stock not otherwise prohibited under this
Agreement; 

(iv) reasonable and customary fees payable to any directors of the Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries (or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower) and reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket costs of the directors of the Borrower and its subsidiaries (or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower) in the ordinary course of
business, in the case of any direct or indirect parent to the extent attributable to the operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(v) expense reimbursement and employment, severance and compensation arrangements entered into by the Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries (or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, to the extent attributable to the operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) with their directors, officers, employees, members of management and consultants
in the ordinary course of business; 

(vi) payments by the Borrower (and any direct or indirect parent thereof) and
its Restricted Subsidiaries to each other pursuant to tax sharing agreements or arrangements among Parent and its subsidiaries on customary terms, to the extent attributable to the operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(vii) the payment of reasonable and customary indemnities to directors, officers, employees, members of management and
consultants of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower) in the ordinary course of business, in the case of any direct or indirect parent to the extent attributable to the operations of the
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(viii) transactions pursuant to permitted agreements in existence on the
Effective Date and any amendment thereto to the extent such an amendment is not adverse to the interests of the Lenders in any material respect; 

(ix) Restricted Payments permitted under Section 6.03 and Permitted Investments; 

(x) [reserved]; 

(xi) loans and other transactions among the Borrower and its subsidiaries (and any direct and indirect parent company of
the Borrower) to the extent otherwise permitted under this Article VI; 

(xii) the existence of, or the
performance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of its obligations under the terms of, any stockholders agreement, principal investors agreement (including any registration rights agreement or purchase agreement related thereto) to
which it is a party as of the Effective Date and any similar agreements which it may enter into thereafter; provided, however, that the existence of, or the performance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of obligations
under any future amendment to any such existing agreement or under any similar agreement entered into after the Effective Date shall only be permitted by this clause (xii) to the extent that the terms of any such amendment or new
agreement are not otherwise materially more disadvantageous to the Lenders when taken as a whole; 

138 

(xiii) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, or purchasers
or sellers of goods or services, including consulting services, in each case in the ordinary course of business which are fair to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, in the reasonable determination of the board of directors of the Borrower
or the senior management thereof, or are on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party; 

(xiv) any customary (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) transaction in connection with any Receivables
Facility; 

(xv) payments or loans (or cancellation of loans) to directors, officers, employees, members of management
or consultants of the Borrower, any of its direct or indirect parent companies or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries which are approved by a majority of the board of directors of the Borrower in good faith; 

(xvi) Investments by any equityholder in debt securities of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries so long as
(i) the investment is being offered generally to other investors on the same or more favorable terms and (ii) the investment constitutes less than 5.0% of the proposed or outstanding issue amount of such class of securities; and 

(xvii) any transaction with respect to which the Borrower delivers or causes to be delivered to the Administrative Agent
an opinion stating that such transaction is fair from a financial point of view to the Borrower or any relevant Restricted Subsidiary from an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm or consultancy of nationally recognized standing that is,
in the good faith judgement of the Borrower, qualified to perform the task for which it has been engaged and is independent of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 

ARTICLE VI 

Negative
Covenants

The Borrower covenants and agrees that, until the Termination Date, the Borrower will not, nor will it cause or permit any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries to: 

Section 6.01. Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified
Stock and Preferred Stock. 

(a) Create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable,
contingently or otherwise (collectively, incur and collectively, an incurrence) with respect to any Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) and the Borrower and the Restricted Guarantors will not issue
any shares of Disqualified Stock and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Restricted Guarantor to issue any shares of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock; provided, however, that the Borrower and the Restricted
Guarantors may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) or issue shares of Disqualified Stock, and any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Restricted Guarantor may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness), issue shares of
Disqualified Stock and issue shares of Preferred Stock, (in each case, without netting the cash proceeds of the applicable Indebtedness being incurred): 

(i) if such Indebtedness is secured by Liens on the Collateral that rank pari passu with the Liens on the
Collateral securing the
InitialFirst
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans, the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio (determined on a Pro Forma Basis without netting the cash proceeds of any such Indebtedness being so incurred for the
purposes of such calculation) is no more than the greater of (A) 5.00:1.00 and (B) the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, 

139 

(ii) if such Indebtedness is secured by Liens on the Collateral that
rank junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the
InitialFirst
Amendment Refinancing Term Loans, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio (determined on a Pro Forma Basis without netting the cash proceeds of any such Indebtedness being so incurred for the
purposes of such calculation) is no more than the greater of (A) 5.75:1.00 and (B) the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period or 

(iii) if such Indebtedness is unsecured or secured by assets that do not constitute Collateral, at the election of the
Borrower, either (A) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio (determined on a Pro Forma Basis without netting the cash proceeds of any such Indebtedness being so incurred for the purposes of such calculation) is no more than the greater of
(I) 6.00:1.00 and (II) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period or (B) the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio is greater than or equal to the lesser of (I) 2.00:1.00 and (II) the
Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; 

provided, further, that the
aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred by a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Restricted Guarantor pursuant to this paragraph (a) shall not, at any time, exceed the Non-Loan
Party Debt Cap at such time. 

(b) The limitations set forth in paragraph (a) will not apply to the following items: 

(i) the Indebtedness under the Loan Documents of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (including letters of
credit, bank guarantees and bankers acceptances thereunder and any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 2.26 and/or 2.27); 

(ii) Indebtedness represented by the Convertible Notes; 

(iii) Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in existence on the Effective Date and, to the extent
the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof exceeds $17,500,000, set forth in all material respects on Schedule 6.01; 

(iv) (A) Indebtedness (including Capitalized Lease Obligations), Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock incurred by the
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, to finance the purchase, lease or improvement of property (real or personal) or equipment that is used or useful in a Similar Business, whether through the direct purchase of assets or the Capital
Stock of any Person owning such assets, and Indebtedness pursuant to any Sale and Lease-Back Transaction; provided that in the case of any such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock, the aggregate outstanding principal amount
thereof, together with all other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and/or Preferred Stock outstanding under this clause (iv), shall not exceed the greater of $340,000,000 and 75.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently
ended Test Period at any time outstanding and (B) any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; 

(v) Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary constituting reimbursement obligations with respect
to bankers acceptances and letters of credit issued in the ordinary course of business, including letters of credit in respect of workers compensation laws, unemployment insurance laws or similar legislation, or other Indebtedness with
respect to reimbursement type obligations regarding workers compensation laws, unemployment insurance laws or similar legislation; provided, however, that upon the drawing of such bankers acceptances and letters of credit or the
incurrence of such Indebtedness, such obligations are reimbursed within 30 days following such drawing or incurrence; 

(vi) (A) Indebtedness arising from agreements of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary providing for indemnification,
adjustment of purchase price or similar obligations, in each 

140 

case incurred or retained in connection with the disposition of any business, assets or a subsidiary, other than guarantees of Indebtedness incurred by any Person acquiring all or any portion of
such business, assets or a Subsidiary for the purpose of financing such acquisition and (B) Indebtedness arising from any agreement providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price or similar obligations, contingent earn-out
obligations, seller notes and/or other deferred purchase price obligations incurred in connection with any acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder or consummated prior to the Effective Date or any other purchase of assets or Capital
Stock or any other Investment; 

(vii) Indebtedness of (A) the Borrower to a Restricted Subsidiary or (B) a
Restricted Subsidiary to the Borrower or to another Restricted Subsidiary; provided, that any such Indebtedness owing by the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor is expressly
subordinated in right of payment to the applicable Obligations on the terms of the Intercompany Subordination Agreement or other terms that are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; provided, further, that any subsequent
issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock or any other event which results in any Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary or any other subsequent transfer of any such Indebtedness (except to the Borrower or another Restricted
Subsidiary or any pledge of such Indebtedness constituting a Permitted Lien) shall be deemed, in each case, to be an incurrence of such Indebtedness not permitted by this clause (vii); 

(viii) shares of Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary issued to the Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary;
provided, that any subsequent issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock or any other event which results in any such Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary or any other subsequent transfer of any such shares of Preferred
Stock (except to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) shall be deemed in each case to be an issuance of such shares of Preferred Stock not permitted by this clause (viii); 

(ix) Hedging Obligations (excluding Hedging Obligations entered into for speculative purposes); 

(x) obligations in respect of customs, stay, performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and completion guarantees and other
obligations of a like nature provided by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; 

(xi) (A) Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of the Borrower or any Restricted Guarantor and Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Restricted Guarantor in an aggregate outstanding principal amount or liquidation preference equal to 200.0% of the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries since the Effective Date from the issue or sale of Capital Stock of the Borrower or cash contributed to the capital of the Borrower (in each case, other than Equity Cure Proceeds and proceeds of Disqualified Stock or sales of Capital
Stock to, or contributions received from, the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries) as determined in accordance with paragraphs (b) and (c) of the definition of Restricted Payment Applicable Amount (to the extent
such net cash proceeds or cash have not been applied pursuant to such clauses to make Restricted Payments in reliance on Section 6.03(a) or Section 6.03(b)(x)) and (B) Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of the Borrower
or a Restricted Guarantor and Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Restricted Guarantor not otherwise permitted hereunder in an aggregate principal amount or liquidation preference, which
when aggregated with the principal amount and liquidation preference of all other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock then outstanding and incurred pursuant to this clause (xi)(B), does not at any one time outstanding exceed
the greater of $375,000,000 and 83.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period; 

(xii) the incurrence by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock
constituting Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any 

141 

Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock permitted under Section 6.01(a) and clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (xi) (xiii),
(xvii) (xviii), (xxiv) and (xxv) of this Section 6.01(b) or any previously incurred Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; provided, that such Refinancing Indebtedness of Indebtedness
outstanding under such Section 6.01(a) and clauses (i), (iv), (xi), (xvii), (xviii) and (xxv) of this Section 6.01(b) shall continue to be included in the calculation of
amounts outstanding under the applicable clause and any Excess Permitted Refinancing Amounts will be deemed to be outstanding under this clause (xii)

(xiii) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of (x) the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary incurred
to finance an acquisition or (y) Persons that are acquired by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or merged into or amalgamated with the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or that is assumed
by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with such acquisition so long as: 

(A) [reserved]; 

(B) in the case of any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred in reliance on clause
(x) of this Section 6.01(b)(xiii) above, (I) such Indebtedness (other than Customary Bridge Loans, Customary Term A Loans, revolving Indebtedness, or the Inside Maturity Amount), Disqualified Preferred Stock or Preferred
Stock shall not mature (and shall not be mandatorily redeemable in the case of Disqualified Stock of Preferred Stock), in each case, prior to the Latest Maturity Date then in effect, and (II) if the aggregate outstanding principal amount of
Indebtedness at any one time outstanding under this clause (II), exceeds the greater of $200,000,000 and 45.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period, after giving pro forma effect to such acquisition,
merger or amalgamation, either: 

(1) if such Indebtedness, Disqualified Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock is
secured by Liens on all or a portion of the Collateral that rank pari passu on a first-priority basis with the Liens on the Collateral securing all or a portion of the Obligations (other than Obligations arising from Credit Increases or Other Term
Loans that are junior in right of security to the then outstanding Term Loans), the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio is no more than the greater of the (A) 5.00:1.00 and (B) the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last
day of the most recently ended Test Period, determined on a Pro Forma Basis (including a pro forma application of the net proceeds therefrom and giving pro forma effect to the related acquisition, merger or amalgamation); 

(2) if such Indebtedness, Disqualified Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock is secured by Liens on all or a portion of the
Collateral that rank junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing all or a portion of the Obligations, either the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio is no more than the greater of (A) 5.75:1.00 and (B) the Consolidated
Secured Leverage Ratio, in each case, as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, determined on a Pro Forma Basis (including a pro forma application of the net proceeds therefrom and giving pro forma effect to the
related acquisition, merger or amalgamation); and 

(3) if such Indebtedness, Disqualified Preferred Stock or
Preferred Stock is unsecured or secured by Liens on assets that do not constitute Collateral, at the election of the Borrower, either (A) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio is no more than the greater of (I) 6.00:1.00 and (II) the
Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, determined on a Pro Forma Basis (including a pro forma application of the net proceeds therefrom and giving pro 

142 

forma effect to the related acquisition, merger or amalgamation) or (B) the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio is greater than or equal to the lesser of (I) 2.00:1.00 and (II)
the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, determined on a proforma basis (including a proforma application of the net proceeds therefrom and giving proforma effect to the related acquisition, merger or amalgamation); and 

(C) in the case of any Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock acquired or assumed in reliance on clause (y) of the lead-in of this Section 6.01(b)(xiii) above: 

(1) such Indebtedness, Disqualified Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock shall not have been incurred in contemplation of
such acquisition; 

(2) if such Indebtedness, Disqualified Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock constitutes Secured
Indebtedness, (A) (I) such Indebtedness consists of Capitalized Lease Obligations or purchase money Indebtedness or (II) either (x) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred
Stock constituting such other Secured Indebtedness, together with all Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, shall not exceed, when aggregated with the outstanding principal amount of any Indebtedness, Disqualified Preferred Stock or Preferred
Stock acquired or assumed in reliance on Section 6.01(b)(xiii)(C)(3)(A) below, the greater of $340,000,000 and 75.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding
Capitalized Lease Obligations and purchase money Indebtedness), (y) the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio is no more than 5.75:1.00, determined on a Pro Forma Basis (giving pro forma effect to the related acquisition, merger or
amalgamation) or (z) after giving pro forma effect to such acquisition, merger or amalgamation, and the assumption of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio is less than or equal
to the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio immediately prior to such acquisition, merger or amalgamation and the assumption of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock and (B) after giving pro forma effect to such
acquisition, merger or amalgamation, the Borrower shall be in pro forma compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 6.10 (whether or not then in effect); and 

(3) if such Indebtedness, Disqualified Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock does not constitute Secured Indebtedness,
either (A) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock that does not constitute Secured Indebtedness, shall not exceed, when aggregated with the outstanding principal amount of any
Indebtedness, Disqualified Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock acquired or assumed in reliance on Section 6.01(b)(xiii)(C)(2)(x) above, the greater of $340,000,000 and 75.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently
ended Test Period (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding Capitalized Lease Obligations and purchase money Indebtedness), (B) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio is no more than 6.00:1.00, determined on a Pro Forma Basis (giving pro
forma effect to the related acquisition, merger or amalgamation) or (C) after giving pro forma effect to such acquisition, merger or amalgamation, and the assumption of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, the
Consolidated Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to the Consolidated Leverage Ratio immediately prior to such acquisition, merger or amalgamation and the assumption of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock; 

143 

provided the outstanding principal amount of any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Restricted Guarantor incurred
pursuant to sub-clause (x) of this clause (xiii) at any time shall not exceed the Non-Loan Party Debt Cap at such time; 

(xiv) Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar
instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business; 

(xv) Indebtedness of the Borrower or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries supported by a Letter of Credit in a principal amount not to exceed the face amount of such Letter of Credit; 

(xvi) (A) any guarantee by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of any
Restricted Subsidiary so long as such Indebtedness is permitted under this Agreement, or 

(B) any guarantee by a
Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Borrower; 

provided, that in the case of any guarantee of Material Indebtedness of the
Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor by any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Restricted Guarantor, such Restricted Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Guarantor under this Agreement; 

(xvii) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in an
aggregate principal amount not to exceed at any one time outstanding, together with any other Indebtedness incurred under this clause (xvii), the greater of $225,000,000 and 50.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently
ended Test Period; 

(xviii) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Borrower or a Restricted
Subsidiary incurred to finance or assumed in connection with an acquisition in a principal amount, together with all other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and/or Preferred Stock issued under this clause (xviii), not to exceed the greater of
$270,000,000 and 60.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period in the aggregate at any one time outstanding; 

(xix) Indebtedness issued by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to future, current or former directors,
officers, employees, members of management and consultants thereof or any direct or indirect parent thereof, their respective estates, heirs, family members, spouses or former spouses, in each case to finance the purchase or redemption of Capital
Stock of the Borrower, a Restricted Subsidiary or any of their respective direct or indirect parent companies to the extent permitted under Section 6.03(b); 

(xx) cash management obligations and Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft facilities, automated
clearing-house arrangements, employee credit card programs and similar arrangements in connection with cash management and deposit accounts; 

(xxi) Indebtedness consisting of (a) the financing of insurance premiums or (b) take or pay obligations
contained in supply arrangements, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 

(xxii) Indebtedness consisting of
obligations of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries under deferred compensation or similar arrangements incurred by such Person in the ordinary course of business in connection with the Transactions or any Investment expressly
permitted under this Agreement; 

144 

(xxiii) [Reserved]; 

(xxiv) any Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, any Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt, any Permitted
Unsecured Refinancing Debt, any Permitted First Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt, any Permitted Junior Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt and any Permitted Unsecured Incremental Equivalent Debt; and 

(xxv) unsecured Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding amount up to an amount equal to 100% of the amount of Restricted
Dividend Payments that are permitted at the time of incurrence to be made in reliance on Sections 6.03(a) (other than pursuant to paragraph (c) of the definition of Restricted Payment Applicable Amount) and/or
(b)(xi). 

(c) [Reserved]. 

(d) The accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value and the payment of interest or dividends in the form of additional
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, as applicable, will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock for purposes of this Section 6.01. 

(e) For purposes of determining compliance with any US Dollar-denominated restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the US
Dollar-equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was incurred, in the case of term debt, or first committed,
in the case of revolving credit debt; provided, that if such Indebtedness is incurred to refinance other Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, and such refinancing would cause the applicable US Dollar-denominated restriction to be
exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing, such US Dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing
Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced. 

(f) The principal amount of any
Indebtedness incurred to refinance other Indebtedness, if incurred in a different currency from the Indebtedness being refinanced, shall be calculated based on the currency exchange rate applicable to the currencies in which such respective
Indebtedness is denominated that is in effect on the date of such refinancing. 

Section 6.02. Liens. Create, incur,
assume or suffer to exist any Lien to secure Indebtedness or any Receivables Facility (except Permitted Liens) on any asset or property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any income or profits therefrom, or assign or convey any right
to receive income therefrom. 

Section 6.03. Restricted Payments. Make any Restricted Payment, other than: 

(a) Restricted Payments in an amount, together with the aggregate amount of all other Restricted Payments made pursuant to this
clause (a) by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Effective Date not to exceed the Restricted Payment Applicable Amount; provided, that, solely with respect to the application of any portion of the Restricted
Payment Applicable Amount utilized under paragraph (b) of the definition thereof towards any Restricted Dividend Payment, no Specified Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom. 

(b) Section 6.03(a) will not prohibit: 

(i) [reserved]; 

145 

(ii) (A) the redemption, repurchase, retirement or other
acquisition of any (1) Capital Stock (Treasury Capital Stock) of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or any Restricted Debt, or (2) Capital Stock of any direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower, in the case
of each of clause (1) and (2), in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) of, Capital Stock of the Borrower, or any direct or indirect
parent company of the Borrower to the extent contributed to the capital of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary (in each case, other than any Disqualified Stock) (Refunding Capital Stock), (B) the declaration and payment
of dividends on the Treasury Capital Stock out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) of the Refunding Capital Stock, and (C) if immediately prior to the retirement of
Treasury Capital Stock, the declaration and payment of dividends thereon was permitted under clauses (vi)(A) or (B) of this Section 6.03(b), the declaration and payment of dividends on the Refunding Capital Stock
(other than Refunding Capital Stock the proceeds of which were used to redeem, repurchase, retire or otherwise acquire any Capital Stock of any direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower) in an aggregate amount per year no greater than the
aggregate amount of dividends per annum that were declarable and payable on such Treasury Capital Stock immediately prior to such retirement; 

(iii) the payment, defeasance, redemption, repurchase, refinancing or other acquisition or retirement of Subordinated
Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Restricted Guarantor made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale of, new Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Restricted Guarantor, as the case may be, which is incurred in
compliance with Section 6.01 so long as: 

(A) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of
such new Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of (or accreted value, if applicable), plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Subordinated Indebtedness being so defeased, redeemed, repurchased, acquired or retired for value,
plus the amount of any premium required to be paid under the terms of the instrument governing the Subordinated Indebtedness being so defeased, redeemed, repurchased, acquired or retired and any fees and expenses incurred in connection with
the issuance of such new Indebtedness; 

(B) such new Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the
Obligations at least to the same extent as such Subordinated Indebtedness so purchased, exchanged, defeased, redeemed, repurchased, acquired or retired for value; 

(C) such new Indebtedness has a final scheduled maturity date equal to or later than the final scheduled maturity date of
the Subordinated Indebtedness being so defeased, redeemed, repurchased, acquired or retired; and 

(D) such new
Indebtedness has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Subordinated Indebtedness being so defeased, redeemed, repurchased, acquired or retired; 

(iv) Restricted Payments in respect of the repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of Capital
Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower or any of its direct or indirect parent companies held by any future, present or former director, officer, employee, member of management or consultant of the Borrower, any of its subsidiaries or
any of their respective direct or indirect parent companies (or their respective estates, heirs, family members, spouses or former spouses); provided, however, that the aggregate Restricted Payments made under this clause
(iv) do not exceed in any calendar year $85,000,000 (with unused amounts in any calendar year being carried over to succeeding calendar years subject to a maximum of $125,000,000); provided, further, that such amount in any
calendar year may be increased by an amount not to exceed: 

146 

(A) the cash proceeds from the sale of Capital Stock (other than
Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower and, to the extent contributed to the capital of the Borrower, Capital Stock of any of the direct or indirect parent companies of the Borrower, in each case to directors, officers, employees, members of management
or consultants of the Borrower, any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective direct or indirect parent companies (or their respective estates, heirs, family members, spouses or former spouses) since the Original Closing Date (other than
Capital Stock the proceeds of which are used to fund the Transactions), to the extent the cash proceeds from the sale of such Capital Stock have not otherwise been applied to the payment of Restricted Payments by virtue of Restricted Payment
Applicable Amount pursuant to Section 6.03(a); plus

(B) the cash proceeds of key person life
insurance policies received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Original Closing Date; less 

(C) the amount of any Restricted Payments previously made with the cash proceeds described in clauses (A) and
(B) of this clause (iv); 

and provided, further, that cancellation of Indebtedness owing to the Borrower
or any Restricted Subsidiary from directors, officers, employees, members of management or consultants of the Borrower, any of its subsidiaries or its direct or indirect parent companies in connection with a repurchase of Capital Stock of the
Borrower or any of the Borrowers direct or indirect parent companies will not be deemed to constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of this Agreement; 

(v) the declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Disqualified Stock of the Borrower or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries issued in accordance with Section 6.01; 

(vi) (A) the
declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) issued by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Original Closing Date; provided, that
the amount of dividends paid pursuant to this clause (A) shall not exceed the aggregate amount of cash actually received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary from the issuance of such Designated Preferred Stock; 

(B) a Restricted Payment to a direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries,
the proceeds of which will be used to fund the payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of such parent company issued after the Effective Date; provided, that the
amount of Restricted Payments paid pursuant to this clause (B) shall not exceed the aggregate amount of cash actually contributed to the capital of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary from the sale of such Designated Preferred Stock;
or 

(C) the declaration and payment of dividends on Refunding Capital Stock that is Preferred Stock in excess of the
dividends declarable and payable thereon pursuant to clause (ii) of this Section 6.03(b); 

provided,
however, in the case of each of clause (A), (B) and (C) of this clause (vi), that for the most recently ended Test Period immediately preceding the date of issuance of such Designated Preferred Stock or
the declaration of such dividends on Refunding Capital Stock that is Preferred Stock, after giving effect to such issuance or declaration on a pro forma basis, the Borrower could incur $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to
Section 6.01(a); 

(vii) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries having an aggregate fair market value,
taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (vii) that are at the time outstanding not to exceed the greater of $340,000,000 and 75.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test
Period; 

147 

(viii) repurchases, redemptions, retirements or other acquisitions of
Capital Stock deemed to occur (A) upon exercise of stock options or warrants if such Capital Stock represent a portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants and (B) in connection with the withholding of a portion of the Capital
Stock granted or awarded to any future, present or former employee, officer, director, member of management or consultant (or the estate, heirs, family members, spouse, former spouse, domestic partner or former domestic partner of any of the
foregoing) of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries and/or any Parent to pay for taxes payable by such Person upon such grant or award; 

(ix) Restricted Dividend Payments in respect of the Borrowers common stock of up to the greater of
(A) 7.00% per annum of the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower in or from the IPO (without duplication of any amounts that increase the Restricted Payment Applicable Amount) and (B) 7.00% per annum of Market
Capitalization; 

(x) Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed the Excluded Contribution Amount; 

(xi) other Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount, when taken together with all other Restricted Payments made
pursuant to this clause (xi), not to exceed the greater of $200,000,000 and 45.0% of EBITDA of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period at the time made; provided, that no Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing or would result therefrom; 

(xii) distributions or payments of Receivables Fees; 

(xiii) if applicable, any Restricted Payment used to fund the Transactions and the fees and expenses related thereto or
owed to Affiliates and, to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into and consummate the Transactions; 

(xiv) the repurchase, redemption or other acquisition or retirement for value of any Restricted Debt upon the occurrence
of a Change of Control (so long as such Change of Control has been waived by the Required Lenders); 

(xv) the
declaration and payment of dividends or the payment of other distributions by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary to, or the making of loans or advances to, any of the Borrowers direct or indirect parent companies in amounts required for
any direct or indirect parent companies to pay, in each case without duplication: 

(A) franchise taxes and other
fees, taxes and expenses required to maintain their legal existence; 

(B) federal, foreign, state and local income or
franchise taxes; provided, that, in each fiscal year, the amount of such payments shall be equal to the amount that the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries would be required to pay in respect of federal, foreign, state and local income
or franchise taxes if such entities were corporations paying taxes separately from any parent entity at the highest combined applicable federal, foreign, state, local or franchise tax rate for such fiscal year; 

(C) customary salary, bonus and other benefits payable to officers and employees of any direct or indirect parent company
of the Borrower to the extent such salaries, bonuses and other benefits are attributable to the ownership or operation of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

148 

(D) general corporate operating and overhead costs and expenses of any
direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower to the extent such costs and expenses are attributable to the ownership or operation of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(E) fees, indemnity and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions; 

(F) fees and expenses other than to Affiliates of the Borrower related to (1) any equity or debt offering of such
parent entity (whether or not successful) and (2) any Investment otherwise permitted under this covenant (whether or not successful); 

(G) Public Company Costs; 

(H) cash payments in lieu of issuing fractional shares in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other
securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent; and 

(I) to finance Investments otherwise permitted to be made pursuant to this Section 6.03; provided,
that (1) such Restricted Payment shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of such Investment; (2) such direct or indirect parent company shall, immediately following the closing thereof, cause (x) all property
acquired (whether assets or Capital Stock) to be contributed to the capital of the Borrower or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries or (y) the merger or amalgamation of the Person formed or acquired into the Borrower or one of its Restricted
Subsidiaries (to the extent not prohibited by Section 6.04) in order to consummate such Investment, in each case, subject to the limitations set forth in clauses (r), (h) and (m) of, and the proviso set
forth at the end of, the definition of Permitted Investment; (3) such direct or indirect parent company and its Affiliates (other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) receives no consideration or other payment in connection with such
transaction except to the extent (x) the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary could have given such consideration or made such payment in compliance with this Agreement or (y) such consideration is promptly contributed to the Borrower or a
Restricted Subsidiary; (4) any property received by the Borrower shall not increase amounts available for Restricted Payments pursuant to Section 6.03(a) and (5) such Investment shall be deemed to be made by the Borrower or a
Restricted Subsidiary by another paragraph of this Section 6.03 or pursuant to the definition of Permitted Investments (other than clause (i) thereof); 

(xvi) the distribution, by dividend or otherwise, of shares of Capital Stock of, or Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or
a Restricted Subsidiary by, Unrestricted Subsidiaries (other than Unrestricted Subsidiaries, the primary assets of which (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) are cash and/or Cash Equivalents that were contributed to such Unrestricted
Subsidiaries as an Investment pursuant to clause (vii) of this Section 6.03(b)); provided, that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; 

(xvii) payments or distributions to dissenting stockholders pursuant to applicable law, pursuant to or in connection with
a consolidation, merger, amalgamation or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that complies with Section 6.04; provided, that if as a result of such
consolidation, merger, amalgamation or transfer of assets, a Change of Control has occurred, such Change of Control has been consented to or waived by the Required Lenders; 

149 

(xviii) the prepayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance or other
acquisition for value of any Restricted Debt; provided, that (A) immediately after giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis, the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio is no greater than 4.75:1.00 and (B) no Event of Default shall
have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; 

(xix) (A) the making of any Restricted Investment,
provided, that at the time of making such Restricted Investment, and immediately after giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis, the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio is no greater than 5.00:1.00 and (B) the making of any
Restricted Dividend Payment, provided, that at the time of making such Restricted Dividend Payment, and immediately after giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis, (I) the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio is no greater than
4.75:1.00 and (II) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; and 

(xx) any
payment in connection with (or to allow any parent company to make any payment in connection with) (A) any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and/or (B) the settlement of any Permitted Warrant Transaction by (1) delivery of shares of
the Borrowers or any parent companys common equity upon settlement thereof and/or (2) by (x) set-off against the related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or (y) payment of an early termination amount in common equity upon
any early termination thereof. 

(c) For purposes of designating any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, all
outstanding Investments by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (except to the extent repaid) in the subsidiary so designated will be deemed to be Restricted Payments in an amount determined as set forth in the last sentence of the
definition of Investment. Such designation will be permitted only if a Restricted Payment in such amount would be permitted at such time (whether pursuant to any applicable provision of this Section 6.03 or as a
Permitted Investment) and if such subsidiary otherwise meets the definition of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to any of the mandatory prepayments, representations and warranties, covenants or
events of default set forth in the Loan Documents. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 6.03 shall not permit an IP
Separation Transaction. 

Section 6.04. Fundamental Changes. (a) The Borrower may not consolidate, merge or
amalgamate with or into or wind up into (whether or not the Borrower is the surviving corporation), and the Borrower may not sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in one or more related transactions, to any Person unless: 

(i) (A) the Borrower is the surviving Person or the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation, merger or
amalgamation (if other than the Borrower) or (B) the Person to whom such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition will have been made is organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, the
District of Columbia or any territory thereof (such Person, the Successor Company); 

(ii) the
Successor Company, if other than the Borrower, expressly assumes all the Obligations of the Borrower pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and 

(iii) each Subsidiary Guarantor, unless it is the other party to the transactions described above, in which case clause
(i)(B) of Section 6.04(c) shall apply, shall have reaffirmed its Obligations under the applicable Loan Documents to which it is a party pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

150 

; it being understood that any Successor Company will succeed to, and be substituted for the
Borrower under the Loan Documents. 

(b) Subject to the other provisions of Section 6.04(a), 

(i) a Restricted Subsidiary may consolidate or amalgamate with or merge into or transfer all or part of its properties
and assets to (A) the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary or (B) any other Person so long as the transaction does not violate Section 6.05 or is consummated to effectuate any transaction permitted by
Section 6.03 and/or Section 6.05 and 

(ii) the Borrower may merge with an Affiliate of the
Borrower solely for the purpose of reorganizing the Borrower in a different State of the United States, so long as the amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries is not increased thereby. 

(c) No Subsidiary Guarantor will, and the Borrower will not permit any Subsidiary Guarantor to, consolidate, merge or amalgamate with or
into or wind up into (whether or not the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor is the surviving corporation), to any Person unless: 

(i) (A) a Subsidiary Guarantor is the surviving Person; or 

(B) (1) the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation, merger or amalgamation (if other than a Subsidiary
Guarantor) is organized or existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such Subsidiary Guarantor or the laws of the United States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia, or any territory thereof (such Subsidiary Guarantor or
Person, the Successor Subsidiary Person) and (2) the Successor Subsidiary Person, if other than such Subsidiary Guarantor, expressly assumes all the Obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to documentation
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; or 

(ii) the transaction does not violate
Section 6.05 or is consummated to effectuate any transaction permitted by Section 6.03 and/or Section 6.05; 

In the case of clause (i)(B) above, the Successor Subsidiary Person will succeed to, and be substituted for, such Subsidiary Guarantor
under the applicable Loan Documents. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.04, (i) any Subsidiary
Guarantor may merge into, amalgamate with or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to another Restricted Subsidiary or the Borrower, (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary may dissolve or liquidate its affairs (or consummate an
analogous transaction) if (x) the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and (y) if the relevant dissolving or
liquidating Restricted Subsidiary is a Loan Party, the assets of such Restricted Subsidiary are transferred to another Loan Party or such transfer is otherwise treated as an Investment and permitted by Section 6.03 and (iii) any
Subsidiary Guarantor may merge into, amalgamate with or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to another Subsidiary Guarantor or the Borrower without the necessity of complying with any requirement to provide the documentation described
in Section 6.04(a)(iii). 

Section 6.05. Asset Sales. Cause or make an Asset Sale, unless: 

(a) the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, receives consideration at least equal to the fair market value (as
determined in good faith by the Borrower at the time of the execution of the definitive agreement with respect to such Asset Sale) of the assets sold or otherwise disposed of; 

151 

(b) except in the case of a Permitted Asset Swap, at least 75% of the consideration
therefor received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, is in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents (determined in good faith by the Borrower at the time of the execution of the definitive agreement with respect to such
Asset Sale); provided, that the amount of: 

(i) any liabilities (as shown on the Borrowers or such
Restricted Subsidiarys most recent balance sheet or in the footnotes thereto) of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the Obligations or that are owed to the Borrower or a
Restricted Subsidiary, that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets and for which the Borrower and all of its Restricted Subsidiaries have been validly released by all creditors in writing; 

(ii) any securities received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by the
Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash (to the extent of the cash received) within 180 days following the closing of such Asset Sale; and 

(iii) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in such Asset Sale
having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (iii) that is at that time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of $405,000,000 and 90.0% of EBITDA
of the Borrower as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period at the time of the execution of the definitive agreement with respect to the relevant Asset Sale, with the fair market value of each item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration being
measured at the time of the execution of the definitive agreement with respect to the relevant Asset Sale without giving effect to subsequent changes in value, 

shall be deemed to be cash for purposes of this provision and for no other purpose. 

To the extent any Collateral is disposed of pursuant to a Permitted Asset Sale or as permitted by this Section 6.05 or pursuant to
any disposition that does not constitute an Asset Sale but is otherwise not prohibited under this Agreement, in each case, to any Person other than a Loan Party, such Collateral shall be disposed of free and clear of the Liens created by the Loan
Documents, and the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be authorized to take any actions deemed appropriate in order to effect the foregoing. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall consummate any Asset Sale that constitutes an IP
Separation Transaction. 

Section 6.06. [Reserved] 

Section 6.07. Restrictive Agreements. Enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that
prohibits: 

(a) any Loan Party from creating, incurring or permitting to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets to secure
the Obligations (as the Obligations are in effect on the date on which such agreement or arrangement is entered into and after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC and/or any other applicable requirement of law); or

(b) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party from paying dividends or other distributions with respect to any of its
Capital Stock; 

provided, that the foregoing shall not apply to: 

(i) restrictions and conditions imposed by law, by any Loan Document, by any documentation governing any Permitted First
Priority Refinancing Debt, any Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt, any Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt, any Permitted First Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt, any Permitted Junior Priority Incremental Equivalent Debt, any Permitted
Unsecured 

152 

Incremental Equivalent Debt, any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred in reliance on Section 6.01(a), Section 6.01(b)(ii),
Section 6.01(b)(xi), Section 6.01(b)(xiii), Section 6.01(b)(xviii) and/or Section 6.01(b)(xxv) or any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any of the foregoing Indebtedness, or (x) which exist
on the Effective Date or (y) to the extent contractual obligations permitted by clause (x) are set forth in an agreement evidencing Indebtedness, are set forth in any agreement evidencing any permitted renewal, extension or
refinancing of such Indebtedness so long as such renewal, extension or refinancing does not materially expand the scope of such contractual obligation; 

(ii) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to any sale of assets pending such sale;
provided, that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Person or property that is to be sold; 

(iii) restrictions and conditions (x) on any Foreign Subsidiary by the terms of any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock
or Preferred Stock of such Foreign Subsidiary permitted to be incurred hereunder or (y) by the terms of the documentation governing any Receivables Facility that in the good faith determination of the Borrower are necessary or advisable to
effect such Receivables Facility; 

(iv) restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to Secured
Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the Person obligated under such Indebtedness and its subsidiaries or the property or assets intended to secure such Indebtedness; 

(v) contractual obligations binding on a Restricted Subsidiary at the time such Restricted Subsidiary first becomes a
Restricted Subsidiary, so long as such contractual obligations were not entered into solely in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary; 

(vi) restrictions and conditions imposed by the terms of the documentation governing any Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Loan Party, which Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock is permitted by Section 6.01; 

(vii) customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures
permitted under Section 6.03 or as Permitted Investments and applicable solely to such joint venture entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(viii) negative pledges and restrictions on Liens in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under
Section 6.01 but only if such negative pledge or restriction expressly permits Liens for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent and the Lenders with respect to the credit facilities established hereunder and
the Obligations under the Loan Documents on a senior basis and without a requirement that such holders of such Indebtedness be secured by such Liens equally and ratably or on a junior basis; 

(ix) restrictions on cash, other deposits or net worth imposed by customers or governmental or regulatory bodies under
contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(x) Secured Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be
incurred under Sections 6.01 and 6.02 that limits the right of the obligor to dispose of the assets securing such Indebtedness; 

(xi) restrictions (A) set forth in any agreement for any disposition of any Restricted Subsidiary (or all or
substantially all of the assets thereof) that restricts the payment of dividends or other distributions or the making of cash loans or advances by such Restricted Subsidiary pending such disposition and/or (B) relating to any asset (or all of
the assets) of and/or the Capital Stock of the 

153 

Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary which is imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into in connection with any Disposition of such asset (or assets) and/or all or a portion of the
Capital Stock of the relevant Person that is permitted or not restricted by this Agreement or that would result in the occurrence of the Termination Date; 

(xii) restrictions set forth in provisions in agreements or instruments which prohibit the payment of dividends or the
making of other distributions with respect to any class of Capital Stock of a Person other than on a pro rata basis; 

(xiii) any restriction created in connection with any factoring program implemented in the ordinary course of business,
so long as in the case of any prohibition on Liens, the relevant restriction relates solely to assets subject to such factoring program and the Capital Stock of any Person participating in such factoring program; 

(xiv) any encumbrances or restrictions of the type referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above
imposed by any amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings of the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in clauses (i) through (xii) above;
provided, that such amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings are, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, not materially more restrictive with respect to such
encumbrance and other restrictions taken as a whole than those prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing; 

(xv) customary subordination and/or subrogation provisions set forth in guaranty or similar documentation (not relating
to Indebtedness for borrowed money) that is entered into in the ordinary course of business; and 

(xvi) customary
provisions in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business. 

Section 6.08. Business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. Engage in any material line of business other than
Similar Businesses. 

Section 6.09. Modification of Certain Documentation. Amend, modify or change (other than in
connection with the incurrence of permitted Refinancing Indebtedness) (a) the subordination provisions of any Subordinated Financing Documentation (and the component definitions used therein) in a manner that is materially adverse to the
Lenders (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) or (b) any other term or condition of any Subordinated Financing Documentation with respect to Material Indebtedness, in the case of this clause (b), in any manner where, after giving
effect to such amendment, modification or change, such Indebtedness would not otherwise be permitted by Section 6.01. 

Section 6.10. Financial Covenant. Except with the written consent of the Required Revolving Lenders and subject to
Section 7.02, permit the Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last day of any Test Period to be greater than 7.25:1.00. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 6.10 shall only be in effect as of the last day
of any Test Period (commencing, if applicable, with the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Effective Date) if, at such time, the aggregate amount of (i) Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans outstanding at such time plus (ii) the
aggregate L/C Exposure at such time (excluding, in the case of this clause (ii), the maximum Stated Amount of undrawn Letters of Credit) exceeds as of the last day of such Test Period 35.0% of the aggregate amount of all Revolving Credit
Commitments in effect as of the last day of such Test Period. 

154 

Section 6.11. Accounting Changes. Make any change in its fiscal year;
provided, however, that the Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, change its fiscal year to any other fiscal year reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in which case, the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized by Lenders to, make any adjustments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that are necessary to reflect such change in fiscal year. 

ARTICLE VII 

Events of
Default

Section 7.01. Events of Default. In case of the happening of any of the following events (Events of
Default): 

(a) any representation or warranty made or deemed made in any Loan Document or any representation, warranty,
statement or information contained in any document required to be furnished pursuant to any Loan Document, shall prove to have been false or misleading in any material respect when so made, deemed made or furnished; it being understood and agreed
that if the relevant representation and warranty is capable of being cured (including by the delivery of a restated certification or calculation or restated financial statements), no Event of Default may arise under this Section 7.01(a)
with respect to such representation and warranty unless such representation and warranty remains incorrect in any material respect for a period of 30 days following the delivery of a written notice by the Administrative Agent of the relevant
inaccuracy to the Borrower; 

(b) default shall be made in (i) the payment of any principal of any Loan when and as the same
shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for mandatory prepayment thereof or by acceleration thereof or otherwise or (ii) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount required to be prepaid and/or
Cash Collateralized pursuant to Section 2.13(a)(iii); 

(c) default shall be made in the payment of any reimbursement
with respect to any L/C Disbursement, interest on any Loan or L/C Disbursement or any Fee or other amount (other than an amount referred to in paragraph (b) above) due under any Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and
payable, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of five Business Days; 

(d) default shall be made in the due
observance or performance by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.01(a) (with respect to the Borrower), Section 5.05(a) (provided, that any Event of
Default arising from a failure to deliver any notice of Default or Event of Default shall automatically be deemed to have been cured (and no longer continuing) immediately upon the earlier to occur of (x) the delivery of notice of the relevant
Default or Event of Default and (y) the cessation of the existence of the underlying Default or Event of Default) or in Article VI; provided, that, notwithstanding this clause (d): 

(i) any breach of Section 6.10 is subject to cure as provided in Section 7.02, and 

(ii) no Event of Default may arise under Section 6.10 until the earlier of (A) the 15th Business Day
after the day on which the relevant Pricing Certificate is required to be delivered (unless the Cure Right has been exercised three times in the applicable four consecutive Fiscal Quarter period), and then only to the extent the Cure Amount has not
been received on or prior to such date and (B) the date (if any) on which the Borrower delivers written notice to the Administrative Agent that the Cure Right with respect to such breach will not be exercised (it being understood and agreed for
the avoidance of doubt that the Borrower shall not have any obligation to deliver any such notice to the Administrative Agent); 

(e) default shall be made in the due observance or performance by any Loan Party or its Restricted Subsidiaries of any covenant,
condition or agreement contained in any Loan Document (other than those specified in paragraphs (b), (c) or (d) above) and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof
from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower; 

155 

(f) (i) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall fail to pay any principal or
interest, regardless of amount, due in respect of any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that, in the aggregate, constitutes Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable (after giving effect to
any applicable grace period), which failure enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause such Indebtedness to
become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity or that is a failure to pay such Indebtedness at its maturity or (ii) any other event or condition occurs that results
in any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that, in the aggregate, constitutes Material Indebtedness (other than for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to such Indebtedness consisting of Hedging Obligations, termination
events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of the relevant documentation which are not the result of any default thereunder by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary) becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or
permits (after giving effect to any applicable grace period) the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause such Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or
defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided, that: 

(A) this clause (ii) shall
not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness if such sale or transfer is otherwise permitted hereunder, 

(B) any failure described under clauses (i) or (ii) above is unremedied and is not waived by the
holders of such Indebtedness prior to any termination of the Commitments or acceleration of the Loans pursuant to Article VII; 

(C) is understood and agreed that the occurrence of any event described in this clause (f) that would, prior
to the expiration of any applicable grace period, permit the holder or holders of the relevant Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause (with the giving of notice, if required) such Indebtedness to become or
be declared due and payable (or redeemable) prior to its stated maturity or the stated maturity of any underlying obligation, as the case may be, will not result in a Default or Event of Default under this Agreement prior to the expiration of such
grace period; and 

(D) any conversion of, or trigger of conversion rights with respect to, any convertible debt
security (whether or not such conversion is to be settled in cash or Capital Stock or any combination thereof) shall not constitute an Event of Default unless such conversion results from an event of default thereunder or a change of
control, fundamental change or similar occurrence thereunder. 

(g) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or
an involuntary petition shall be filed in a court of competent jurisdiction seeking (i) relief in respect of the Borrower and/or any Significant Subsidiary, or of a substantial part of the property or assets of the Borrower and/or any
Significant Subsidiary, under Title 11 of the United States Code or any other Federal, state, provincial or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, arrangement, restructuring or similar law, (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee,
custodian, sequestrator, conservator, monitor or similar official for the Borrower and/or any Significant Subsidiary for a substantial part of the property or assets of the Borrower and/or any Significant Subsidiary or (iii) the winding up or
liquidation of the Borrower and/or any Significant Subsidiary; and, in each case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; 

156 

(h) the Borrower and/or any Significant Subsidiary shall
(i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking relief under Title 11 of the United States Code or any other Federal, state, provincial or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, arrangement, restructuring or similar
law, (ii) consent to the institution of any proceeding or the filing of any petition described in paragraph (g) above, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator,
monitor or similar official for the Borrower and/or any Significant Subsidiary or for a substantial part of the property or assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a
petition filed against it or consent to any order requested in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) admit in writing its general inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become
due; 

(i) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount (to
the extent not covered by insurance as to which an insurance company has not denied coverage and/or an indemnity or similar arrangement from a third party (including any escrow arrangement) and the third party has not validly denied its indemnity
obligations) shall be rendered against the Borrower and/or any Significant Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) and the same shall not have been paid, vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending an appeal for a period of 60
consecutive days; provided, that it is understood and agreed that the occurrence of any event described in this clause (i) will not result in a Default or Event of Default under this Agreement prior to the expiration of such 60
consecutive day period; 

(j) (i) an ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has
resulted in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) a Pension Event occurs with respect to a Foreign Plan which has resulted in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(k) any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery, shall for any reason cease
to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with its terms or in accordance with the terms of the other Loan Documents), or any Loan Party contests in writing the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan
Document, or any Loan Party denies in writing that it has any or further liability thereunder (other than as a result of the discharge of such Loan Party in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents); 

(l) any Lien in respect of a material portion of the Collateral, taken as a whole, purported to be created by any
Security Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted in writing by any Loan Party not to be, a valid, perfected Lien having the priority contemplated thereby (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or such Security Document),
except to the extent that any lack of validity, perfection or priority results from the Collateral Agent (i) no longer having possession of any stock certificates, promissory notes or other instruments delivered to it under the Security
Documents or (ii) as a result of a Uniform Commercial Code filing having lapsed because Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements were not filed in a timely matter; or 

(m) there shall have occurred a Change of Control; 

then, and in every such event (A) (other than (x) an event with respect to the Borrower described in paragraph (g) or
(h) above, (y) as a result of any Event of Default arising under Section 7.01(d) (as a result of any breach of Section 6.10) and/or (z) any Event of Default arising under Section 7.01(a) as a
result of a breach of any representation or warranty made as a condition to any Credit Event or any deemed Credit Event), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the
Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate forthwith the Commitments, (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be forthwith due and
payable in whole or in part, whereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued Fees and all other liabilities of the Borrower accrued hereunder and under any other
Loan Document, shall become forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower, 

157 

anything contained herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding and (iii) require the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Exposures then outstanding; and in any
event with respect to the Borrower described in paragraph (g) or (h) above, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid
accrued Fees and all other liabilities of the Borrower accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Exposures as aforesaid shall
automatically become effective, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower, anything contained herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding
and (II) during the continuance of any Event of Default arising under (1) Section 7.01(d) (with respect to any breach of Section 6.10) and/or (2) Section 7.01(a) (as a result of a breach of any
representation or warranty made as a condition to any Credit Event or any deemed Credit Event) (A) upon the request of the Required Revolving Lenders (but not the Required Lenders or any other Lender or group of Lenders), the Administrative
Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate forthwith the Revolving Credit Commitments, (ii) declare the Revolving Loans then outstanding to be
forthwith due and payable in whole or in part, whereupon the principal of the Revolving Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued Fees and all other liabilities of the Borrower accrued
hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall become forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower, anything contained herein or in any
other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding and (iii) require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Exposure then outstanding and (B) on or after the date on which the rights under clause (A) immediately above are
exercised, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate forthwith any remaining
Commitments and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be forthwith due and payable in whole or in part, whereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all other
liabilities of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower, anything contained herein or in
any other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document: 

(A) neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall be permitted to deliver a notice of default or exercise any
right or remedy provided under any Loan Document or at law or equity, including any remedy provided under the UCC, with respect to any event, action or circumstance disclosed pursuant to a filing with the SEC, posted on the Platform or otherwise
reported to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent (including through any notice of Default or Event of Default) more than two years after the date of such disclosure, posting or other report; provided that such two year limitation shall not
apply if (x) the Administrative Agent has commenced any remedial action in respect of any such event, action or circumstance prior to the expiration of such two-year period or (y) the Borrower was aware that such event, action or
circumstance resulted in a Default or Event of Default and did not deliver a notice of Default or Event of Default to the Administrative Agent in respect thereof; and 

(B) neither (1) a breach or default by any Loan Party under Section 6.10(a) nor (2) any Event of
Default arising from the material inaccuracy of any representation or warranty made as a condition to any Credit Event or any deemed Credit Event will constitute an Event of Default with respect to any Term Loan unless and until the Required
Revolving Lenders have accelerated the Revolving Loans, terminated the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility and demanded repayment of, or otherwise accelerated, the Indebtedness or other obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and
have not rescinded such demand or acceleration. 

158 

Section 7.02. Right to Cure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Article VII, in the event that the Borrower fails to comply with the requirements of Section 6.10 as of the end of any relevant fiscal quarter, the Borrower shall have the right (the Cure
Right) (at any time during such fiscal quarter or thereafter until the date that is 15 Business Days after the date the Pricing Certificate is required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.04(c)) to issue Capital Stock (other
than Disqualified Stock) for cash or otherwise receive cash contributions to its equity for such Capital Stock (the Cure Amount), and thereupon the Borrowers compliance with Section 6.10 shall be recalculated
giving effect to the following pro forma adjustments: (i) EBITDA shall be increased, solely for the purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.10, including determining compliance with Section 6.10 as of
the end of such fiscal quarter and applicable subsequent periods that include such fiscal quarter by an amount equal to the Cure Amount and (ii) if, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculations, the requirements of
Section 6.10 shall be satisfied, then the requirements of Section 6.10 shall be deemed satisfied as of the end of the relevant fiscal quarter with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith at
such date, and the applicable breach or default of Section 6.10 that had occurred shall be deemed cured for the purposes of this Agreement (it being understood and agreed there shall be no pro forma or other reduction of the amount of
Indebtedness by the amount of any Cure Amount for purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.10 for the fiscal quarter in respect of which the Cure Right was exercised (other than, with respect to any future period, to the extent
of any portion of such Cure Amount that is actually applied to repay Indebtedness)). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) in each four fiscal quarter period there shall be a period of at least one fiscal quarter in which the
Cure Right is not exercised and (y) the Cure Amount shall be no greater than the amount required for purposes of complying with Section 6.10; provided, that no Lender or Issuing Bank shall be required to make any Revolving
Loan or issue any Letter of Credit from and after such time as the Administrative Agent has received the relevant Pricing Certificate (or such Pricing Certificate was required to be delivered) evidencing a Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio that
is not in compliance with Section 6.10 when applicable unless and until the Cure Amount is actually received and such Cure Amount causes the Borrower to be in compliance with Section 6.10. 

ARTICLE VIII 

The
Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent

Each of the Lenders and each Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints the
Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent are referred to collectively, as the Agents) its agent and authorizes the Agents to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise
such powers as are delegated to such Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents are hereby expressly authorized
to execute any and all documents (including releases) with respect to the Collateral and the rights of the Secured Parties with respect thereto, as contemplated by and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the Security Documents and
any Intercreditor Agreement. 

The bank serving as the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent hereunder shall have the same
rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with
the Borrower or any subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not an Agent hereunder. 

Neither Agent shall have any duties or
obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) neither Agent shall be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) neither Agent shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents and which
such Agent is instructed in writing to exercise by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.08); provided, that neither Agent
shall be required to take any discretionary action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent 

159 

to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, (c) each Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any discretionary action under any Loan
Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the relevant Required Lenders as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the relevant Lenders against any and all
liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action and (d) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, neither Agent shall have any duty to disclose, nor shall it be liable for
the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of the subsidiaries thereof that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent or any of its Affiliates in any
capacity. Neither Agent shall be liable to any Secured Party for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the
circumstances as provided in Section 9.08) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment). Neither Agent shall be deemed to
have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to such Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and neither Agent shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any
statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of
any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the
perfection or priority of any Lien or security interest created or purported to be created under the Security Documents or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to
confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to such Agent. 

Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur
any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. Each Agent may also rely upon any
statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower or any
Affiliate thereof), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in good faith and in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 

For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.02, each Lender that has signed this Agreement
shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall
have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Effective Date specifying its objection thereto. 

Each Agent may perform any
and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by it. Each Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective
Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of each Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the
syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Agent. 

Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a
successor Agent as provided below, any Agent may resign at any time by notifying in writing the relevant Lenders, each Issuing Bank (if applicable) and the Borrower. If any Agent is a Defaulting Lender or an Affiliate of a Defaulting Lender, either
the Required Lenders or the Borrower may, upon ten days notice, remove the Administrative Agent. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation or removal of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, the Required Lenders shall have the
right, with the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, and provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under paragraphs (g)(i) or
(h) of Section 7.01), to appoint a successor (other than a Disqualified 

160 

Institution) which shall be a commercial banking institution organized under the laws of the United States or any State or a United States branch or agency of a commercial banking institution, in
each case having a combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000. 

If no successor agent is appointed prior to the effective date
of resignation of the relevant Agent specified by such Agent in its notice (which shall not be less than 30 days after receipt of such notice), the resigning Agent may appoint, after consulting with the relevant Lenders and obtaining the consent of
the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, and provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if a Specified Default has occurred and is continuing), a successor agent from among the Required Lenders. If no
successor agent has accepted appointment as the successor agent by the date which is 30 days following the retiring Agents notice of resignation, the retiring Agents resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the
Required Lenders (or one or more Lenders designated by them) shall perform all of the duties of such Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of any
appointment as an Agent hereunder by a successor and upon the execution and filing or recording of such financing statements, or amendments thereto, and such amendments or supplements to the Security Documents, and such other instruments or notices,
as may be necessary or desirable, or as the Required Lenders may request, in order to (a) continue the perfection of the Liens granted or purported to be granted by the Security Documents or (b) otherwise ensure that the obligations under
Section 5.09 are satisfied, the successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, discretion, privileges, and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its
duties and obligations under the Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After an Agents
resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.05 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be
taken by any of them while acting as Agent. 

Solely in the circumstance where (a) the Borrower has incurred one or more Classes of
Other Revolving Credit Commitments and/or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, and (b) JPMorgan or any of its Affiliates then acting as the Swingline Lender and/or the Issuing Bank has not agreed in writing to continue to
serve in the capacity of Swingline Lender and/or Issuing Bank for such Class(es) of Other Revolving Credit Commitments or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments with a stated Maturity Date later than the latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date with
respect to its Revolving Credit Commitments, then upon the written request of the Borrower (which must be approved (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) by the Required Lenders), JPMorgan or any of its Affiliates shall resign as
Agents, with such resignation becoming effective immediately upon the appointment of (and acceptance by) a Person reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Required Lenders as successor Agents. Upon any such appointment and acceptance by
successor Agents as provided in the foregoing sentence, the provisions of the third, fourth and fifth sentence of the immediately preceding paragraph shall apply to the resigning Agents. 

None of the Lenders or other Persons identified on the cover page or signature pages of this Agreement as a syndication agent,
documentation agent, bookrunner or arranger shall have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the
foregoing, none of the Lenders or other Persons so identified shall have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender. 

Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Agents, the Arrangers, the Documentation Agents or any other
Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agents,
the Arrangers, the Documentation Agents or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this
Agreement or any other Loan Document, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 

161 

To the extent required by any applicable law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any
interest payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax. If the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid
to or for the account of any Lender because the appropriate form was not delivered or was not properly executed or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance which rendered the exemption from, or
reduction of, withholding tax ineffective or for any other reason, such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as tax or otherwise, including any penalties or
interest and together with all expenses (including legal expenses, allocated internal costs and out-of-pocket expenses) incurred. 

In case
of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (irrespective
of whether the Obligations shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether such Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such
proceeding or otherwise: 

(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the Obligations and to file such other documents as
may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and each Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of such Lenders and each such Agent and their respective agents and
counsel and all other amounts due such Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.05 and 9.05) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by
each Lender to make such payments to such Agent and, in the event such Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Agents and their respective agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.05 and 9.05. 

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize any Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any relevant Lender
any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any relevant Lender to authorize such Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any such Lender in any such proceeding. 

Each Issuing Bank shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated
therewith, and each Issuing Bank shall have all of the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Agents in this Article VIII with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such Issuing Bank in connection with Letters of Credit
issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and the applications and agreements for letters of credit pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Agent as used in this Article VIII included such Issuing Bank
with respect to such acts or omissions and (ii) as additionally provided herein with respect to such Issuing Bank. 

It is understood
and agreed that: 

(a) Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender or
Issuing Bank that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender or Issuing Bank from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of
principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment) were erroneously transmitted to such Lender or Issuing Bank (whether or not known to such Lender 

162 

or Issuing Bank), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender or Issuing Bank shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter (or such later
date as the Administrative Agent, may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest
thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or Issuing Bank to the date such amount is repaid to the
Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by
applicable Requirements of Law, such Lender or Issuing Bank shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by
the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payment received, including, without limitation, any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Issuing Bank under
this Section 8.14 shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(b) Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby further agrees that if
it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates)
with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice) or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender
and Issuing Bank agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware that any Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender or Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and,
upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent, may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative
Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and
including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or Issuing Bank to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in
accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

(c) The Borrower hereby agrees that
in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Lender or Issuing Bank that has received such erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, (x) the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the
rights of such Lender or Issuing Bank with respect to such amount (it being understood and agreed that aggregate Obligations of the Loan Parties shall not be increased as a result of the application of this clause (c)) and (y) an
erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligation owed by the Borrower, except, in each case, to the extent such erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such erroneous Payment that
is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from (or on behalf of ) the Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making such Payment. 

(d) Each partys obligations under clauses (a) through (c) above shall survive the resignation or
replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or Issuing Bank, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan
Document. 

ARTICLE IX 

Miscellaneous

Section 9.01. Notices. Notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by
hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by fax or, subject to the terms of the immediately succeeding paragraph, electronic mail, as follows: 

163 

(a) if to the Borrower, to them at: 

3311 East Old Shakopee Road 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 55425 

Attention of: William McDonald 

Email: William.Mcdonald@ceridian.com 

Attention of: Nick Cucci 

Email: Nick.Cucci@Ceridian.com 

and (with shall not constitute notice): 

Benton Lewis 

Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP 

767 Fifth Avenue New York, New York 10153 

(Fax No. (212) 310-8007) 

Email: benton.lewis@weil.com 

(b) if to JPMorgan as Administrative Agent or as an Issuing Bank or a Swingline Lender, 

to: 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

4041 Ogletown Stanton Road, Floor 2 

Newark, Delaware 19713 

Attention of: Cassandra Haas and Samuel Stasio 

and (with shall not constitute notice): 

Rajani Gupta 

White & Case LLP 

1221 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10020 

Email: rajani.gupta@whitecase.com 

Christoffer Adler 

White & Case LLP 

555 South Flower Street, Suite 2700 

Los Angeles, California 90071 

Email: cadler@whitecase.com 

and 

(c) if to a Lender, to it at its address (or fax number) set forth on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Acceptance
pursuant to which such Lender shall have become a party hereto. 

All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt if delivered by hand or overnight courier service or sent by fax or electronic mail or on the date 3 Business Days after dispatch if sent by
certified or registered mail, in each case, delivered, sent or mailed (properly addressed) to such party as 

164 

provided in this Section 9.01 or in accordance with the latest unrevoked direction from such party given in accordance with this Section 9.01. As agreed to among the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lenders from time to time in writing, notices and other communications may also be delivered or furnished by e-mail. All such notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be
deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement); provided, that if
not given during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. 

Section 9.02. Survival of Agreement. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower and
each other Loan Party herein or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the Agents, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, shall survive the making by the Lenders of the Loans and the issuance of Letters of Credit by each
Issuing Bank and shall continue in force and effect until the Termination Date, regardless of any investigation made by the Agents, the Lenders or such Issuing Bank or on their behalf, and notwithstanding that any Agent, any Lender or any Issuing
Bank may have had notice or actual knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Event. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.17, 2.21 and 9.05 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the
expiration of the term of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of any of the Loans, the expiration of the Commitments, the expiration of any Letter of Credit, the invalidity or unenforceability of
any term or provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank, but in each case subject to the express limitations set
forth in this Agreement. 

Section 9.03. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall become effective upon the occurrence of
the Effective Date. 

Section 9.04. Successors and Assigns. (a) Whenever in this Agreement any of the parties
hereto is referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include the permitted successors and assigns of such party, and all covenants, promises and agreements by or on behalf of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any
Issuing Bank or the Lenders that are contained in this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective permitted successors and assigns. 

(b) Each Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees (in each case, other than to Disqualified Institutions) all or a portion of
its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans of any Class at the time owing to it); provided, however, that (i) each of the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower must give its prior written consent to such assignment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, that (x) no such consent shall be required to any such assignment of (1) Term Loans made to a
Term Lender or an Affiliate or Related Fund of a Term Lender (in each case, other than to Disqualified Institutions) (each, a Term Qualifying Eligible Assignee) or (2) Revolving Loans and/or Revolving Credit Commitments made
to a Revolving Credit Lender or an Affiliate of a Revolving Credit Lender so long as such Affiliate has similar creditworthiness and Letter of Credit capabilities as the assigning Revolving Credit Lender (in each case, other than to Disqualified
Institutions) (each, a Revolving Qualifying Eligible Assignee and, together with each Term Qualifying Eligible Assignee, the Qualifying Eligible Assignees), (y) the consent of the Borrower shall not be
required during the continuance of any Specified Default and (z) the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to an assignment of all or a portion of the Term Loans unless it shall have objected to the relevant proposed assignment by written
notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received written notice thereof, (ii) in the case of any assignment of a Revolving Credit Commitment of any Class, each Issuing Bank must, to the extent its L/C
Exposure equals or exceeds $5,000,000, give its prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), (iii) in the case of any assignment, other than assignments of Term Loans to any Qualifying Eligible Assignee,
(x) the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment of the assigning Lender of a given Class (or, in the case of an assignment of Loans after such Revolving Credit Commitment of any Class has expired or been terminated, the aggregate Principal
Amount of the Loans of the assigning Lenders of 

165 

such Class) subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date of the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less
than $5,000,000 (or, if less, the entire remaining amount (or, Principal Amount, as applicable) of such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment (or Loans) of such Class) and shall be in an amount (or, Principal Amount, as applicable) of any Class
that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 (or the entire remaining amount (or, Principal Amount, as applicable) of such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment (or Loans) of the applicable Class) and (y) the amount of the Term Loans of any
Class of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date of the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $1,000,000 (or, if less, the
entire remaining amount of such Lenders Term Loans of any Class) and shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 (or the entire remaining amount of such Lenders Term Loans of any Class); provided, however,
that simultaneous assignments of Term Loans to two or more Related Funds shall be combined for purposes of determining whether the minimum assignment requirement is met, (iv) the parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the
Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance (such Assignment and Acceptance to be (A) electronically executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent via an electronic settlement system then acceptable to the Administrative Agent (or,
if previously agreed with the Administrative Agent, manually), and (B) delivered together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500, unless waived or reduced by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion; provided, that only
one such fee shall be payable in connection with simultaneous assignments by or to two or more Related Funds) and (v) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender immediately prior to the assignment, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an
Administrative Questionnaire and the tax forms required under Section 2.21(e) or (f), as applicable. Upon acceptance and recording pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section 9.04, from and after the
effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, (A) the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under
this Agreement and (B) the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance
covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.17,
2.21 and 9.05 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment, as well as to any Fees accrued for its account and not yet paid). This clause (b) shall not prohibit any Lender
from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate Classes or Commitments on a non-pro rata basis. Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, Goldman Sachs Bank USA may assign its Commitments or Loans to Goldman
Sachs Lending Partners LLC without the consent of any party hereto. 

(c) By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance,
the assigning Lender thereunder and the assignee thereunder shall be deemed to confirm to and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows: (i) such assigning Lender warrants that it is the legal and beneficial owner of the
interest being assigned thereby free and clear of any adverse claim and that its Revolving Credit Commitment of the applicable Class, and the outstanding balances of its Term Loans of the applicable Class and Revolving Loans of the applicable Class,
in each case without giving effect to assignments thereof which have not become effective, are as set forth in such Assignment and Acceptance, (ii) except as set forth in clause (i) above, such assigning Lender makes no
representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement, or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or
value of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto, or the financial condition of the Borrower or any subsidiary or the performance or observance by the Borrower or any subsidiary of any of
its obligations under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto, (iii) such assignee represents and warrants that it is legally authorized to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance,
(iv) such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, together with copies of the most recent Section 5.04 Financial Statements (or prior to the delivery thereof, the financial statements referred to in
Section 3.05), any Intercreditor Agreement and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance, (v) such assignee will
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, such assigning Lender 

166 

or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this
Agreement, (vi) such assignee appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative Agent and the
Collateral Agent, respectively, by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, (vii) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all the obligations which by the terms of this
Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender, (viii) such assignee agrees to be bound by any Intercreditor Agreement, (ix) such assignee confirms that such assignee shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under
Sections 2.15, 2.17 or 2.21 than such assigning Lender would have been entitled to receive as of the date of such assignment with respect to the interest being assigned, except to the extent that the entitlement to any greater
payment results from any Change in Law after the date of such assignment and (x) such assignee confirms that it is not a Disqualified Institution or an Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution, provided, that in connection therewith, upon
the request of any Lender or at the request of any potential assignee, the Administrative Agent shall make available to such Lender the list of Disqualified Institutions at the relevant time and such Lender may provide the list to any potential
assignee for the purpose of verifying whether such Person is a Disqualified Institution. 

(d) The Administrative Agent, acting
solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and any changes thereto,
whether by assignment or otherwise, and the relevant Commitment (by Class) of, and principal amount of the relevant Loans (by Class) (and related interest amount and fees with respect to such Loan) owing and paid to, each Lender pursuant to the
terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders
shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the
Borrower at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(e) Upon its receipt of, and consent to, a duly
completed Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, an Administrative Questionnaire completed in respect of the assignee (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee
referred to in paragraph (b) above, if applicable, and the written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Issuing Banks to such assignment (in each case to the extent required pursuant to paragraph
(b) above) and any applicable tax forms required by Section 2.21(e) and/or (f), as applicable, the Administrative Agent shall (i) accept such Assignment and Acceptance and (ii) promptly record the information
contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph (e). 

(f) Each Lender may without the consent of the Borrower, any Swingline Lender, any Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent sell
participations to one or more banks or other Persons (other than to Disqualified Institutions, any natural Person or, other than with respect to any participation to any Debt Fund Affiliate (any such participations to a Debt Fund Affiliate being
subject to the limitation set forth in the first proviso of the penultimate paragraph set forth in Section 9.04(k), as if the limitation applied to such participations), the Borrower or any of its Affiliates) in all or a portion of its
rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of any Class of its Commitment and any Class of the Loans owing to it and its participations in the L/C Exposure and/or Swingline Loans); provided, however, that
(i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (iii) the participating banks or
other Persons shall be entitled to the benefit of the cost protection provisions contained in Sections 2.15, 2.17 and 2.21 (subject to the requirements and limitations of such Sections) to the same extent as if they were Lenders (but,
with respect to any particular participant, to no greater extent than the Lender that sold the participation to such participant and in the case of Section 2.21, only to the extent the taxes do not result from a failure by such
participant to 

167 

provide any form of information that it would have been required to provide under such Section if it were a Lender), (iv) to the extent permitted by applicable law, each participant also
shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.06 as though it were a Lender, so long as such participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.19 as though it were a Lender, (v) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, each
Issuing Bank, each Swingline Lender and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, and such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce
the obligations of the Borrower relating to the Loans or L/C Disbursements and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement (other than amendments, modifications or waivers described in clauses (i),
(ii) and (iii) of Section 9.08(b) as it pertains to the Class of Loans or Commitments in which such participant has an interest) and (vi) each Revolving Credit Lender shall deliver written notice to the
Borrower of its intention to sell participations in its Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving Loans (including the identity of any prospective participant) at least three Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such participation. Each
Lender selling a participation to a participant shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, keep a register, meeting the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 5f.103-1(c), of each such participation,
specifying such participants name, address and entitlement to payments of principal and interest with respect to such participation (the Participant Register). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive,
absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation as the owner thereof for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.
In addition, each such Lender shall provide the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with the applicable forms, certificates and statements described in Section 2.21(e) and/or (f) hereof, as applicable, as if such
participant was a Lender hereunder. 

(g) If any assignment or participation under this Section 9.04 is made to any
Disqualified Institution and/or any Affiliate of any Disqualified Institution (other than any Bona Fide Debt Fund) and/or any other Person to whom the Borrowers consent is required but not obtained, in each case, without the Borrowers
prior written consent (any such person, a Disqualified Person), then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the applicable Disqualified Person and the Administrative Agent, (A) terminate any
Commitment of such Disqualified Person and repay all obligations of the Borrower owing to such Disqualified Person, (B) in the case of any outstanding Loan and/or participation in any Letter of Credit and/or Swingline Loan held by such
Disqualified Person, purchase such Loan and/or participation by paying the lesser of (x) par and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Person paid to acquire such Loans and/or participations and/or (C) require such Disqualified Person
to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 9.04), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees; provided that
(I) in the case of clause (B), the applicable Disqualified Person has received payment of an amount equal to the lesser of (1) par and (2) the amount that such Disqualified Person paid for the applicable Loans and/or
participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans, as applicable, plus accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the Borrower, (II) in the case of clauses (A) and (B),
the Borrower shall not be liable to the relevant Disqualified Person under Section 2.17 if any SOFR Loan owing to such Disqualified Person is repaid or purchased other than on the last day of the Interest Period relating thereto, (III)
in the case of clause (C), the relevant assignment shall otherwise comply with this Section 9.05 (except that (x) no registration and processing fee required under this Section 9.05 shall be required with any
assignment pursuant to this paragraph and (y) any Term Loan acquired by any Affiliated Lender pursuant to this paragraph will not be included in calculating compliance with the Affiliated Lender Cap for a period of 90 days following such
transfer; provided that, to the extent the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans held by Affiliated Lenders exceeds the Affiliated Lender Cap on the 91st day following such transfer, then such excess amount shall either be
(x) contributed to the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries and retired and cancelled immediately upon such contribution or (y) automatically cancelled)) and (IV) in no event shall such Disqualified Person be entitled to receive amounts to
which it would otherwise be entitled under Section 2.07. Further, whether or not the Borrower has taken any action described in the preceding sentence, (A) no Disqualified Person identified by the Borrower to the Administrative
Agent shall be permitted to (x) receive information (including financial statements) provided by any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any Lender and/or (y) attend and/or participate in conference calls or meetings attended solely by
the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, (B) (x) for purposes of determining whether the Required Lenders or the majority 

168 

Lenders under any Class have (i) consented (or not consented) to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action with respect to any of the terms of any Loan Document or any
departure by any Loan Party therefrom, (ii) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document, or (iii) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with
respect to or under any Loan Document, no Disqualified Person shall have a right to consent (or not consent), otherwise act or direct or require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to take (or refrain from taking) any such action; it being
understood that all Loans held by any Disqualified Person shall be deemed to be not outstanding for all purposes of calculating whether the Required Lenders, majority Lenders under any Class, all Lenders or all affected Lenders, as the case may be,
have taken any action, and (y) each Disqualified Person shall be deemed to vote in the same proportion as Lenders that are not Disqualified Persons (1) in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law commenced by or against the Borrower or
any other Loan Party and/or (2) for purposes of any matter requiring the consent of each Lender or each affected Lender and (C) no Disqualified Person shall be entitled to receive the benefits of Section 9.03. For the sake of
clarity, the provisions in this Section 9.04(g) shall not apply to any Person that is an assignee of any Disqualified Person, if such assignee is not a Disqualified Person. Nothing in this Section 9.04(g) shall be deemed to
prejudice any right or remedy that the Borrower may otherwise have at law or equity. 

(h) Any Lender may, without the consent of the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at any time assign all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to any Person other than a Disqualified Institution, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to any
Federal Reserve bank or other central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, to secure extensions of credit to such Lender or in support of obligations owed by such Lender; provided, that no such assignment shall release a Lender from any
of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. Each party hereto hereby agrees that no such assignment by a Lender shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations
of the Borrower hereunder. 

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting
Lender) may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle other than any Disqualified Institution (an SPC), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrower all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement; provided, that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a
commitment by any SPC to make any Loan and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The
making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that (x) neither the grant to any SPC nor the
exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Borrower hereunder, (y) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement
(all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender) and (z) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes remain the Lender of record hereunder. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Section 9.04, any SPC may (A) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loans
to the Granting Lender and (B) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its funding of Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to
such SPC. 

(j) The Borrower shall not assign or delegate any of its rights or duties hereunder (other than in a transaction
permitted by Section 6.04) without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, and any attempted assignment without such consent shall be null and void. 

(k) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and
obligations under this Agreement in respect of its Term Loans to an Affiliated Lender on a non-pro rata basis (A) through Dutch auctions open to all Lenders holding the relevant 

169 

Term Loans on a pro rata basis or (B) through open market purchases (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any negotiated transaction), in each case with respect to clauses
(A) and (B), without the consent of the Administrative Agent; provided, that: 

(i) any Term
Loans acquired by the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall be retired and cancelled immediately upon the acquisition thereof; provided, that upon any such retirement and cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the
Term Loans shall be deemed reduced by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans so retired and cancelled, and the principal repayment installments with respect to the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(a)
shall be reduced by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans so cancelled as directed by the Borrower (or, in the absence of such direction, in direct order of maturity); 

(ii) any Term Loans acquired by any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate may (but shall not be required to) be contributed to the
Borrower or any of its subsidiaries for purposes of cancelling such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such Term Loans shall be retired and cancelled immediately upon such contribution); provided, that upon any such cancellation, the
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans shall be deemed reduced, as of the date of such contribution, by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans so contributed and cancelled, and the principal
repayment installments with respect to the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(a) shall be reduced by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans so contributed and cancelled as directed by the Borrower (or, in the
absence of such direction, in direct order of maturity); 

(iii) the relevant Affiliated Lender and assigning Lender
shall have executed an Affiliated Lender Assignment and Acceptance; 

(iv) after giving effect to such assignment (and
any substantially simultaneous cancellations thereof) and to all other assignments to all Affiliated Lenders, the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans then held by all Affiliated Lenders shall not exceed 25% of the aggregate principal amount
of the Term Loans then outstanding (after giving effect to any substantially simultaneous cancellations thereof) (the Affiliated Lender Cap); provided, that each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative
Agent shall not be liable for any losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever incurred or suffered by any Person in connection with any compliance or
non-compliance with this clause (k)(iv) or any purported assignment exceeding the Affiliated Lender Cap; provided, further, that to the extent that any assignment to any Affiliated Lender would result in the aggregate principal
amount of all Term Loans held by Affiliated Lenders exceeding the Affiliated Lender Cap (after giving effect to any substantially simultaneous cancellations thereof), the assignment of the relevant excess amount shall be null and void; 

(v) in connection with any assignment effected pursuant to a Dutch auction and/or open market purchase conducted by the
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (A) the relevant Person may not use the proceeds of any Revolving Loans to fund such assignment and (B) no Default or Event of Default exists at the time of acceptance of bids for the Dutch
auction or the confirmation of such open market purchase, as applicable; and 

(vi) by its acquisition of Term Loans,
each relevant Affiliated Lender shall be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that: 

(A) the Term Loans held by
such Affiliated Lender shall be deemed to be voted pro rata along with the other Lenders that are not Affiliated Lenders; provided, that (x) such Affiliated Lender shall have the right to vote (and the Term Loans held by such Affiliated
Lender shall not be so disregarded) with respect to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action that requires the vote of all Lenders or all Lenders directly and adversely 

170 

affected thereby, as the case may be, and (y) no amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action shall (1) disproportionately affect such Affiliated Lender in its capacity as a
Lender as compared to other Lenders of the same Class that are not Affiliated Lenders or (2) deprive any Affiliated Lender of its share of any payments which the Lenders are entitled to share on a pro rata basis hereunder, in each case without
the consent of such Affiliated Lender; and 

(B) such Affiliated Lender, solely in its capacity as an Affiliated
Lender, will not be entitled to (i) attend (including by telephone) or participate in any meeting or discussion (or portion thereof) among the Administrative Agent or any Lender or among Lenders to which the Loan Parties or their
representatives are not invited or (ii) receive any information or material prepared by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any communication by or among the Administrative Agent and one or more Lenders, except to the extent such
information or materials have been made available by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to any Loan Party or its representatives (and in any case, other than the right to receive notices of Borrowings, prepayments and other administrative
notices in respect of its Term Loans required to be delivered to Lenders pursuant to Article II); and 

(vii) no Affiliated Lender shall be required to represent or warrant that it is not in possession of material non-public
information with respect to the Borrower and/or any subsidiary and/or their respective securities in connection with any assignment permitted by this Section 9.04(k). 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement in respect of its Term Loans to any Debt Fund Affiliate, and any Debt Fund Affiliate may, from time to time, purchase Term Loans (x) on a non-pro rata basis through Dutch Auctions open to all applicable Lenders or
(y) on a non-pro rata basis through open market purchases without the consent of the Administrative Agent, in each case, notwithstanding the requirements set forth in subclauses (i) through (vii) of this clause
(k); provided, that the Term Loans and unused commitments and other Loans of all Debt Fund Affiliates shall not account for more than 49.9% of the amounts included in determining whether the Required Lenders have (A) consented to any
amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action with respect to any of the terms of any Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, or subject to the immediately succeeding paragraph, any plan of reorganization pursuant to
the Bankruptcy Code, (B) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document or (C) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any
Loan Document. Any Term Loans acquired by any Debt Fund Affiliate may (but shall not be required to) be contributed to the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries for purposes of cancelling such Indebtedness (it being understood that any Term Loans so
contributed shall be retired and cancelled immediately upon thereof); provided, that upon any such cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans shall be deemed reduced, as of the date of such contribution, by the
full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans so contributed and cancelled, and the principal repayment installments with respect to such Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(a) shall be reduced by the full par value
of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans so contributed and cancelled as directed by the Borrower (or, in the absence of such direction, in direct order of maturity). 

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, each Affiliated Lender hereby agrees that, if a
proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law is commenced by or against the Borrower or any other Loan Party at a time when such Lender is an Affiliated Lender, such Affiliated Lender irrevocably authorizes and empowers the Administrative Agent to vote on
behalf of such Affiliated Lender with respect to the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender in any manner in the Administrative Agents sole discretion, unless the Administrative Agent instructs such Affiliated Lender to vote, in which case
such Affiliated Lender shall vote with respect to the Term Loans held by it as the Administrative Agent directs; provided, that in connection with any matter that proposes to treat any Obligations held by such Affiliated Lender in a manner
that is different than the proposed treatment of similar Obligations held by Lenders that are not Affiliates, (a) such Affiliated Lender shall be entitled to vote in accordance with its sole discretion (and not in accordance with

171 

the direction of the Administrative Agent) and (b) the Administrative Agent shall not be entitled to vote on behalf of such Affiliated Lender. Each Affiliated Lender hereby irrevocably
appoints the Administrative Agent (such appointment being coupled with an interest) as such Affiliated Lenders attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Affiliated Lender and in the name of such Affiliated Lender
(solely in respect of Term Loans and participations therein and not in respect of any other claim or status that such Affiliated Lender may otherwise have), from time to time in the Administrative Agents discretion to take any action and to
execute any instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of (but subject to the limitations set forth in) this paragraph. 

Section 9.05. Expenses; Indemnity. (a) The Borrower agrees to pay (i) if the Effective Date occurs, all
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (but limited, as to legal fees and expenses, to those of White & Case LLP, counsel for the Agents, the Arrangers and the Documentation Agents taken as a whole, and, if reasonably necessary,
of one local counsel in any relevant material jurisdiction) incurred by the Arrangers, the Documentation Agents and the Agents, in connection with the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or, except as may be
otherwise agreed in writing, in connection with any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions hereby or thereby contemplated shall be consummated, but solely to the extent the
preparation of the relevant amendment, modification or waiver has been requested by the Borrower) and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (but limited, as to legal fees and expenses, to one counsel for all such Persons
taken as a whole, and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel to all such Persons taken as a whole in any relevant material jurisdiction) incurred by the Agents, any Issuing Bank, any Swingline Lender or any Lender in connection with the
enforcement or protection of its rights or remedies in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder. 

(b) The Borrower agrees to indemnify each Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Lender, each Issuing Bank,
each Swingline Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons and their successors and permitted assigns (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and to hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all
costs, expenses (but limited, as to legal fees and expenses, to the reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket disbursements and other charges of one primary counsel to the Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and, if reasonably necessary, of one
local counsel in any relevant material jurisdiction; provided, that if (i) one or more Indemnitees shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or in addition to those available
to one or more other Indemnitees or (ii) the representation of the Indemnitees (or any portion thereof) by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them, then such expenses shall include the
reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket disbursements and other charges of one separate counsel to such Indemnitees, taken as a whole, in each relevant material jurisdiction), and liabilities of such Indemnitee arising out of or in
connection with (A) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties thereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the
consummation of the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated thereby (including the syndication of the Credit Facilities), (B) the use of the proceeds of the Loans or issuance of Letters of Credit, (C) any actual or prospective
claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not any Indemnitee is a party thereto (and regardless of whether such matter is initiated by a third party or by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of
their respective Affiliates) or (D) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on any property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of the subsidiaries, or any liability under or relating
to any Environmental Laws or relating to any Hazardous Materials related in any way to the Borrower or the subsidiaries; provided, that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such costs, expenses or
liabilities (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith, fraud or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee (or its Related Parties) or
material breach of its (or its Related Parties) obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, (y) relate to the presence or Release of Hazardous Materials that first occur at any property owned by the Borrower or any subsidiary
after such property is transferred to any Indemnitee or its successors 

172 

or assigns by foreclosure, deed-in-lieu of foreclosure or similar transfer or (z) resulted from any dispute solely among Indemnitees and not involving the Borrower, or its Affiliates. The
Borrower shall have no obligation to reimburse any Indemnitee for fees and expenses unless such Indemnitee provides the Borrower with an undertaking in which such Indemnitee agrees to refund and return any and all amounts paid by the Borrower to
such Indemnitee to the extent any of the foregoing items in clauses (x) through (z) occurs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 9.05 shall not apply to Tax matters, which shall be governed exclusively by
Section 2.21. 

(c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to any Arrangers,
the Documentation Agents, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Swingline Lender or any other Indemnitee related thereto under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 9.05 (and without
limiting its obligation to do so), each Lender (other than, in the case of the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lenders, any Term Lender) severally agrees to pay to such Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing Bank, any
Swingline Lender or such related Indemnitee, such Lenders pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided, that the unreimbursed expense
or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against an Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Swingline Lender or a related Indemnitee in
its capacity as such. For purposes hereof, a Lenders pro rata share shall be determined based on its share of the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure, outstanding Term Loans, Unused Revolving Credit Commitments and Other
Term Loan Commitments at the time. 

(d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no party hereto shall assert, and each party
hereto hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, any Indemnitee or any of their respective Affiliates, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages)
arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided, that such waiver of
special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages shall not otherwise limit the indemnification obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 9.05 to the extent such special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages are
included in any third party claim in connection with which such Indemnitee is otherwise entitled to indemnification hereunder. 

(e) 
The provisions of this Section 9.05 shall survive the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of any of the Loans, the expiration of the Commitments, the
expiration of any Letter of Credit, the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender or
the Issuing Banks. All amounts due under this Section 9.05 shall be payable within 30 days after receipt of an invoice relating thereto setting forth such amounts in reasonable detail. 

Section 9.06. Right of Setoff; Payments Set Aside. (a) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing,
each Lender and each Issuing Bank is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, except to the extent prohibited by law, without prior notice to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, any such notice being waived by the Borrower (on its own
behalf and on behalf of each Loan Party and its subsidiaries) to setoff and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Lender or Issuing
Bank to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement and other Loan Documents held by such Lender or Issuing Bank, irrespective of whether or
not such Lender or Issuing Bank shall have made any demand under this Agreement or such other Loan Document and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured or denominated in a currency different from that of the applicable deposit or
indebtedness. The rights of each Lender and each Issuing Bank under this Section 9.06 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender or Issuing Bank may have. Each Lender and each
Issuing Bank agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such setoff and application made by such Lender or Issuing Bank; provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such
setoff and application. 

173 

(b) To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to any
Agent or any Lender or Issuing Bank, or any Agent or any Lender or Issuing Bank exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or
preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Agent or such Lender or Issuing Bank in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, then (i) to the extent of such
recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (ii) each relevant Lender or Issuing
Bank severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by any relevant Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at
a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate from time to time in effect. 

Section 9.07. Applicable Law.
THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN LETTERS OF CREDIT AND AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS) SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH LETTER OF CREDIT SHALL BE
GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OR RULES DESIGNATED IN SUCH LETTER OF CREDIT, OR IF NO SUCH LAWS OR RULES ARE DESIGNATED, THE UNIFORM CUSTOMS AND PRACTICE FOR DOCUMENTARY CREDITS MOST RECENTLY PUBLISHED AND IN
EFFECT, ON THE DATE SUCH LETTER OF CREDIT WAS ISSUED, BY THE INTERNATIONAL CHAMBER OF COMMERCE (THE UNIFORM CUSTOMS) AND, AS TO MATTERS NOT GOVERNED BY THE UNIFORM CUSTOMS, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

Section 9.08. Waivers; Amendment. (a) No failure or delay of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender
or any Issuing Bank in exercising any power or right hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to
enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender hereunder and
under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have under applicable law. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or consent to any departure by
the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by clause (b) below, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose
for which given. No notice or demand on the Borrower in any case shall entitle the Borrower to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. 

(b) Subject to Section 2.26, clauses (b)(i) through (viii) below and the remaining provisions of this
Section 9.08, and except for those actions expressly permitted to be taken by the Agents, neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an
agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Required Lenders and the Loan Parties that are party thereto and are affected by such waiver, amendment or modification; provided, however, that no such agreement shall: 

(i) reduce the principal amount of, or extend or waive the final scheduled maturity date or date for the payment of any
interest on, any Loan held by any Lender or any date for reimbursement of an L/C Disbursement owing to any Lender, forgive any such payment or any part thereof, or decrease the rate of interest on any Loan or L/C Disbursement held by any Lender,
without the prior written consent of such Lender (but not the Required Lenders) (it being understood that any change to (A) the component definitions used in the definition of Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio and affecting the
determination of interest and any waiver of default interest and/or (B) the MFN Provision (including any component definition thereof) shall only require the consent of the Borrower and the Required Lenders), 

174 

(ii) increase or extend the Commitment of, or decrease or extend the
date for payment of any Fees owing to, any Lender without the prior written consent of such Lender (but not the Required Lenders) (it being understood that any change to the component definitions used in the definition of Consolidated First
Lien Leverage Ratio and affecting the determination of any Fee shall only require the consent of the Borrower and the Required Lenders and waivers or modifications of conditions precedent, covenants, Defaults or Events of Default or of a
mandatory reduction in the aggregate Commitments (or any Commitment) or of a mandatory prepayment of any Loans shall only require the consent of the Borrower and the Required Lenders), 

(iii) (A) except as contemplated under Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17, 2.21, 2.22,
2.26, 2.27 and/or 9.04(k) and/or as otherwise provided in this Agreement, amend or modify the pro rata sharing of payments required by Section 2.18 or the pro rata sharing provisions applicable under
Section 2.19, in each case, without the prior written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (but not the Required Lenders), or (B) the provisions of Section 9.04(j) (it being understood that any
change to Section 6.04 shall only require approval of the Required Lenders) or the provisions of this Section 9.08 (except as set forth below) or release all or substantially all of the Guarantors or all or substantially all
of the Collateral (except as permitted by Section 9.17(a) or the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement), without the prior written consent of each Lender, 

(iv) (A) reduce the percentage contained in the definition of the term Required Lenders, without the prior
written consent of each Lender (it being understood that with the consent of the Required Lenders, additional extensions of credit pursuant to this Agreement may be included in the determination of the Required Lenders on substantially the same
basis as the Commitments and extensions of credit thereunder on the Effective Date and this Section 9.08 may be amended to reflect such extension of credit) or (B) reduce the percentage contained in the definition of the term
Required Revolving Lenders, without the prior written consent of each Revolving Lender (it being understood that with the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders, additional extensions of credit pursuant to this Agreement may be
included in the determination of the Required Revolving Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Commitments and extensions of credit thereunder on the Effective Date and this Section 9.08 may be amended to reflect such extension
of credit); provided that any amendment described in this clause (B) shall not require the consent of the Required Lenders, 

(v) without the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders, (A) (x) amend or otherwise modify
Section 6.10 (or, solely for the purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.10, the definition of Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio or any component definition thereof), (y) waive or consent to
any Default or Event of Default resulting from a breach of Section 6.10 or (z) alter the rights or remedies of the Required Revolving Lenders arising pursuant to Article VIII as a result of a breach of
Section 6.10 or (B) (x) waive, amend or modify any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.01 hereof as it pertains to any Revolving Loan or Letter of Credit, (y) waive or consent to any Default or Event of
Default resulting from the inaccuracy of any representation and/or warranty made as condition precedent to any Borrowing of any Revolving Loan and/or the issuance of any Letter of Credit or (z) alter the rights or remedies of the Required
Revolving Lenders arising pursuant to Article VIII as a result of the inaccuracy of any representation and/or warranty made as condition precedent to any Borrowing of any Revolving Loan and/or the issuance of any Letter of Credit;
provided, however, that the amendments, modifications, waivers and consents described in this clause (v) shall not require the consent of any Lenders other than the Required Revolving Lenders, 

(vi) amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, any
Issuing Bank or any Swingline Lender hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Swingline Lender (but not the Required Lenders), as the
case may be, 

175 

(vii) amend, waive or otherwise modify Section 9.04(i)
without the consent of each Granting Lender (but not the Required Lenders) all or any part of whose Loans are being funded by an SPC at the time of such amendment, waiver or other modification or 

(viii) other than in connection with (A) a debtor-in-possession financing or the use of cash collateral in any
insolvency proceeding or (B) the implementation of any capital lease and/or purchase money financing and/or any asset-based revolving credit facility or similar financing, subordinate (x) the Liens on all or substantially all
of the Collateral securing any of the Loans to the Liens securing any other Indebtedness for borrowed money or (y) any Loans in contractual right of payment to any senior Indebtedness, in either the case of subclause (x) or
(y), unless each adversely affected Lender has been offered a bona fide opportunity to fund or otherwise provide its pro rata share (based on the amount of Loans that are adversely affected thereby held by such Lender) of the senior
Indebtedness on the same terms (other than bona fide backstop fees, any arrangement or restructuring fees and reimbursement of counsel fees and other expenses in connection with the negotiation of the terms of such transaction; such fees and
expenses, Ancillary Fees) as offered to all other providers (or their Affiliates) of the senior Indebtedness and to the extent such adversely affected Lender decides to participate in the senior Indebtedness, receive its pro rata
share of the fees and any other similar benefit (other than Ancillary Fees) of the senior Indebtedness afforded to the providers of the senior Indebtedness (or any of their Affiliates) in connection with providing the senior Indebtedness pursuant to
a written offer made to each such adversely affected Lender describing the material terms of the arrangements pursuant to which the senior Indebtedness is to be provided, which offer shall remain open to each adversely affected Lender for a period
of not less than three Business Days; provided, however, that (1) if any such adversely affected Lender does not accept an offer to provide its pro rata share of such senior Indebtedness within the time specified for acceptance of
such offer being made, such adversely affected Lender shall be deemed to have declined such offer and (2) any subordination expressly permitted by the Loan Documents shall not be restricted by subclauses (x) and
(y) above.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any amendment, modification, waiver or other action which by its
terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders, except that (x) no amendment, waiver or consent relating to clauses (b)(i) or
(b)(ii) may be effected and the principal amount of any Loan of any Defaulting Lender may not be forgiven, in each case without the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (y) any amendment, modification, waiver or other action that by its
terms adversely affects any Defaulting Lender in its capacity as a Lender in a manner that differs in any material respect from, and is more adverse to such Defaulting Lender or than it is to, other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such
Defaulting Lender. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) in addition to any credit extensions and related Incremental
Amendments or Refinancing Amendments effectuated without the consent of Lenders in accordance with Section 2.26 or Section 2.27, as applicable, this Agreement (including this Section 9.08 and
Section 2.18) may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (A) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit
the extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the relevant Term Loans and relevant
Revolving Loans and the accrued interest and Fees in respect thereof and (B) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders and other definitions related to such new credit
facilities and/or (ii) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any other Lender, effect amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent to add terms (including representations and warranties, conditions, prepayments, covenants or events of default), in 

176 

connection with the addition of any Loan or Commitment hereunder, any Incremental Equivalent Debt, and/or any Refinancing Amendments, that are favorable to the then-existing Lenders, as
reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent (it being understood that, where applicable, any such amendment may be effectuated as part of an Incremental Amendment and/or a Refinancing Amendment). 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent with respect to Section 2.13(f)
relating to the application of any mandatory prepayment that results in a Class of Term Lenders being allocated a lesser repayment than such Class would otherwise have been entitled to in the absence of such amendment, modification or waiver,
shall require the consent of the Required Lenders for such affected Class (except in the case where additional extensions of terms loans are being afforded substantially the same treatment afforded to the relevant Term Loans pursuant to this
Agreement on the Effective Date). 

(e) In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be
amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans to permit the refinancing of all or a portion of the outstanding Term Loans of a given
Class (any such Term Loans, the Refinanced Term Loans) with a replacement term loan tranche hereunder which shall be Loans of a new Class hereunder (Replacement Term Loans); provided, that (i) the
aggregate principal amount of such Replacement Term Loans shall not exceed the aggregate principal amount of such Refinanced Term Loans (plus any applicable Excess Permitted Refinancing Amount), (ii) [reserved], (iii) other than with
respect to the Inside Maturity Amount and/or any Customary Term A Loan, the weighted average life to maturity of such Replacement Term Loans shall not be shorter than the weighted average life to maturity of such Refinanced Term Loans at the time of
such refinancing, (iv) the borrower of such Replacement Term Loans shall be the Borrower or the same as the borrower of such Refinanced Term Loans and (v) except as otherwise permitted herein (including with respect to margin, MFN
protection, pricing, call protection, maturity and fees), the representation and warranty, covenant and default terms of such Replacement Term Loans, if not substantially consistent with those applicable to any then-existing Term Loans, must be,
taken as a whole, not materially more favorable (as determined by the Borrower in good faith at the time the definitive documentation for such Replacement Term Loans is finalized) to the lenders or investors providing such Indebtedness than the
corresponding terms of the Loan Documents or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being agreed that any terms contained in such Replacement Term Loans (i) which are applicable only after the then-existing Latest
Maturity Date applicable to the Term Loans, (ii) any covenants or provisions which are then-current market terms for the applicable type of Indebtedness (as determined by the Borrower in good faith at the time the definitive documentation for
such Replacement Term Loans is finalized), including any financial maintenance covenant applicable to any Customary Term A Loan (which shall constitute a then-current market term for Customary Term A Loans) or (iii) that are more
favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Indebtedness than the corresponding terms of the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Term Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as applicable,
pursuant to an amendment to this Agreement effectuated in reliance on Section 9.08(c)(ii) shall be deemed satisfactory to the Administrative Agent); provided, further, that in respect of this clause (e), any Non-Debt
Fund Affiliate and Debt Fund Affiliate shall be permitted (without Administrative Agent consent) to provide any Replacement Term Loans, it being understood that in connection with such Replacement Term Loans, the relevant Non-Debt Fund Affiliate or
Debt Fund Affiliate, as applicable, shall be subject to the restrictions applicable to such Persons under Section 9.04 as if such Replacement Term Loans were Term Loans. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.08: 

(i) if following the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall have agreed in their sole and
absolute discretion that there is an ambiguity, inconsistency, manifest error or any error or omission of a technical or immaterial nature, in each case, in any provision of the Loan Documents, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be
permitted to amend such provision and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other 

177 

party to any Loan Documents if the same is not objected to in writing by the Required Lenders within two Business Days following receipt of notice thereof (it being understood that the
Administrative Agent has no obligation to agree to any such amendment); 

(ii) the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent may, without the input or consent of any Lender, amend, supplement and/or waive this Agreement and/or any guaranty, collateral security agreement, pledge agreement and/or related document (if any) executed in connection with this Agreement to
cause any such guaranty, collateral security agreement, pledge agreement or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and/or the relevant other Loan Documents; 

(iii) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any other Lender (other than the
relevant Lenders providing Loans under such Sections), effect amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or advisable in the reasonable opinion of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to (A) effect the
provisions of Sections 2.26, 2.27 and/or 9.08(e), or any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document specifying that any waiver, amendment or modification may be made with the consent or approval of the
Administrative Agent and/or (B) in connection with the establishment of a tranche of Customary Term A Loans under this Agreement pursuant to any Incremental Amendment and/or any Refinancing Amendment, incorporate a financial maintenance
covenant that only applies for the benefit of the lenders in respect of such facility (but not any other Lender); it being understood that the Borrower and the Administrative Agent are hereby authorized under this clause (iii)(C) to
amend such provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 6.10, Section 7.01 and this Section 9.08) as may be necessary to establish such financial maintenance covenant and ensure that only
the Lenders in respect of such Customary Term A Loans have rights with respect thereto; it being understood and agreed that any Term Loan that constitutes a Customary Term A Loan may include one or more financial covenants that do not apply for the
benefit of any Lender that does not hold such Customary Term A Loan; 

(iv) it is understood and agreed that any
Incremental Amendment may provide that with respect to any Class of Loans and/or Commitments that is structured as a delayed draw or similar facility, (i) any condition precedent to the funding of any Loan thereunder and/or
(ii) any Event of Default (including with respect to the exercise of any remedy in respect thereof) arising as a result of any inaccuracy of any representation and/or warranty (including any certification) made in connection with the
satisfaction of any such condition precedent, in each case, may be waived, amended or modified solely with the consent of a majority of the holders of such Loans and/or Commitments (or such other percentage of such holders as may be required in the
amendment implementing such Class of Loans and/or Commitments (and without the consent of the Required Lenders or any other Lenders)); 

(v) for the avoidance of doubt, any MFN provision, may be amended solely with the consent of the Borrower and
the Required Lenders; and 

(vi) the Required Lenders, without the consent of any other Lender, may (A) rescind
any acceleration of the Loans and/or any other Obligation pursuant to Article VII hereof and/or (B) agree that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders will forbear from exercising any remedy provided under any Loan Document with respect
to any Event of Default. 

(g) Each waiver, amendment, modification, supplement or consent made or given pursuant to this
Section 9.08 shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given, and such waiver, amendment, modification or supplement shall apply equally to each of the Lenders and shall be binding on the
Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Agents and all future holders of the Loans and Commitments. 

(h) (i) This Agreement may be amended in
the manner prescribed in Section 1.12 and Section 2.06(i) and other provision of this Agreement may be amended in a manner reasonably determined by 

178 

the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to be necessary to give effect to or otherwise to implement any such change required by Section 1.12 or Section 2.06(i), as
applicable, (ii) the definition of EURIBO Rate may be amended in the manner prescribed in clause (b) thereof and other provision of this Agreement may be amended in a manner reasonably determined by the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent to be necessary to give effect to or otherwise to implement any such change in the definition of EURIBO Rate, (iii) this Agreement may be amended in the manner prescribed in Section 1.13 and other
provision of this Agreement may be amended in a manner reasonably determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to be necessary to give effect to or otherwise to implement any such change required by Section 1.13, and
(iv) the definition of Daily Simple SONIA may be amended in the manner prescribed in the last sentence thereof and other provision of this Agreement may be amended in a manner reasonably determined by the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent to be necessary to give effect to or otherwise to implement any such change in the definition of Daily Simple SONIA. 

(i) It is understood that: 

(i) notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with any determination as to whether the Required
Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders, as applicable, have (A) consented (or not consented) to any amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom,
(B) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document, or (C) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document, any
Lender (other than (x) any Lender that is a Regulated Bank or an Affiliate of a Regulated Bank or (y) any Lender that is a Revolving Lender or an Affiliate of a Revolving Lender as of the Effective Date; provided, that in the case of
clauses (x) and (y) an Affiliate of a Regulated Bank or a Revolving Lender shall only be excluded by virtue of this parenthetical to the extent that (1) all of the equity of such Affiliate is directly or indirectly owned by either
(I) such Regulated Bank or Revolving Lender, as applicable or (II) a parent entity that also directly or indirectly owns all of the equity of such Regulated Bank or Revolving Lender, as applicable, and (2) such Affiliate is a securities
broker or dealer registered with the SEC under section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that, as a result of its interest in any total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract (other than any
such total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract entered into pursuant to bona fide market making activities), has a net short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments (each, a
Net Short Lender) shall, unless the Borrower otherwise elects (in its sole discretion), have no right to vote any of its Loans and Commitments and shall be deemed to have voted its interest as a Lender without discretion in the
same proportion as the allocation of voting with respect to such matter by Lenders who are not Net Short Lenders; 

(ii) for purposes of determining whether a Lender has a net short position on any date of determination:
(i) derivative contracts with respect to the Loans and Commitments and such contracts that are the functional equivalent thereof shall be counted at the notional amount thereof in Dollars, (ii) notional amounts in other currencies shall be
converted to the dollar equivalent thereof by such Lender in a commercially reasonable manner consistent with generally accepted financial practices and based on the prevailing conversion rate (determined on a mid-market basis) on the date of
determination, (iii) derivative contracts in respect of an index that includes the Borrower and/or any other Loan Party or any instrument issued or guaranteed by the Borrower and/or any other Loan Party shall not be deemed to create a short
position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments, so long as (x) such index is not created, designed, administered or requested by such Lender and (y) the Borrower and/or any other Loan Party and any instrument issued or guaranteed by
the Borrower and/or any other Loan Party, collectively, represent less than 5% of the components of such index, (iv) derivative transactions that are documented using either the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions or the 2003 ISDA Credit
Derivatives Definitions (collectively, the ISDA CDS Definitions) shall be deemed to create a short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments if such Lender is a protection buyer or the equivalent thereof for such
derivative transaction and (1) the Loans or the 

179 

Commitments are a Reference Obligation under the terms of such derivative transaction (whether specified by name in the related documentation, included as a Standard Reference
Obligation on the most recent list published by Markit, if Standard Reference Obligation is specified as applicable in the relevant documentation or in any other manner), (2) the Loans or the Commitments would be a
Deliverable Obligation under the terms of such derivative transaction or (3) the Borrower and/or any other Loan Party is designated as a Reference Entity under the terms of such derivative transactions, and
(v) credit derivative transactions or other derivative transactions not documented using the ISDA CDS Definitions shall be deemed to create a short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments if such transactions are functionally
equivalent to a transaction that offers the Lender protection in respect of the Loans or the Commitments, or as to the credit quality of the Borrower and/or any other Loan Party other than, in each case, as part of an index so long as (x) such
index is not created, designed, administered or requested by such Lender and (y) the Borrower and/or any other Loan Party and any instrument issued or guaranteed by the Borrower and/or any other Loan Party, collectively, represent less than 5%
of the components of such index; and 

(iii) in connection with any such determination, (A) each Lender shall
promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing that it is a Net Short Lender, or shall otherwise be deemed to have represented and warranted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that it is not a Net Short Lender (it being understood and
agreed that the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on each such representation and deemed representation) and (B) the Administrative Agent shall have no duty to ascertain whether any Lender is a Net Short Lender.

Section 9.09. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest
rate applicable to any Loan or participation in any L/C Disbursement, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan or participation in such L/C Disbursement under applicable law (collectively, the
Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan or participation in accordance with applicable
law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan or participation hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been
payable in respect of such Loan or participation but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 9.09 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or participations or
periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount shall have been received by such Lender. 

Section 9.10. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Engagement Letter (to the extent provided in
Section 2.05(b)) and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract between the parties relative to the subject matter hereof. Any other previous agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof is
superseded by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Nothing in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto and thereto, their respective successors
and assigns permitted hereunder (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Indemnitees, the Arrangers, the Documentation Agents, the Related Parties of each of
the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 

Section 9.11. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR
ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE 

180 

FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS,
THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.11. 

Section 9.12. Severability. In the event any one or
more of the provisions contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein and therein
shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby (it being understood that the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not in and of itself affect the validity of such provision in any other jurisdiction). The
parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.

Section 9.13. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on
different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract, and shall become effective as provided in Section 9.03. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a
signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to
Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document)
that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement,
such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document
and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an
actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. 

Section 9.14. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference
only, are not part of this Agreement and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

Section 9.15. Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. (a) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or federal court of the United States of America sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, in the City of New York (or any appellate court
therefrom), in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment rendered in respect thereof, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment
in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Each party hereto agrees that each of the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent
retains the right to bring proceedings against any Loan Party in the courts of any other jurisdiction solely in connection with the exercise of its rights under any Security Document. 

(b) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do
so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents in any New York State or Federal court. Each of the parties hereto
hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 

181 

(c) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the
manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

Section 9.16. Confidentiality. Each of the Agents, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality
of the Information, the Loan Documents and the terms and substance thereof, except that the Information and the Loan Documents may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates trustees, officers, directors, employees and agents, including
accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential) in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby, (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such Person (including any Governmental Authority regulating any Lender or its Affiliates), (c) to the extent
required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (provided, that such Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender that discloses any Information or any Loan Document pursuant to this clause
(c) shall provide the Borrower with prompt notice of such disclosure to the extent permitted by applicable law), (d) to the extent reasonably necessary in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under the other Loan
Documents or any suit, action or proceeding relating to the enforcement of its rights hereunder or thereunder, (e) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 9.16 (or as otherwise
may be acceptable to the Borrower), to (i) any actual or prospective assignee of or participant in any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its
advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower, any subsidiary or any Affiliate thereof or any of their respective obligations, (f) with the written consent of the Borrower, (g) to any Rating Agency when required
by it (it being understood that, prior to any such disclosure, such Rating Agency shall undertake to preserve the confidentiality of the Loan Documents and/or any such Information relating to the Loan Parties received by it from such Person),
(h) to any credit insurer (it being understood that, prior to any such disclosure, such credit insurer shall agree to be bound by the provisions of this Section 9.16 with respect to the Loan Documents and/or any such Information
relating to the Loan Parties received by it from such Person), (i) for the limited purpose of a tombstone advertisement or (j) to the extent such Information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this
Section 9.16. For the purposes of this Section, Information shall mean all information received from the Borrower or its subsidiaries (or their respective agents or representatives) and related to the Borrower or its
subsidiaries or business, other than any such information that is publicly available to any Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, other than by reason of disclosure by any Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in breach of this
Section 9.16. 

Section 9.17. Release of Guarantees and Collateral. (a) The Lenders irrevocably
authorize the Agents to, and the Agents agree to: 

(i) to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the
Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (v) if such property ceases to constitute, or never constituted, Collateral in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, (w) upon the Termination Date (and,
concurrently therewith, to release all the Loan Parties from their obligations under the Loan Documents (other than those that specifically survive the Termination Date)), (x) that is sold (or disposed of) or to be sold (or disposed of) as part
of or in connection with any sale or other disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any disposition that constitutes a Permitted Asset Sale or is permitted by Section 6.05 or any
disposition that does not constitute an Asset Sale but is otherwise not prohibited under this Agreement) to any Person other than a Loan Party (it being understood that the Lien on the assets of any transferee Loan Party shall only secure such Loan
Partys Obligations), (y) subject to Section 9.08, if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders, or (z) owned by a Subsidiary Guarantor upon release of such Guarantor from its obligations under
its Guarantee and Collateral Agreement pursuant to clause (iii) below; 

182 

(ii) at the request of the Borrower, to subordinate any Lien on any
property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by paragraphs (a), (d), (e), (f), (h),
(i), (l), (p), (q), (r), (s), (t), (w), (y), (z) and (dd) of the definition of Permitted Liens; 

(iii) to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party if such
Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a transaction or designation permitted hereunder; provided, that (A) no such release shall occur if, after giving effect to such release, any
other Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary would no longer be permitted under an applicable provision of Section 6.01 by virtue of the fact that such Indebtedness is guaranteed by a Restricted Subsidiary that is
not a Loan Party and (B) the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement if such Subsidiary Guarantor becomes an Excluded Subsidiary of the type described in paragraph (a)(ii)(A)
of the definition thereof shall not be permitted unless, at the time such Subsidiary Guarantor becomes an Excluded Subsidiary of such type, (1) (I) no Event of Default exists or would occur as a result thereof and (II) after giving pro
forma effect to such release and the consummation of the transaction that causes such Person to be an Excluded Subsidiary of such type, the Borrower is deemed to have made a new Investment in such Person for purposes of Section 6.03 (as
if such Person were then newly acquired) in an amount equal to the portion of the fair market value of the net assets of such Person attributable to the Borrowers Capital Stock therein as reasonably estimated by the Borrower and such
Investment is permitted pursuant to Section 6.03 at such time or (2) the relevant disposition of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary Guarantor constitutes a good faith disposition to a bona fide unaffiliated third party (as
determined by the Borrower in good faith) for fair market value and for a bona fide business purpose; it being understood and agreed that this proviso shall not limit the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor that (X) otherwise qualifies as an
Excluded Subsidiary for reasons other than the exception set forth in clause (a)(ii) of the definition of Excluded Subsidiary or (Y) ceases to constitute a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower; and 

(iv) to enter into (x) each Intercreditor Agreement described in the definition thereof and (y) the
intercreditor arrangements contemplated by the definitions of Receivable Facility and Sections 2.26 and 2.27. 

(b) Upon request by any Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing such Agents authority to release or
subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Documents or enter into intercreditor agreements, in each case pursuant to this Section 9.17.
In each case as specified in this Section 9.17, the relevant Agent will, at the Borrowers expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release or
subordination of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Loan Documents, or to release such Loan Party from its obligations under the Loan Documents, in each case, in accordance with the terms of the Loan
Documents or to enter into intercreditor arrangements, in each case, and this Section 9.17. 

Section 9.18. USA
PATRIOT Act Notice; Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Each Lender and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and/or the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the
Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act and/or the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

183 

Section 9.19. Lender Action. Each Lender agrees that it shall not take or
institute any actions or proceedings, judicial or otherwise, for any right or remedy against any Loan Party or any other obligor under any of the Loan Documents or any Hedging Obligation (including the exercise of any right of setoff, rights on
account of any bankers lien or similar claim or other rights of self-help), or institute any actions or proceedings, or otherwise commence any remedial procedures, in contract, tort or otherwise, with respect to any Collateral or any other
property of any such Loan Party, or otherwise under or with respect to any Loan Document or any Obligation, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 

Section 9.20. Other Liens on Collateral; Terms of Intercreditor Agreement; Etc. 

(a) PURSUANT TO THE EXPRESS TERMS OF EACH INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT OR INCONSISTENCY BETWEEN THE TERMS OF
THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN AND CONTROL. 

(b) EACH SECURED PARTY AUTHORIZES AND INSTRUCTS THE COLLATERAL AGENT AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT TO ENTER INTO THE RELEVANT
INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF SUCH SECURED PARTY, AND TO TAKE ALL ACTIONS (AND EXECUTE ALL DOCUMENTS) REQUIRED (OR DEEMED ADVISABLE) BY IT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF SUCH INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT(S). 

(c) THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 9.20 ARE NOT INTENDED TO SUMMARIZE ALL RELEVANT PROVISIONS OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR
AGREEMENT. REFERENCE MUST BE MADE TO THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ITSELF TO UNDERSTAND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS THEREOF. EACH SECURED PARTY IS RESPONSIBLE FOR MAKING ITS OWN ANALYSIS AND REVIEW OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND THE
TERMS AND PROVISIONS THEREOF, AND NO AGENT (AND NONE OF ITS AFFILIATES) MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION TO ANY SECURED PARTY AS TO THE SUFFICIENCY OR ADVISABILITY OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED IN THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. 

(d) THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 9.20 SHALL APPLY WITH EQUAL FORCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS, TO THE FIRST LIEN INTERCREDITOR
AGREEMENT, THE SECOND LIEN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDITIONAL INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT REFERRED TO IN SECTION 9.17(A)(IV). 

Section 9.21. Judgment Currency. (a) The Loan Parties obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents to
make payments in the Applicable Currency (the Obligation Currency) shall not be discharged or satisfied by any tender or recovery pursuant to any judgment expressed in or converted into any currency other than the Obligation
Currency, except to the extent that such tender or recovery results in the effective receipt by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the respective Lender of the full amount of the Obligation Currency expressed to be payable to the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or such Lender under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. If, for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against any Loan Party in any court or in any jurisdiction, it becomes necessary to
convert into or from any currency other than the Obligation Currency (such other currency being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Currency) an amount due in the Obligation Currency, the conversion shall be made at the US
Dollar Equivalent thereof, determined, in each case, as of the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which the judgment is given (such Business Day being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Currency Conversion Date).

(b) If there is a change in the rate of exchange prevailing between the Judgment Currency Conversion Date and the date of actual
payment of the amount due, the applicable Loan Party covenants and agrees to pay, or cause to be paid, such additional amounts, if any (but in any event not a lesser amount) as may 

184 

be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of the Obligation Currency
which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial award at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Judgment Currency Conversion Date. 

(c) For purposes of determining the US Dollar Equivalent or any other rate of exchange for this Section, such amounts shall include any
premium and costs payable in connection with the purchase of the Obligation Currency. 

Section 9.22. Acknowledgment and
Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of
any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising
hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any
Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation
of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of
ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights
with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the
terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

Section 9.23. Certain ERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants,
from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Documentation Agents and their respective Affiliates, and not, for
the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of
one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain
transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving
insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is
applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

185 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a
Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and
perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the
requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance
into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in
its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately
preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender
further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the
benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Documentation Agents and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative
Agent, the Arrangers or the Documentation Agents or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the
Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or
thereto). 

Section 9.24. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide
support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Derivative Transactions or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC), the parties
acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with
the regulations promulgated thereunder, the US Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in
fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the US or any other state of the US): 

(a) In the event
a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a US Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any
interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would
be effective under the US Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the US or a state of the US. In the event a Covered Party or
a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a US Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised
against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the US Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the US or a
state of the US. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or
any QFC Credit Support. 

186 

(b) As used in this Section 9.25, the following terms have the following
meanings: 

BHC ACT Affiliate shall mean an affiliate (as defined under, and interpreted in
accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)). 

Covered Entity shall mean any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
252.82(b); 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with,
12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right shall have the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be
interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

QFC shall
have the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

[The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank] 

187 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed
by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

DAYFORCE, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., individually and as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, a Swingline Lender, an Issuing Bank and a Lender

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

CITIBANK, N.A., as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as a Revolving

Credit Lender

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Revolving Credit

Lender

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE,

as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as a Revolving Credit

Lender

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

BMO BANK, N.A., as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

MUFG BANK, LTD., as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

PNC BANK, N.A., as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

TRUIST BANK, as a Revolving Credit Lender

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>day-20250214.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>day-20250214_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>day-20250214_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>g857804g01g01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001725057

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 14, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Dayforce, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38467

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-3231686

Entity Address, Address Line One 3311 East Old Shakopee Road

Entity Address, City or Town Minneapolis

Entity Address, State or Province MN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 55425

City Area Code (952)

Local Phone Number 853-8100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol DAY

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.dayforce.com//20250214/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d857804d8k.htm 
day-20250214.xsd 
day-20250214_lab.xml 
day-20250214_pre.xml 

g857804g01g01.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-026652-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d857804d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001725057 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

false 
0001725057 
8-K 
2025-02-14 
Dayforce, Inc. 
DE 
001-38467 
46-3231686 
3311 East Old Shakopee Road 
Minneapolis 
MN 
55425 
(952) 
853-8100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.01 par value 
DAY 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>