<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-065496.txt : 20250327
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-065496.hdr.sgml : 20250327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250327160518
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-065496
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250327
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CITIGROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000831001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				521568099
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09924
		FILM NUMBER:		25779263

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		388 GREENWICH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10013
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2125591000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		388 GREENWICH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10013

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRAVELERS GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950519

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRAVELERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRIMERICA CORP /NEW/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d934780d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

0000831001false00008310012025-03-272025-03-270000831001us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-03-272025-03-270000831001c:CitigroupCapitalIIIMember2025-03-272025-03-270000831001c:CitigroupCapitalXIIIMember2025-03-272025-03-270000831001c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueDec2035Member2025-03-272025-03-270000831001c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueFeb2036Member2025-03-272025-03-270000831001c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueApr2028Member2025-03-272025-03-270000831001c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueSept2026Member2025-03-272025-03-270000831001c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueSept2028Member2025-03-272025-03-270000831001c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueOct2028Member2025-03-272025-03-270000831001c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueMar2029Member2025-03-272025-03-270000831001c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueMar2036Member2025-03-272025-03-27

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) 

March 27, 2025

Citigroup Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 

1-9924 

52-1568099

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

388 Greenwich Street, New York,

New York 

10013

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

(212) 559-1000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 

8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 

14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 formatted in Inline XBRL: See Exhibit 99.01 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 

12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 

240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Citigroup Inc. 

Current Report on Form 

8-K

Item 9.01

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits: 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

1.01 Terms Agreement, dated March 20, 2025, among Citigroup Inc. (the Company) and the underwriters named therein, relating to the offer and sale of the Companys 5.333% Fixed Rate / Floating Rate Senior Notes due March 27, 2036. 

4.01 Form of Note for the Companys 5.333% Fixed Rate / Floating Rate Senior Notes due March 27, 2036. 

5.01 Opinion of Karen Wang, Esq. 

99.01 Citigroup Inc. securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the filing date. 

104 The cover page of this Current Report on Form 

8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL.

2 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has 

duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: March 27, 2025 CITIGROUP INC.

By: 

/s/ Karen Wang

Karen Wang

Assistant Secretary

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.01
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d934780dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.01
<TEXT>
EX-1.01

Exhibit 1.01 

Execution Version 

TERMS AGREEMENT 

March 20, 2025 

Citigroup Inc. 

388 Greenwich Street 

New York, New York 10013 

Attention: Assistant Treasurer 

Ladies and
Gentlemen: 

We understand that Citigroup Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell
US$2,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.333% Fixed Rate / Floating Rate Senior Notes Due 2036 (the Securities). Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein or incorporated by reference herein, we, the
entities named on the list attached as Annex A hereto (Annex A), as underwriters (the Underwriters), offer to purchase, severally and not jointly, the principal amount of the Securities set forth opposite our
respective names on Annex A at 99.575% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued interest, if any, from the date of issuance. The Closing Date shall be March 27, 2025, at 9:30 a.m. (Eastern Time). The closing shall take place at the offices
of Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP located at One Liberty Plaza, New York, New York 10006. 

The Securities shall have the
terms set forth in Annex B hereto. The Securities shall be issuable as Registered Securities only. The Securities will be initially represented by one or more global Securities registered in the name of The Depository Trust Company
(DTC) or its nominees, as described in the Prospectus relating to the Securities. Beneficial interests in the Securities will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC, Euroclear
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. and their respective participants. Owners of beneficial interests in the Securities will be entitled to physical delivery of Securities in certificated form only under the limited circumstances described in
the Prospectus. Principal and interest on the Securities shall be payable in United States dollars, and the record date for the Securities shall be the business day immediately preceding each interest payment date. Sections 12.02 and 12.03 of the
indenture, dated as of November 13, 2013, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (the Trustee) (as amended from time to time, the Indenture) relating to defeasance and discharge and
covenant defeasance, respectively, shall apply to the Securities. 

All the provisions contained in the document entitled Citigroup
Inc. Amended and Restated Debt Securities Underwriting Agreement Basic Provisions dated March 7, 2023 (the A&R Basic Provisions), a copy of which you have previously received, are herein
incorporated by reference in their entirety and shall be deemed to be a part of this Terms Agreement to the same extent as if the A&R Basic Provisions had been set forth in full herein, except for 

Section 1(h), which is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

In connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor,
to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has breached or violated in any material way any applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws or regulations, including the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, each as may be amended, and the Company and its subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to achieve compliance therewith. No part of the
proceeds of the offering of the Securities will be directly or knowingly indirectly used in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, each as may be amended. 

Section 1(i), which is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

The Company and its subsidiaries have and will continue to maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to
achieve compliance by the Company and its subsidiaries with applicable laws, rules and regulations related to anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing initiatives in the jurisdictions in which it operates, and any related financial
recordkeeping and reporting requirements. 

Section 1(j), which is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer or employee
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (i) is, or is 50% or more owned by, an individual or entity that is currently the subject of any sanctions administered or imposed by the United States (including any administered or enforced by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department or the U.S. Department of State), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, or the United Kingdom (including sanctions administered or controlled by His Majestys
Treasury) or other applicable sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), (ii) is located, organized or ordinarily resident in a country or territory that is the subject of comprehensive Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with
that country or territory or (iii) will directly or indirectly use the proceeds of this offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person to fund any activities or
business with any individual or entity, or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, except to the extent permissible under the Sanctions. 

Terms defined in the A&R Basic Provisions are used herein as therein defined. The Execution Time means 3:25 p.m. (Eastern Time). 

The Underwriters hereby agree in connection with the underwriting of the Securities to comply with the requirements set forth in any
applicable sections of Rule 5121 of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA). 

2 

Selling Restrictions: 

European Economic Area 

Each Underwriter
represents and agrees that no Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus Supplement may be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this
provision: 

(a) the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 

(1) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II); or

(2) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive),
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 

(3) not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation); and

(b) the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of
the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Securities. 

United
Kingdom 

Each Underwriter represents and agrees that no Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus
Supplement may be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 

(a) the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 

(1) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or 

(2) a customer within the meaning
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 

(3) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;
and 

(b) the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms
of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Securities. 

3 

Additionally, in the United Kingdom, the Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying
Prospectus is being distributed only to, and is directed only at qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive who are, (i) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments
falling within Article 19 (5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended, or the Order, and/or (ii) high net worth companies (or persons to whom it may otherwise be lawfully communicated) falling within Article 49(2)(a) to
(d) of the Order, which persons together we refer to in this prospectus as relevant persons. Accordingly, each Underwriter represents and agrees that such documents and/or materials are not being distributed to, and must not be
passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. The Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus must not be acted on or relied on in the United Kingdom by persons who are not relevant persons. In the United Kingdom, any investment
or investment activity to which the Prospectus Supplement and the accompanying Prospectus relates is only available to, and will be engaged in with, relevant persons only. 

Hong Kong 

Each Underwriter: 

(a) has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Securities other than to (i)
professional investors as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a
prospectus as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and 

(b) has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the
purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which are or are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except
if permitted to do so under securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to professional investors within the meaning of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance. 

Japan 

The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (the
FIEA). Each Underwriter represents and agrees that it has not and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any of the Securities in Japan or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Japan (including any
corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Japan for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Japan
except (1) pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, or otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and (2) in compliance with the other applicable laws, regulations and governmental guidelines of Japan. 

4 

Singapore 

The Prospectus Supplement and accompanying Prospectus relating to this offering have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with
the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (the SFA). Accordingly, each Underwriter has not offered or sold any Securities or caused the Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Securities or cause the Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, such
Prospectus Supplement and accompanying Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Securities, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions,
specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 

Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of
the SFA, the Company has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Securities are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital
Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 

Certain of the Underwriters may not
be U.S. registered broker-dealers and accordingly will not effect any sales within the United States except in compliance with applicable U.S. laws and regulations, including the rules of FINRA. Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited,
Singapore Branch (ICBC) is restricted in its securities dealings in the United States and will not underwrite, subscribe, agree to purchase or procure purchasers to purchase securities that are offered or sold in the United
States. Accordingly, ICBC shall not be obligated to, and shall not, underwrite, subscribe, agree to purchase or procure purchasers to purchase securities that may be offered or sold by other underwriters in the United States. ICBC shall offer and
sell the Securities constituting part of its allotment solely outside the United States. 

Karen Wang, Esq., Senior Vice President 
Corporate Securities Issuance Legal of the Company, is counsel to the Company. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP is special tax counsel to the Company and counsel to the Underwriters. 

5 

Please accept this offer no later than 9:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on March 20, 2025 by
signing a copy of this Terms Agreement in the space set forth below and returning the signed copy to us, or by sending us a written acceptance in the following form: 

We hereby accept your offer, set forth in the Terms Agreement, dated March 20, 2025, to purchase the Securities on the terms set
forth therein. 

Very truly yours,

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., on behalf of the Underwriters named herein

By: 

/s/ Adam D. Bordner

Name: Adam D. Bordner

Title: Managing Director

ACCEPTED:

CITIGROUP INC.

By: 

/s/ Elissa Steinberg

Name: Elissa Steinberg

Title: Assistant Treasurer

ANNEX A 

Name of

Underwriter Principal

Amount

of Securities 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. $ 1,577,250,000 

ANZ Securities, Inc. $ 15,750,000 

BBVA Securities Inc. $ 15,750,000 

Blaylock Van, LLC $ 15,750,000 

BMO Capital Markets Corp. $ 15,750,000 

CaixaBank, S.A. $ 15,750,000 

Capital One Securities, Inc. $ 15,750,000 

Danske Markets Inc. $ 15,750,000 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. $ 15,750,000 

DZ Financial Markets LLC $ 15,750,000 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC $ 15,750,000 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. $ 15,750,000 

Natixis Securities Americas LLC $ 15,750,000 

Nomura Securities International, Inc. $ 15,750,000 

Nordea Bank Abp $ 15,750,000 

PNC Capital Markets LLC $ 15,750,000 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC $ 15,750,000 

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. $ 15,750,000 

SG Americas Securities, LLC $ 15,750,000 

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. $ 15,750,000 

Standard Chartered Bank $ 15,750,000 

TD Securities (USA) LLC $ 15,750,000 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. $ 15,750,000 

Academy Securities, Inc. $ 11,250,000 

AmeriVet Securities, Inc. $ 11,250,000 

Barclays Capital Inc. $ 11,250,000 

BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC $ 11,250,000 

Cabrera Capital Markets LLC $ 11,250,000 

CAVU Securities LLC $ 11,250,000 

CIBC World Markets Corp. $ 11,250,000 

Citizens JMP Securities, LLC $ 11,250,000 

Commonwealth Bank of Australia $ 11,250,000 

Desjardins Securities Inc. $ 11,250,000 

FHN Financial Securities Corp. $ 11,250,000 

Fifth Third Securities, Inc. $ 11,250,000 

Huntington Securities, Inc. $ 11,250,000 

Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, Singapore Branch $ 11,250,000 

Intesa Sanpaolo IMI Securities Corp. $ 11,250,000 

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. $ 11,250,000 

M&T Securities, Inc. $ 11,250,000 

MFR Securities, Inc. $ 11,250,000 

nabSecurities, LLC $ 11,250,000 

National Bank of Canada Financial Inc. $ 11,250,000 

Nykredit Bank A/S $ 11,250,000 

Regions Securities LLC $ 11,250,000 

Roberts & Ryan, Inc. $ 11,250,000 

Santander US Capital Markets LLC $ 11,250,000 

Stern Brothers & Co. $ 11,250,000 

Tigress Financial Partners LLC $ 11,250,000 

Truist Securities, Inc. $ 11,250,000 

UBS Securities LLC $ 11,250,000 

Westpac Capital Markets LLC $ 11,250,000 

Total $ 2,250,000,000 

ANNEX B 

CITIGROUP INC. 

$2,250,000,000 

5.333%
FIXED RATE / FLOATING RATE CALLABLE SENIOR NOTES DUE 2036 

Terms and Conditions 

Issuer: Citigroup Inc.

Ratings*: [Omitted]

Ranking: Senior

Trade Date: March 20, 2025

Settlement Date: March 27, 2025 (T+5 days)

Maturity: March 27, 2036

Par Amount: $2,250,000,000

Treasury Benchmark: 4.625% due February 15, 2035

Treasury Price: $103-04+

Treasury Yield: 4.233%

Re-offer Spread to Benchmark: T10+110 bp

Re-offer Yield: 5.333%

Fixed Rate Coupon & Payment Dates: 

5.333% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on each March 27 and September 27, beginning on September 27, 2025, from,
and including, the Settlement Date to, but excluding, March 27, 2035 (the fixed rate period).

Following business day convention during the
fixed rate period. Business days during fixed rate period New York.

Floating Rate Coupon & Payment Dates: 

From, and including, March 27, 2035 (the floating rate period), an annual floating rate equal to SOFR (as defined in the
Issuers base prospectus dated March 7, 2023 (the Prospectus) and compounding daily over each interest period as described in the Prospectus) plus 1.465%, payable quarterly in arrears, on the second business day following each
interest period end date, beginning on June 29, 2035 and ending at Maturity or any earlier redemption date. An interest period end date means the 27th of each March, June,
September and December, beginning on June 27, 2035 and ending at Maturity or any earlier redemption date.

Modified following business day convention
applicable to each interest period end date during the floating rate period. Business days during floating rate period New York and U.S. Government Securities Business (as defined in the Prospectus).

Public Offering Price: 100.000%

Net Proceeds to Citigroup: $2,240,437,500 (before expenses)

Day Count: 30/360 during the fixed rate period, Actual/360 during the floating rate period

Defeasance: Applicable. Provisions of Sections 12.02 and 12.03 of the Indenture apply

Redemption at Issuer Option: 

We may redeem the notes, at our option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, on or after September 27, 2025 (or if
additional notes are issued after March 27, 2025, beginning six months after the issue date of such additional notes) and prior to March 27, 2035 at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) the make-whole amount (as described in
the Prospectus) and (ii) 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the date of redemption. The make-whole spread to be added to the Treasury Rate (as
defined in the Prospectus) will equal 20 basis points.

We may redeem the notes, at
our option, (i) in whole, but not in part, on March 27, 2035, or (ii) in whole at any time or in part from time to time, on or after February 27, 2036 at a redemption price equal to the sum of 100% of the principal amount of the
notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the date of redemption.

SOFR for each calendar day from, and including, the Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the redemption date will equal
SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-Off Date.

Rate Cut-Off Date: The second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to a redemption date and Maturity.

Redemption for Tax Purposes: 

We may redeem the notes, at our option, in whole at any time, but not in part at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of
the notes plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the date of redemption, if, as a result of changes in U.S. tax law, withholding tax or information reporting requirements are imposed on payments on the notes to non-U.S. persons.

SOFR for each calendar day from,
and including, the Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the redemption date will equal SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-Off Date.

Sinking Fund: Not applicable

Minimum Denominations/Multiples: $1,000 / multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof

CUSIP: 17327CBA0

ISIN: US17327CBA09

Sole Book Manager: Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

Senior Co-Managers: 

ANZ Securities, Inc.

BBVA Securities Inc.

Blaylock Van, LLC

BMO Capital Markets Corp.

CaixaBank, S.A.

Capital One Securities, Inc.

Danske Markets Inc.

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.

DZ Financial Markets LLC

Mizuho Securities USA LLC

MUFG Securities Americas Inc.

Natixis Securities Americas LLC

Nomura Securities International, Inc.

Nordea Bank Abp

PNC Capital Markets LLC

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.

SG Americas Securities, LLC

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc.

Standard Chartered Bank

TD Securities (USA) LLC

U.S. Bancorp Investments,
Inc.

Junior Co-Managers: 

Academy Securities, Inc.

AmeriVet Securities,
Inc.

Barclays Capital Inc.

BNY Mellon Capital Markets,
LLC

Cabrera Capital Markets LLC

CAVU Securities LLC

CIBC World Markets Corp.

Citizens JMP Securities, LLC

Commonwealth Bank of Australia

Desjardins Securities Inc.

FHN Financial Securities Corp.

Fifth Third Securities, Inc.

Huntington Securities, Inc.

Industrial and Commercial Bank of
China Limited, Singapore Branch

Intesa Sanpaolo IMI Securities Corp.

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.

M&T Securities, Inc.

MFR Securities, Inc.

nabSecurities, LLC

National Bank of Canada Financial Inc.

Nykredit Bank
A/S

Regions Securities LLC

Roberts & Ryan, Inc.

Santander US Capital Markets
LLC

Stern Brothers & Co.

Tigress Financial Partners
LLC

Truist Securities, Inc.

UBS Securities LLC

Westpac Capital Markets LLC

* 

Note: A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities and may be subject to
revision or withdrawal at any time. 

Citigroup Inc. has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the Securities and
Exchange Commission for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in the registration statement and the other documents Citigroup has filed with the SEC for more complete information about
Citigroup and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov. The file number for Citigroups registration statement is No. 333-270327.
Alternatively, you can request the prospectus by calling toll-free in the United States 1-800-831-9146.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.01
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d934780dex401.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.01
<TEXT>
EX-4.01

Exhibit 4.01 

This Note is a Global Security within the meaning of the Indenture hereinafter referred to and is registered in the name of the Depository
named below or a nominee of the Depository. This Note is not exchangeable for Notes registered in the name of a Person other than the Depository or its nominee except in the limited circumstances described herein and in the Indenture, and no
transfer of this Note (other than a transfer of this Note as a whole by the Depository to a nominee of the Depository or by a nominee of the Depository to the Depository or another nominee of the Depository) may be registered except in the limited
circumstances described herein. 

Unless this certificate is presented by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a
New York corporation (the Depository), to the Company or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange, or payment, and any certificate issued is registered in the name of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by
an authorized representative of the Depository (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of the Depository), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR
OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL in as much as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 

CITIGROUP INC. 

5.333%
Fixed Rate / Floating Rate Senior Notes due March 27, 2036 

REGISTERED REGISTERED

CUSIP: 17327CBA0

ISIN: US17327CBA09

No. R-* $*

CITIGROUP INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company, which term includes any successor Person
under the Indenture), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of $* on March 27, 2036 (the Maturity Date) and to pay interest thereon from and including
March 27, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for. The Company shall pay interest (i) from March 27, 2025 to, but excluding, March 27, 2035 (the Fixed Rate
Period) at a fixed rate of 5.333% per annum semi-annually, on March 27th and September 27th of each year (each such date, a Fixed Rate Period Interest Payment Date), commencing September 27, 2025 and (ii) from, and
including, March 27, 2035 (the Floating Rate Period), at an annual rate equal to Compounded SOFR (and defined on the reverse hereof) plus 1.465% quarterly, on the second business day following each Interest Period End Date (each
such business day, a Floating Rate Period Interest Payment Date and together with any Fixed Rate Period Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date), commencing June 29, 2035, until the principal hereof is paid or made
available for payment and provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Period will be a redemption date or the Maturity Date. An Interest Period End Date is the 27th of each March, June, September, and December,
beginning on June 27, 2035 and ending on a redemption date or the 

Maturity Date. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in the Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is
registered at the close of business on the Record Date for such interest, which shall be the Business Day immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be
payable to the holder on such Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on a subsequent Record Date, such subsequent Record Date to be not less than ten days prior to the date of
payment of such defaulted interest, notice whereof shall be given to holders of Notes of this series not less than ten days prior to such subsequent Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the
requirements of any securities exchange on which the Notes of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. 

During the Fixed Rate Period, interest hereon will be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months, and an Interest Period shall be the period from and including an Interest Payment Date (or March 27, 2025 in the case of the first Interest Period) to and including the day immediately preceding
the next Interest Payment Date. During the Fixed Rate Period, if an Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Payment Date will be the next succeeding Business Day, and no further interest will accrue in respect
of such postponement. For these purposes, Business Day means any day on which commercial banks settle payments and are open for general business in The City of New York. 

During the Floating Rate Period, interest hereon will be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in an interest period and a 360-day year, and an Interest Period shall be the period from and including an Interest Period End Date (or March 27, 2035 in the case of the first Interest Period during the Floating Rate Period) to, but
excluding, the next succeeding Interest Period End Date; provided that the Interest Period following an election by the Company to redeem the Notes and the final Interest Period will be the period from, and including, the immediately
preceding Interest Period End Date to, but excluding, the redemption date or the Maturity Date; and provided further that SOFR for each calendar day from, and including, the Rate Cut-Off Date (as
defined on the reverse hereof) to, but excluding, the redemption date or the Maturity Date will equal SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-Off Date. In the event that any Interest Period End Date (other than a
redemption date or the Maturity Date) is not a Business Day, then such date will be postponed to the next succeeding Business Day, unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the interest period end date will be the immediately
preceding Business Day. For these purposes, Business Day means any day on which commercial banks settle payments and are open for general business in The City of New York and a U.S. Government Securities Business Day (as defined on the
reverse hereof). 

Dollar amounts resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent, with
one-half cent being rounded upward. In the event that the Maturity Date or a redemption date is not a Business Day, then such date will be postponed to the next succeeding Business Day, and no further interest
will accrue with respect to such postponement. No interest will accrue on any amounts payable for the period from and after the due date for payment of such principal or interest. 

Payment of the principal of and interest on this Note will be made at the office or agency of the paying
agent maintained for that purpose in The City of New York. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse
hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication
hereon has been executed by the Trustee or by an authenticating agent on behalf of the Trustee by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed under its
corporate seal. 

Dated: March 27, 2025 

CITIGROUP INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

ATTEST:

By: 

Name:

Title:

This is one of the Notes of the series issued under the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: March 27, 2025 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

-or-

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as Authenticating Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Securities of the Company (the Notes), issued and
to be issued in one or more series under the senior debt indenture, dated as of November 13, 2013 (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the Indenture), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (the
Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and
immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the holders of the Notes and of the terms upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Note is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in
aggregate principal to $2,250,000,000. 

During the Floating Rate Period, this Note will bear interest for each Interest Period at a rate determined by a
Calculation Agent that will be appointed prior to the first Interest Period End Date. The interest rate on this Note for a particular Interest Period during the Floating Rate Period will be a per annum rate equal to Compounded SOFR (as defined
below) plus 1.465%. Interest during the Floating Rate Period will be calculated by multiplying the principal amount of the Notes by the product of (i) Compounded SOFR plus 1.465% multiplied by (ii) the quotient of actual number of calendar
days in such interest period divided by 360; provided that in no event will the interest payable on the Notes be less than zero. Promptly upon determination, the Calculation Agent will inform the Trustee and the Company of the interest rate
for the next Interest Period. Absent manifest error, the determination of the interest rate by the Calculation Agent shall be binding and conclusive on the holders of Notes, the Trustee and the Company. Nothing herein or in the Indenture shall
obligate the Trustee to act as the Calculation Agent hereunder. 

For the purposes of calculating interest with respect to any Interest Period during the
Floating Rate Period: 

Compounded SOFR means a rate of return of a daily compounded interest investment calculated in
accordance with the formula below, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (0.00000005 being rounded upwards) : 

where 

do, for any Interest Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period. 

i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period. 

SOFRi, for any day i in the relevant Interest Period, is a reference rate equal to SOFR in respect of that day.

ni, for any day i in the relevant Interest Period, is the
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day i to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and
Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 

SOFR means, with respect to any day, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provisions:

(1) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate for trades made on such day that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the
NY Federal Reserves Website on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such day (SOFR Determination Time); or 

(2) if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, unless a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
have occurred as described in (3) below, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY Federal Reserves Website for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was
published on the NY Federal Reserves Website; or 

(3) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have
occurred prior to the relevant interest period end date, the Calculation Agent will use the Benchmark Replacement to determine the rate and for all other purposes relating to the Notes. 

In connection with the Compounded SOFR definition above, the following definitions apply: 

Benchmark means, initially, Compounded SOFR; provided that if the Company (or one of its affiliates) determines that on or prior
to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by Citigroup (or one of
its affiliates) as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 

(2) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 

(3) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the
Company (or one of its affiliates) as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes
at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative
set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Company (or one of its affiliates) as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement; 

(2) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA
Fallback Adjustment; 

(3) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Company
(or one of its affiliates) giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes that the Company (or one of its affiliates) decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Company (or such affiliate) decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Company (or such affiliate) determines that no market
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Company (or such affiliate) determines is reasonably necessary). 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the
public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication
of information referenced therein. 

For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that
will continue to provide the Benchmark; 

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely,
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or 

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the
Benchmark is no longer representative. 

Business Day means any weekday that is not a legal holiday in New York City and is not
a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or required by law or regulation to be closed and is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto. 

ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time. 

ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the
applicable tenor. 

ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 

NY Federal Reserve means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

NY Federal Reserves Website means the website of the NY Federal Reserve, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any
successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. 

Rate Cut-Off Date means the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to a
redemption date or the Maturity Date. 

Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (2) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by Citigroup (or one of its affiliates) in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NY Federal
Reserve, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor thereto. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

Upon request from any Noteholder, the Calculation Agent will provide the interest rate in effect on this Note for the current Interest Period during the
Floating Rate Period and, if it has been determined, the interest rate to be in effect for the next Interest Period during the Floating Rate Period. 

If
an event of default (as defined in the Indenture) with respect to Notes of this series shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Notes of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the
Indenture. 

Sections 12.02 and 12.03 of the Indenture containing provisions for defeasance apply to this Note. At any time the entire indebtedness of this
Note may be defeased upon compliance by the Company with certain conditions set forth in Section 12.04 of the Indenture. 

The
Indenture contains provisions permitting the Company and the Trustee, without the consent of the holders of the Securities, to establish, among other things, the form and terms of any series of Securities issuable thereunder by one or more
supplemental indentures, and, with the consent of the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of Securities at the time outstanding which are affected thereby, to modify the Indenture or any supplemental indenture or the rights of the
holders of Securities of such series to be affected, provided that no such modification will (i) extend the fixed maturity of any Securities, reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest thereon, reduce the principal amount thereof
or the premium, if any, thereon, reduce the amount of the principal of Original Issue Discount Securities payable on any date, change the currency in which Securities are payable, or impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such
payment on or after the maturity thereof, without the consent of the holder of each Security so affected, or (ii) reduce the aforesaid percentage of Securities of any series the consent of the holders of which is required for any such
modification without the consent of the holders of all Securities of such series then outstanding, or (iii) modify the rights, duties or immunities of the Trustee unless the Trustee agrees to such modification. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute
and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

This
Note is a Global Security registered in the name of a nominee of the Depository. This Note is exchangeable for Notes registered in the name of a person other than the Depository or its nominee only in the limited circumstances hereinafter described.
Unless and until it is exchanged in whole or in part for definitive Notes in certificated form, this Note may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depository to a nominee of the Depository or by a nominee of the Depository to the Depository
or another nominee of the Depository. 

The Notes represented by this Global Security are exchangeable for definitive Notes in certificated form of
like tenor as such Notes in denominations of $1,000 and whole multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof only if (i) the Depository notifies the Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depository for the Notes and the Company is unable
to appoint a successor depository or (ii) the Depository ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or (iii) the Company in its sole discretion decides to allow the Notes to be
exchanged for definitive Notes in registered form. Any Notes that are exchangeable pursuant to the preceding sentence are exchangeable for certificated Notes issuable in authorized denominations and registered in such names as the Depository shall
direct. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of definitive Notes in certificated form is registrable in the register maintained by the Company in The City of New York for such purpose, upon
surrender of the definitive Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the registrar, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the registrar duly executed by, the
holder thereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or
transferees. Subject to the foregoing, this Note is not exchangeable, except for a Global Security or Global Securities of this issue of the same principal amount to be registered in the name of the Depository or its nominee. 

No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or
other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee
and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be
affected by notice to the contrary. 

The Company will pay additional amounts (Additional Amounts) to the beneficial owner of any Note that is
a non-United States person in order to ensure that every net payment on such Note will not be less, due to payment of U.S. withholding tax, than the amount then due and payable. For this purpose, a net
payment on a Note means a payment by the Company or a paying agent, including payment of principal and interest, after deduction for any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge of the United States. These Additional
Amounts will constitute additional interest on the Note. 

The Company will not be required to pay Additional Amounts, however, in any of the circumstances
described in items (1) through (13) below. 

(1) Additional Amounts will not be payable if a payment on a Note is reduced as a result
of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld solely by reason of the beneficial owner: 

(a) having a
relationship with the United States as a citizen, resident or otherwise; 

(b) having had such a relationship in the past; or 

(c) being considered as having had such a relationship. 

(2) Additional Amounts will not be payable if a payment on a Note is reduced as a result of
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld solely by reason of the beneficial owner: 

(a) being treated
as present in or engaged in a trade or business in the United States; 

(b) being treated as having been present in or engaged in a trade or
business in the United States in the past; or 

(c) having or having had a permanent establishment in the United States. 

(3) Additional Amounts will not be payable if a payment on a Note is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge
that is imposed or withheld in whole or in part by reason of the beneficial owner being or having been any of the following (as such terms are defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended): 

(a) personal holding company; 

(b) foreign private foundation or other foreign tax-exempt organization; 

(c) passive foreign investment company; 

(d) controlled foreign corporation; or 

(e) corporation which has accumulated earnings to avoid United States federal income tax. 

(4) Additional Amounts will not be payable if a payment on a Note is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge
that is imposed or withheld solely by reason of the beneficial owner owning or having owned, actually or constructively, 10 percent or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company entitled to vote or by reason
of the beneficial owner being a bank that has invested in a Note as an extension of credit in the ordinary course of its trade or business. 

For purposes
of items (1) through (4) above, beneficial owner means a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of the holder if the holder is an estate, trust, partnership, limited liability company, corporation or other entity, or
a person holding a power over an estate or trust administered by a fiduciary holder. 

(5) Additional Amounts will not be payable to any
beneficial owner of a Note that is a: 

(a) fiduciary; 

(b) partnership; 

(c) limited
liability company; or 

(d) other fiscally transparent entity 

or that is not the sole beneficial owner of the Note, or any portion of the Note. However, this exception to the obligation to pay Additional
Amounts will only apply to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor in relation to the fiduciary, or a beneficial owner or member of the partnership, limited liability company or other fiscally transparent entity, would not have been entitled to the
payment of an Additional Amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its beneficial or distributive share of the payment. 

(6) Additional Amounts will not be payable if a payment on a Note is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge
that is imposed or withheld solely by reason of the failure of the beneficial owner or any other person to comply with applicable certification, identification, documentation or other information reporting requirements. This exception to the
obligation to pay Additional Amounts will only apply if compliance with such reporting requirements is required by statute or regulation of the United States or by an applicable income tax treaty to which the United States is a party as a
precondition to exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental charge. 

(7) Additional Amounts will not be payable if a payment on a Note is reduced as a result of
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is collected or imposed by any method other than by withholding from a payment on a Note by the Company or a paying agent. 

(8) Additional Amounts will not be payable if a payment on a Note is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge
that is imposed or withheld by reason of a change in law, regulation, or administrative or judicial interpretation that becomes effective more than 15 days after the payment becomes due or is duly provided for, whichever occurs later. 

(9) Additional Amounts will not be payable if a payment on a Note is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge
that is imposed or withheld by reason of the presentation by the beneficial owner of a Note for payment more than 30 days after the date on which such payment becomes due or is duly provided for, whichever occurs later. 

(10) Additional Amounts will not be payable if a payment on a Note is reduced as a result of any: 

(a) estate tax; 

(b) inheritance
tax; 

(c) gift tax; 

(d)
sales tax; 

(e) excise tax; 

(f) transfer tax; 

(g) wealth
tax; 

(h) personal property tax; or 

(i) any similar tax, assessment, withholding, deduction or other governmental charge. 

(11) Additional Amounts will not be payable if a payment on a Note is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment, or other governmental charge
required to be withheld by any paying agent from a payment of principal or interest on a Note if such payment can be made without such withholding by any other paying agent. 

(12) Additional Amounts will not be payable if a payment on a Note is reduced as a result of any withholding, deduction, tax, duty assessment
or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for a failure by the holder or beneficial owner of a Note (or any financial institution through which the holder or beneficial owner holds the Note or through which payment on the
Note is made) to take any action (including entering into an agreement with the Internal Revenue Service, or a governmental authority of another jurisdiction if the holder is entitled to the benefits of an intergovernmental agreement between that
jurisdiction and the United States) or to comply with any applicable certification, documentation, information or other reporting requirement or agreement concerning accounts maintained by the holder or beneficial owner (or any such financial
institution), or concerning ownership of the holder or beneficial owner, or any substantially similar requirement or agreement. 

(13)
Additional Amounts will not be payable if a payment on a Note is reduced as a result of any combination of items (1) through (12) above. 

Except as specifically provided herein, the Company will not be required to make any payment
of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by any government or a political subdivision or taxing authority of such government. 

As used in this Note, United States person means: 

(a) 

any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; 

(b) 

any corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or
any political subdivision thereof; 

(c) 

any estate if the income of such estate falls within the federal income tax jurisdiction of the United States
regardless of the source of such income; and 

(d) 

any trust if (i) a United States court is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration and
one or more United States persons have the authority to control all of the substantial decisions of the trust; or (ii) it has a valid election in effect under applicable United States Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States
person. 

Additionally, non-United States person means a person who
is not a United States person, and United States means the states of the United States of America and the District of Columbia, but excluding its territories and its possessions. 

Except as provided below, the Notes may not be redeemed prior to maturity. 

(1) 

The Company may, at its option, redeem the Notes if: 

(a) 

the Company becomes or will become obligated to pay Additional Amounts as described above;

(b) 

the obligation to pay Additional Amounts arises as a result of any change in the laws, regulations or rulings
of the United States, or an official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, which change is announced or becomes effective on or after March 20, 2025; and 

(c) 

the Company determines, in its business judgment, that the obligation to pay such Additional Amounts cannot be
avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to it, other than substituting the obligor under the Notes or taking any action that would entail a material cost to the Company. 

(2) 

The Company may also redeem the Notes, at its option, if: 

(a) 

any act is taken by a taxing authority of the United States on or after March 20, 2025 whether or not such
act is taken in relation to the Company or any subsidiary, that results in a substantial probability that the Company will or may be required to pay Additional Amounts as described above; 

(b) 

the Company determines, in its business judgment, that the obligation to pay such Additional Amounts cannot be
avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to it, other than substituting the obligor under the Notes or taking any action that would entail a material cost to the Company; and 

(c) 

the Company receives an opinion of independent counsel to the effect that an act taken by a taxing authority of
the United States results in a substantial probability that the Company will or may be required to pay the Additional Amounts described above, and delivers to the Trustee a certificate, signed by a duly authorized officer, stating that based on such
opinion the Company is entitled to redeem the Notes pursuant to their terms. 

Any redemption of the Notes as set forth in clauses (1) or (2) above shall be in whole, and not in
part, and will be made at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption. 

(3) 

The Company may also redeem the Notes, at its option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, on or
after September 27, 2025 (or, if additional notes are issued after March 27, 2025, beginning six months after the issue date of such additional notes) and prior to March 27, 2035, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of
principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date on a semiannual basis
(assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2)
100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in
accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New
York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most
recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) H.15 (or any successor
designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select,
as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the maturity date of the Notes (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately
longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the maturity date of the Notes on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no
such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant
maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 or any successor designation
or publication is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such
redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the maturity date of the Notes, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the maturity date of the Notes but
there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the maturity date of the Notes, one with a maturity date preceding the maturity date of the Notes and one with a maturity date following the maturity
date of the Notes, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the maturity date of the Notes. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the maturity date of the Notes or
two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par
based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of
the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to
three decimal places. 

(4) 

The Company may also redeem the Notes, at its option, (i) in whole, but not in part, on March 27,
2035, or (ii) in whole at any time or in part from time to time, on or after February 27, 2036 at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but
excluding, the date of redemption. 

Holders shall be given not less than 15 days nor more than 60 days prior notice by the
Trustee of the date fixed for such redemption described in (1) and (2) above. Holders shall be given not less than 5 days nor more than 30 days prior notice by the Trustee of the date fixed for such redemption described in
(3) and (4) above. 

All terms used in this Note which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. The
Notes are governed by the laws of the State of New York. 

Schedule 1 

Redemptions and Amount of Securities 

Date of

partial

redemption 

Aggregate

principal amount

of
Securities then

redeemed 

Remaining

principal amount

of this
Global

Security 

Authorized Signature
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.01
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d934780dex501.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.01
<TEXT>
EX-5.01

Exhibit 5.01 

March 27, 2025 

Citigroup Inc. 

388 Greenwich Street 

New York, New York 10013 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

I am a Senior Vice
PresidentCorporate Securities Issuance Legal of Citigroup Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company). I refer to the offering of $2,250,000,000 5.333% Fixed Rate / Floating Rate Senior Notes due March 27, 2036 of the Company
(the Securities) pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3ASR (No. 333-270327) and the prospectus dated March 7, 2023, as supplemented by the
prospectus supplement, dated March 20, 2025 (the Prospectus). The Securities were issued pursuant to the senior debt indenture dated as of November 13, 2013, as amended (the Indenture), between the Company and The
Bank of New York Mellon, as the trustee. 

I have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to my satisfaction, of
such documents, corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments and have conducted such other investigations of fact and law as I have deemed necessary or advisable for the purposes of this opinion. In such examination, I
have assumed the legal capacity of all natural persons, the genuineness of all signatures (other than those of officers of the Company), the authenticity of all documents submitted to me as originals, the conformity to original documents of all
documents submitted to me as certified or photostatic copies and the authenticity of the original of such copies. 

Upon the basis of the
foregoing, I am of the opinion that the Securities have been validly authorized and are validly issued and outstanding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their terms and entitled to the benefits of the Indenture (subject, as
to enforcement, to applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and to general principles of equity regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law). 

Citigroup Inc. 

Page
2

My opinion is limited to matters governed by the Federal laws of the United States of
America, the laws of the State of New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (including the applicable provisions of the Delaware Constitution and the reported judicial decisions interpreting the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware and such applicable provisions of the Delaware Constitution). I am not admitted to the practice of law in the State of Delaware. 

I consent to the filing of this opinion as Exhibit 5.01 to the Companys Current Report on Form
8-K dated March 27, 2025 and to the reference to my name in the Prospectus under the heading Legal Matters. In giving such consent, I do not thereby admit that I come within the category of
persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Karen Wang

Name: Karen Wang

Title: Senior Vice President

Corporate Securities Issuance Legal
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.01
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d934780dex9901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.01
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?EX-99.01

Exhibit 99.01 

Citigroup Inc. securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Title of each class 

Ticker

Symbol(s) 

Title for iXBRL 

Name of each

exchange on which

registered

Common Stock, par value $.01 per share C 

Common Stock, par value $.01 per share New York Stock Exchange

7.625% Trust Preferred Securities of Citigroup Capital III (and registrants guaranty with respect thereto) C/36Y 

7.625% TRUPs of Cap III (and registrants guaranty) New York Stock Exchange

7.875% Fixed Rate / Floating Rate Trust Preferred Securities (TruPS

) of Citigroup Capital XIII (and registrants guaranty with respect thereto) C N 

7.875% FXD / FRN TruPS of Cap XIII (and registrants guaranty) New York Stock Exchange

Medium-Term Senior Notes, Series N, Callable 

Step-Up Coupon Notes Due March 31, 2036 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty with respect thereto) C/36A 

MTN, Series N, Callable 

Step-Up Coupon Notes Due Mar 2036 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) New York Stock Exchange

Medium-Term Senior Notes, Series N, Callable 

Step-Up Coupon Notes Due February 26, 2036 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty with respect thereto) C/36 

MTN, Series N, Callable 

Step-Up Coupon Notes Due Feb 2036 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) New York Stock Exchange

Medium-Term Senior Notes, Series N, Callable Fixed Rate Notes Due December 18, 2035 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty with respect thereto) C/35 

MTN, Series N, Callable Fixed Rate Notes Due Dec 2035 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) New York Stock Exchange

Medium-Term Senior Notes, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due April 26, 2028 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty with respect thereto) C/28 

MTN, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due Apr 26, 2028 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) New York Stock Exchange

Medium-Term Senior Notes, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due September 17, 2026 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty with respect thereto) C/26 

MTN, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due Sept 2026 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) New York Stock Exchange

Medium-Term Senior Notes, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due September 15, 2028 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty with respect thereto) C/28A 

MTN, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due Sept 2028 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) New York Stock Exchange

Medium-Term Senior Notes, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due October 6, 2028 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty with respect thereto) C/28B 

MTN, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due Oct 2028 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) New York Stock Exchange

Medium-Term Senior Notes, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due March 21, 2029 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty with respect thereto) C/29A 

MTN, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due Mar 2029 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) New York Stock Exchange

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>c-20250327.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>c-20250327_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>c-20250327_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>c-20250327_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Amendment Flag 

City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 

Document Type 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Local Phone Number 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Security Exchange Name 

Soliciting Material 

Trading Symbol 

Written Communications 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 

Citigroup Capital III [Member] 

Citigroup Capital III. 

Citigroup Capital XIII [Member] 

Citigroup Capital XIII. 

Common Stock [Member] 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Apr 2028 [Member] 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Apr 2028. 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Dec 2035 [Member] 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Dec 2035. 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Feb 2036 [Member] 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Feb 2036. 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Mar 2029 [Member] 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Mar 2029. 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Mar 2036 [Member] 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Mar 2036. 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Oct 2028 [Member] 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Oct 2028. 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Sept 2026 [Member] 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Sept 2026. 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Sept 2028 [Member] 

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Sept 2028.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>c-20250327_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g934780g0327031647818.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover Page

Mar. 27, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 27, 2025

Entity File Number 1-9924

Entity Registrant Name Citigroup Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 52-1568099

Entity Address, Address Line One 388 Greenwich Street

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10013

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 559-1000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0000831001

Amendment Flag false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $.01 per share

Trading Symbol C

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Citigroup Capital III [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 7.625% TRUPs of Cap III (and registrants guaranty)

Trading Symbol C/36Y

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Citigroup Capital XIII [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 7.875% FXD / FRN TruPS of Cap XIII (and registrants guaranty)

Trading Symbol C N

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Mar 2036 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security MTN, Series N, Callable Step-Up Coupon Notes Due Mar 2036 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty)

Trading Symbol C/36A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Feb 2036 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security MTN, Series N, Callable Step-Up Coupon Notes Due Feb 2036 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty)

Trading Symbol C/36

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Dec 2035 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security MTN, Series N, Callable Fixed Rate Notes Due Dec 2035 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty)

Trading Symbol C/35

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Apr 2028 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security MTN, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due Apr 26, 2028 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty)

Trading Symbol C/28

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Sept 2026 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security MTN, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due Sept 2026 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty)

Trading Symbol C/26

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Sept 2028 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security MTN, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due Sept 2028 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty)

Trading Symbol C/28A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Oct 2028 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security MTN, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due Oct 2028 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty)

Trading Symbol C/28B

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series N Medium Term Senior Notes Due Mar 2029 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security MTN, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due Mar 2029 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty)

Trading Symbol C/29A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=c_CitigroupCapitalIIIMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=c_CitigroupCapitalXIIIMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=c_SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueMar2036Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=c_SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueFeb2036Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=c_SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueDec2035Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=c_SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueApr2028Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=c_SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueSept2026Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=c_SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueSept2028Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=c_SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueOct2028Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=c_SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueMar2029Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
12 
22 
1 
false 
11 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://Citigroup.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

c-20250327.xsd 
c-20250327_cal.xml 
c-20250327_def.xml 
c-20250327_lab.xml 
c-20250327_pre.xml 
d934780d8k.htm 
d934780dex9901.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-065496-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>d934780d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000831001 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

0000831001 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

0000831001 

c:CitigroupCapitalIIIMember 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

0000831001 

c:CitigroupCapitalXIIIMember 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

0000831001 

c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueDec2035Member 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

0000831001 

c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueFeb2036Member 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

0000831001 

c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueApr2028Member 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

0000831001 

c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueSept2026Member 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

0000831001 

c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueSept2028Member 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

0000831001 

c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueOct2028Member 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

0000831001 

c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueMar2029Member 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

0000831001 

c:SeriesNMediumTermSeniorNotesDueMar2036Member 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

0000831001 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-27 
Citigroup Inc. 
DE 
1-9924 
52-1568099 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
NY 
10013 
212 
559-1000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
C 
Common Stock, par value $.01 per share 
NYSE 
C/36Y 
7.625% TRUPs of Cap III (and registrants guaranty) 
NYSE 
C N 
7.875% FXD / FRN TruPS of Cap XIII (and registrants guaranty) 
NYSE 
C/36A 
MTN, Series N, Callable Step-Up Coupon Notes Due Mar 2036 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) 
NYSE 
C/36 
MTN, Series N, Callable Step-Up Coupon Notes Due Feb 2036 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) 
NYSE 
C/35 
MTN, Series N, Callable Fixed Rate Notes Due Dec 2035 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) 
NYSE 
C/28 
MTN, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due Apr 26, 2028 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) 
NYSE 
C/26 
MTN, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due Sept 2026 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) 
NYSE 
C/28A 
MTN, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due Sept 2028 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) 
NYSE 
C/28B 
MTN, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due Oct 2028 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) 
NYSE 
C/29A 
MTN, Series N, Floating Rate Notes Due Mar 2029 of CGMHI (and registrants guaranty) 
NYSE
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>