<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-005418.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-005418.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221160025
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-005418
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250214
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Artius II Acquisition Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002034334
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42521
		FILM NUMBER:		25651574

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 COLUMBUS CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2215
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 309 7668

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 COLUMBUS CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2215
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20043975_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0002034334Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value00020343342025-02-142025-02-140002034334aacb:ClassAOrdinarySharesParValue00001PerShareMember2025-02-142025-02-140002034334aacb:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassAOrdinaryShare00001ParValueOneRightToReceiveOneTenthOfOneClassAOrdinaryShareAndOneContingentRightMember2025-02-142025-02-140002034334aacb:RightsEachRightEntitlingTheHolderToReceiveOneTenthOfOneClassAOrdinaryShareMember2025-02-142025-02-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

February 14, 2025

ARTIUS II ACQUISITION INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands

1-42521

98-1802901

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

3 Columbus Circle, Suite 1609

New York, NY10019

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(212) 309-7668

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of
the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, one right to receive one tenth of one Class A ordinary share, and one contingent right

AACBU

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

AACB

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one tenth of one Class A ordinary share

AACBR

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events.

On February 14, 2025, Artius II Acquisition Inc. (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (the IPO) of 22,000,000
units (the Units), including the issuance of 2,000,000 Units as a result of the underwriters partial exercise of its over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (Class

A Ordinary Shares), one right to receive one tenth of one Class A Ordinary Share, and one contingent right. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $220,000,000. As a result of the
underwriters election to partially exercise its over-allotment option, 250,000 Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, were surrendered by the Companys sponsor, Artius II Acquisition Partners LLC (the Sponsor)
for no consideration.

Substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale (the Private Placement) of 175,000 units
(the Private Placement Units) at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $1,750,000.

A total of $220,000,000, comprised of proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee. An audited balance sheet as of February 14, 2025 reflecting receipt of the proceeds upon consummation of the IPO and the Private Placement has
been issued by the Company and is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. 

Description of Exhibits

99.1 

Audited Balance Sheet, as of February 14, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ARTIUS II ACQUISITION INC.

Date: February 21, 2025 

/s/ Boon Sim

Name: Boon Sim

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20043975_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Artius II Acquisition Inc.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Page

Financial Statement of Artius II Acquisition Inc.: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2

Balance Sheet as of February 14, 2025 

F-3

Notes to Financial Statement 

F-4

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of

Artius II Acquisition Inc.:

Opinion on the Financial statement

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Artius II Acquisition Inc. (the Company) as of February 14, 2025 and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the financial statement). In our opinion, the financial statement presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February 14, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.

Going Concern Uncertainty

The accompanying financial statement has been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statement,
the Company does not have sufficient cash and working capital to sustain its operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statement. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. Managements plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

This financial statement is the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys financial statement based on
our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statement is free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no
such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statement. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC

We have served as the Companys auditor since 2024.

New York, New York

February 21, 2025

F-2

Artius II Acquisition Inc.

BALANCE SHEET

FEBRUARY 14, 2025

Assets: 

Cash 

$

774,716 

Prepaid expenses 

25,600 

Total Current Assets 

800,316 

Cash held in Trust Account 

220,000,000 

Total Assets 

$

220,800,316 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit: 

Accrued expenses 

$

1,563 

Accrued offering costs 

86,900 

Total Current Liabilities 

88,463 

Advisory fee 

6,000,000 

Deferred underwriting fee 

6,600,000 

Total Liabilities 

12,688,463 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 22,000,000 shares at redemption value of $10.00 per share 

220,000,000 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 400,000,000 shares authorized; 175,000 issued and outstanding, excluding
22,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption 

18 

Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 5,500,000 shares issued and outstanding 

550 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

(11,888,715) 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

(11,888,147) 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

$

$220,800,316 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statement.

F-3

Artius II Acquisition Inc.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 14, 2025

Note 1 Organization and Business Operations

Artius II Acquisition Inc. (the Company) is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on July 25, 2024. The Company was incorporated
for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination). The Company has not selected any
specific Business Combination target and the Company has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination with
the Company.

As of February 14, 2025, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from July 25, 2024 (inception) through February 14, 2025 relates
to the Companys formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering), which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the
earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.

The Companys Sponsor is Artius II Acquisition Partners LLC (the Sponsor). The registration statement for the Companys Initial Public Offering was declared
effective on February 12, 2025. On February 14, 2025, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 22,000,000 units (the Units), which includes the partial exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of
2,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $220,000,000. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share (the Public Share), one right entitling the holder thereof to receive one tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary
share upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination (the Public Right) and one contingent right to receive a pro rata share of 1,100,000 at the time at which the distributable shares will be distributed, which will occur
substantially concurrently with the closing of an initial Business Combination upon the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions specified in the Business Combination merger agreement (the distribution time) under certain circumstances,
concurrently with the forfeiture by the Sponsor of an equal number of Class B ordinary shares (founder shares).

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of 175,000 private placement units (the Private
Placement Units) at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of $1,750,000. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share (each, a private placement share) and one right entitling the holder
thereof to receive one tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination (each, a private placement right).

Transaction costs amounted to $7,537,261, consisting of $250,000 of cash underwriting fee, $6,600,000 of deferred underwriting fee and $687,261 of other offering
costs.

The Companys management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement
Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination (less deferred underwriting commissions).

The Companys Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net balance in the
Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held, the advisory fee (as defined in Note 6), and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing an agreement to enter
into a Business Combination. The board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of the initial business combination. If the board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the initial
business combination, the Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. There is no assurance
that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering on February 14, 2025, an amount of $220,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units, and
a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in the Trust Account (the Trust Account) and initially be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in
money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations; the holding of these assets in this form is intended to be temporary and for the sole
purpose of facilitating the intended Business Combination. To mitigate the risk that the Company might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, which risk increases the longer that the Company holds
investments in the Trust Account, the Company may, at any time (based on the management teams ongoing

F-4

Artius II Acquisition Inc.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 14, 2025

Note 1 Organization and Business Operations (cont.)

assessment of all factors related to the Companys potential status under the Investment Company Act), instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the
Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash or in an interest bearing demand deposit account at a bank. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company
to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Companys initial Business
Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Companys public shares (as defined below) if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or 24 months from the
closing of this offering if we have executed a definitive agreement for an initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering) or by such earlier liquidation date as the Companys board of directors may
approve (the Completion Window), subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the Companys public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject
to the claims of the Companys creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Companys public shareholders.

The Company will provide the Companys public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial
Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder
approval of a proposed initial Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations.

The ordinary shares subject to redemption were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering,
in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Boards (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.

The Company will have only the duration of the Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. However, if the Company is unable to complete its
initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay liquidation and dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then
outstanding public shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the public shares and completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other
distributions, if any), subject to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject to the other requirements of applicable law.

The Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights
with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial business combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement
shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;

F-5

Artius II Acquisition Inc.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 14, 2025

Note 1 Organization and Business Operations (cont.)

(iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if the company fails
to complete the initial business combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after
the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions, aside from shares they may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act, which would not be voted in favor of
approving the Business Combination) in favor of the initial Business Combination.

The Companys Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the
Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below
the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver
is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company
believes that the Sponsors only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.

Going Concern Consideration

At February 14, 2025, the Company had working capital of $711,853 (excluding deferred offering costs). Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to
incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. The Company lacks the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the date of the issuance
of the financial statement. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to address this uncertainty through the Business Combination. There is no assurance that the
Companys plans to complete the Business Combination will be successful. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial statement is presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (the US GAAP) and
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

Emerging Growth Company Status

The Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the
JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with
the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a
nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

F-6

Artius II Acquisition Inc.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 14, 2025

Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies (cont.)

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is
irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging
growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Companys financial statement with another public company which is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statement in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Actual
results could differ from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company had $774,716 in
cash and no cash equivalents as of February 14, 2025.

Cash Held in Trust Account

As of February 14, 2025, the assets held in the Trust Account, amounting to $220,000,000, were held in cash.

Offering Costs

The Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5A Expenses of Offering. Offering costs consist
principally of professional and registration fees that are related to the Initial Public Offering. FASB ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options, addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt into its
equity and debt components. The Company applies this guidance to allocate Initial Public Offering proceeds from the Units between Class A ordinary shares and rights, by allocating Initial Public Offering proceeds first to assigned value of the
rights and then to the Class A ordinary shares. Offering costs allocated to the Public and Private Placement Units were allocated to temporary equity and shareholders deficit, based on the classification of underlying financial instruments.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the Companys assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for
income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in

F-7

Artius II Acquisition Inc.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 14, 2025

Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies (cont.)

future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income.
Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or
expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Companys management determined that the Cayman Islands is the
Companys major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of February 14, 2025, there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for
interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes
or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Companys tax provision was zero for the period presented.

Share Rights

The Company accounted for the share rights issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the private placement in accordance with the guidance contained
in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, the Company evaluated and classified the share rights under equity treatment at its assigned value.

Class A Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

The Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Companys liquidation, or if there is a
shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company classifies Public Shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption provisions
are not solely within the control of the Company. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of redeemable shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting
period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares will result in charges against additional
paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Accordingly, as of February 14, 2025, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders
deficit section of the Companys balance sheet. As of February 14, 2025, the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table:

Gross proceeds 

$ 

220,000,000 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights and Contingent Rights 

(3,270,300 

)

Class A ordinary shares issuance cost 

(7,419,876 

)

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

10,690,176 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, February 14, 2025 

$ 

220,000,000 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments in this ASU require
disclosures, on an annual and interim basis, of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating officer decision maker (CODM), as well as the aggregate amount of other segment items included in the reported
measure of segment profit or loss. The ASU requires that a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and
deciding how to allocate resources. Public entities will be required to provide all annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 in interim periods, and entities with a single reportable segment are required to provide all the disclosures
required by the amendments in this ASU and existing segment disclosures in Topic 280. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early
adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 on January 1, 2025.

Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the
Companys financial statement.

Note 3 Initial Public Offering

Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering on February 14, 2025, the Company sold 22,000,000 Units, which includes the partial exercise by the underwriter of its
over-allotment option in the amount of 2,000,000 Units, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, one right entitling the holder thereof to receive one tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share
upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination and one contingent right to receive a pro rata share of the distributable shares, concurrently with the forfeiture by the Sponsor of an equal number of founder shares.

Note 4 Private Placement

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 175,000 Private Placement Units, at a price of $10.00 per unit,
or $1,750,000 in the aggregate in a private placement.

The Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights
with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption

F-8

Artius II Acquisition Inc.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 14, 2025

Note 4 Private Placement (cont.)

rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the
Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the public shares
if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be
entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets
outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions,
aside from shares they may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act, which would not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination) in favor of the initial Business Combination.

Note 5 Related Party Transactions

Founder Shares

On July 31, 2024, the Sponsor made a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share, to cover certain of the Companys deferred offering costs
and expenses, for which the Company issued 7,187,500 founder shares to the Sponsor. Subsequently, in October 2024, our Sponsor forfeited an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares, such that our Sponsor owns an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder
shares. Following and as a result of that forfeiture of founder shares, the Sponsor is deemed to have purchased the founder shares for $0.004 per share. Up to 750,000 of the founder shares may be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration
depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment is exercised. On February 14, 2025, the underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option and forfeited the unexercised balance. As a result of the partial exercise and the
forfeiture of the over-allotment option by the underwriter, 500,000 founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture and 250,000 founder shares were forfeited, resulting in the Sponsor holding 5,500,000 founder shares.

The Companys initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion
thereof until the earlier to occur of (i) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial
Business Combination that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other
agreements of the Companys initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares (the Lock-up). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share
sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates
a transaction after the initial Business Combination which results in the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the founder shares will be released from the Lock-up.

Promissory Note Related Party

The Sponsor had agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. The loan was
non-interest bearing and unsecured. The promissory note was payable on the date the Company consummates the Initial Public Offering out of the $750,000 of offering proceeds that had been allocated to the payment of offering expenses, from amounts
available for working capital or from the net proceeds of the offering and the sale of the private placement units not held in the Trust Account. As of February 14, 2025, the Company repaid the outstanding balance of the note amounting to
$135,165. Borrowings under the note are no longer available.

Working Capital Loans

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Companys officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the

F-9

Artius II Acquisition Inc.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 14, 2025

Note 5 Related Party Transactions (cont.)

Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held
outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement shares
of the post-business combination entity at a price of $10.00 per 1.1 shares at the option of the lender. Such shares are identical to the Private Placement Shares. There are no Working Capital Loans outstanding as of February 14, 2025.

Administrative Services Agreement

The Company entered into an agreement with the Sponsor, commencing on February 14, 2025 through the earlier of the Companys consummation of a Business Combination
and its liquidation, to pay an aggregate of $25,000 per month for office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative support services.

Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies

Risks and Uncertainties

The United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine
conflict and the recent escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the
United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society
for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing geopolitical
tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United
Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts
are highly unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies.
Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

Any of the above mentioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian
invasion of Ukraine, the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the Companys search for an initial Business Combination and any target business with which the Company may
ultimately consummate an initial Business Combination.

Registration Rights

The holders of the (i) founder shares, (ii) private placement units, (iii) private placement rights, (iv) private placement shares, (v) Class A ordinary shares that
may be issued upon conversion of the private placement rights upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination, and (vi) private placement shares that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans have registration rights to
require the Company to register a sale of any of the securities held by them and any other securities of the company acquired by them prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed
on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain
piggyback registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements.

Underwriting Agreement

The underwriter had a 45-day option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any. On
February 14, 2025, the underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option in the amount of 2,000,000 units and forfeited the remaining unexercised balance of 1,000,000 units.

F-10

Artius II Acquisition Inc.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 14, 2025

Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies (cont.)

The underwriter was entitled to $250,000, which was paid in cash to the underwriter at the closing of the Initial Public Offering.

Additionally, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of $0.30 per Unit or $6,600,000 in the aggregate. Such deferred underwriting
commissions will not be payable with respect to any shares redeemed in connection with an initial business combination, and may be paid at the sole and absolute discretion of the Company's management team to any one or more FINRA members, which
may or may not include the underwriter in the Initial Public Offering. The deferred underwriting discount will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its Initial
Business Combination.

Advisory Fee

In addition to the underwriting agreement, the Company entered into an agreement with the underwriter in which the underwriter is entitled to an advisory fee of
$6,000,000 upon and subject to the closing of our initial Business Combination. The termination clause in the agreement deems the fee earned and recordable as of February 14, 2025, and has been recorded as advisory fee on the accompanying balance
sheet.

Note 7 Shareholders Deficit

Preference Shares The Company is authorized to issue
a total of 1,000,000 preference shares at par value of $0.0001 each. At February 14, 2025, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding.

Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to
issue a total of 400,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at par value of $0.0001 each. At February 14, 2025, there were 175,000 Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding, excluding 22,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption.

Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to
issue a total of 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares at par value of $0.0001 each. On July 31, 2024, the Company issued 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor for $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share. Subsequently, in October 2024,
the Sponsor forfeited an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares, such that our Sponsor owns an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares. Following and as a result of that forfeiture of founder shares, the Sponsor is deemed to have purchased the
founder shares for $0.004 per share. The founder shares included an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriter in full. As of February 14, 2025, due to the underwriters
option to partially exercise their over-allotment option, the Company forfeited 250,000 founder shares and there are 5,500,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding.

The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the
option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional
Class A ordinary shares, or any other equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the Initial Public Offering and related to or in connection with the closing of the initial business combination, the
ratio at which Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed
issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20% of the sum of (i) the total number of all Class A ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of
the Initial Public Offering (including any Class A ordinary shares issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option and excluding the Class A ordinary shares underlying the shares underlying the private placement units issued to the
Sponsor), plus (ii) all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued, in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to
any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent shares issued to the Sponsor or any of its affiliates or to our officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans); provided, that the distributable
shares and the sponsors forfeiture of a number of Class B ordinary shares equal to the number of distributable shares will be disregarded for purposes of this adjustment. Such adjustment may result in material dilution to our public
shareholders.

Holders of record of the Companys Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by
shareholders. Unless specified in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as required by the Companies Act or stock exchange rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and the amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, which

F-11

Artius II Acquisition Inc.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 14, 2025

Note 7 Shareholders Deficit (cont.)

requires the affirmative vote of at least a simple majority of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are
allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the company is generally required to approve any matter voted on by the Companys shareholders. Approval of certain actions require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
(except as specified below) requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting, and
pursuant to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, such actions include amending the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another
company. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, meaning, following the Companys initial Business Combination, the holders of more than 50% of the ordinary shares voted for the appointment of directors can
appoint all of the directors. Prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will (i) have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors and (ii) be entitled to vote on
continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to adopt new constitutional documents as a result of approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman
Islands). Holders of the Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on these matters during such time. These provisions of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended if approved by a special
resolution passed by the affirmative vote of at least 90% (or, where such amendment is proposed in respect of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, two-thirds) of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so,
vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the Company.

Rights

Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a Business Combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive one tenth (1/10) of one
Class A ordinary share upon consummation of the initial Business Combination, even if the holder of a public right redeemed all Class A ordinary shares held by him, her or it in connection with the initial Business Combination or an amendment to
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to our pre-initial business combination activities. In the event the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial Business Combination, each
holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share underlying each right upon consummation of the Business Combination. No additional consideration
will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional Class A ordinary shares upon consummation of an initial Business Combination. The Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of the rights will
be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). If we enter into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights
to receive the same consideration per ordinary share the holders of the Class A ordinary shares will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into Class A ordinary shares basis.

The Company will not issue fractional Class A ordinary shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest
whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with Cayman Islands law. As a result, the holder must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive Class A ordinary shares for all of their rights upon closing of a Business Combination. If
the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the required time period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights,
nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such rights. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of
an initial Business Combination. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless.

Note 8 Fair Value Measurements

The fair value of the Companys financial assets and liabilities reflects managements estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with
the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the
Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The
following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities:

Level 1: 

Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur
with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.

Level 2: 

Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

Level 3: 

Unobservable inputs based on assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.

The Public Rights have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require remeasurement after issuance. The following table presents the quantitative
information regarding market assumptions used in the valuation of the Public Rights:

February 

14, 2025 

Trade price of Unit 

$ 

10.00 

Stock price 

$ 

9.78 

Market adjustment(1) 

14.9 

%

Fair value per share right 

$ 

0.145 

(1) 

Market adjustment reflects additional factors not fully captured by low volatility selection, which may include likelihood of business combination occurring, market perception of
lack of available or suitable targets, or possible post-acquisition decline of stock price prior to beginning of the exercise period. The adjustment is determined by comparing traded warrant prices to simulated model outputs.

The Contingent Rights have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require remeasurement after issuance. The following table presents the
quantitative information regarding market assumptions used in the valuation of the Contingent Rights:

February 

14, 2025 

Stock price 

$ 

9.78 

Market adjustment(1) 

14.9 

%

Fair value per share right 

$ 

0.073 

(1) 

Market adjustment reflects additional factors not fully captured by low volatility selection, which may include likelihood of business combination occurring, market perception of
lack of available or suitable targets, or possible post-acquisition decline of stock price prior to beginning of the exercise period. The adjustment is determined by comparing traded warrant prices to simulated model outputs.

F-12

Artius II Acquisition Inc.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY 14, 2025

Note 9 Subsequent Events

The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through February 21, 2025, the date that the financial statement
was available to be issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statement.

F-13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>aacb-20250214.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>aacb-20250214_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>aacb-20250214_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Entity Listings [Table] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, one right to receive one tenth of one Class A ordinary share, and one contingent right [Member] 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share [Member] 

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one tenth of one Class A ordinary share [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>aacb-20250214_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 14, 2025

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 1-42521

Entity Registrant Name ARTIUS II ACQUISITION INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0002034334

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1802901

Entity Address, Address Line One 3 Columbus Circle

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1609

Entity Address, City or Town NY

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10019

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 309-7668

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, one right to receive one tenth of one Class A ordinary share, and one contingent right [Member] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol AACBU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share [Member] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol AACB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one tenth of one Class A ordinary share [Member] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one tenth of one Class A ordinary share

Trading Symbol AACBR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityListingsLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=aacb_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassAOrdinaryShare00001ParValueOneRightToReceiveOneTenthOfOneClassAOrdinaryShareAndOneContingentRightMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=aacb_ClassAOrdinarySharesParValue00001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=aacb_RightsEachRightEntitlingTheHolderToReceiveOneTenthOfOneClassAOrdinaryShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://artiuscapital.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aacb-20250214.xsd 
aacb-20250214_def.xml 
aacb-20250214_lab.xml 
aacb-20250214_pre.xml 
ef20043975_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-005418-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ef20043975_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002034334 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

0002034334 

aacb:ClassAOrdinarySharesParValue00001PerShareMember 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

0002034334 

aacb:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassAOrdinaryShare00001ParValueOneRightToReceiveOneTenthOfOneClassAOrdinaryShareAndOneContingentRightMember 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

0002034334 

aacb:RightsEachRightEntitlingTheHolderToReceiveOneTenthOfOneClassAOrdinaryShareMember 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

false 
0002034334 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value 
8-K 
2025-02-14 
ARTIUS II ACQUISITION INC. 
E9 
1-42521 
98-1802901 
3 Columbus Circle 
Suite 1609 
NY 
NY 
10019 
212 
309-7668 
false 
false 
false 
false 
AACBU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
AACB 
NASDAQ 
Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one tenth of one Class A ordinary share 
AACBR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>