<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-007425.txt : 20250306
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-007425.hdr.sgml : 20250306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250306161541
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-007425
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250303
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			loanDepot, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001831631
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				853948939
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40003
		FILM NUMBER:		25715441

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6561 IRVINE CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 434-5964

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6561 IRVINE CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20044999_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000183163100018316312025-03-032025-03-03

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 3, 2025

loanDepot, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-40003

85-3948939

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

6561 Irvine Center Drive

Irvine, California92618 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (888)
337-6888

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions
(see General Instructions A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value

LDI

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 6, 2025, loanDepot, Inc. (the Company or loanDepot) entered into an Amended and Restated Settlement and Cooperation agreement, (the A&R Cooperation
Agreement) with Anthony Hsieh (Hsieh) and certain of his affiliates (collectively, the Hsieh Stockholders). The A&R Cooperation Agreement amends and restates the settlement and cooperation agreement between the Company and the Hsieh
Stockholders previously entered into on April 4, 2023 (the Previous Agreement).

Pursuant to the terms of the A&R Cooperation Agreement, the Hsieh Stockholders agreed to reinstate and extend certain provisions of the Previous Agreement, including
customary standstill, voting and other obligations with respect to the election or removal of directors with regard to the Companys 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting). These provisions are effective until the date that
is 30 days prior to the deadline for stockholder nominations for director elections for the Companys 2026 annual meeting of stockholders. In addition, the A&R Cooperation Agreement memorializes the Boards (i) approval of Dawn Lepore and John
Lee as the Companys Class I nominees who will stand for re-election at the 2025 Annual Meeting; and (ii) appointment of Nikul Patel as an advisor to the Board and the executive team, effective as of such date as agreed upon between the Board and Mr.
Patel and with such compensation as approved by the Board. As a result, Frank Martells term as a Class I director shall expire at the 2025 Annual Meeting, at which time he shall step down from the Board, and the size of the Board will be decreased
from eight (8) to seven (7) directors as of such time.

An accomplished FinTech executive, Mr. Patel is founder and CEO of LoanGlide Inc., a point-of-sale financing platform. Prior to that, Mr. Patel was an executive at
LendingTree, an online lending marketplace, from June 2012 to February 2019. During his tenure, he managed Product and Strategy for the company as a Chief Product & Strategy Officer. He was also Chief Operating Officer for the company from June
2015 to November 2016. Prior to LendingTree Mr. Patel served as President of Home-Account.com, a Silicon Valley start-up with an online mortgage shopping experience. From 1997 to 2008, Mr. Patel held various senior management roles involving
technology products and services at Intel Corporation. In addition, Mr. Patel co-founded Movoto.com, an online real estate shopping website.

The foregoing descriptions of the A&R Cooperation Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the A&R Cooperation
Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain
Officers.

CEO Transition and Resignation

On March 3, 2025, the Board approved the transition and resignation of Frank Martell, the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer
(CEO). Mr. Martell will continue to serve as President and CEO until the earlier of June 4, 2025 or the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting (the Transition Date), while the Company conducts a search for a permanent CEO to succeed Mr. Martell (the
CEO Transition). If a permanent CEO is not appointed by the Transition Date, the Board approved the appointment of Mr. Hsieh as interim CEO of the Company as of such date. Beginning March 6, 2025, Mr. Hsieh will serve as Executive Chairman,
Mortgage Operations, as further described below.

On the Transition Date, Mr. Martells employment with the Company will terminate, which will constitute a resignation for good reason under his executive employment
agreement. In connection with the CEO Transition, Mr. Martell entered into a transition and separation agreement and general release of claims (the Transition Agreement) with the Company. Subject to his execution of a confirming release of claims,
Mr. Martell will receive the separation payments and benefits to which he is entitled under his executive employment agreement upon resignation for good reason, as described in the Companys proxy statement for the 2024 annual meeting of
stockholders, except that the cash severance will be payable in two installments in June 2025 and December 2025 and the 2025 pro-rated annual bonus will be paid at 60% of target. In addition, the Company will pay up to $25,000 of reasonable legal
fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Transition Agreement and Mr. Martell will receive certain indemnification and director and officer liability insurance protections.

In addition, under the Transition Agreement, Mr. Martell has agreed to provide transition services as an advisor to the Board and the executive team (the Board Advisor)
until the Company appoints a permanent CEO. As Board Advisor, he will receive annualized consulting fees of $75,000 and an annual award of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of no less than $75,000, which will vest in quarterly
installments over a one-year period. If Mr. Martell continues to serve as Board Advisor through July 19, 2025, his outstanding restricted stock units that would otherwise vest on July 19, 2025 will vest on such date; however, his other outstanding
equity will not continue to vest during his service as a Board Advisor. In the event the Company terminates Mr. Martells employment or Board Advisor service without cause (as defined in his executive employment agreement) prior to July 19, 2025, Mr.
Martells outstanding restricted stock units that would otherwise vest on April 15, 2025, April 27, 2025 and July 19, 2025 will be accelerated on the date of such termination.

The foregoing summary of the Transition Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete terms of the Transition
Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.2 hereto, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Anthony Hsieh Executive Appointment

In addition, on March 3, 2025, the Board appointed Mr. Hsieh, who currently serves as Chair of the Board, to an executive officer position of Executive Chairman, Mortgage
Operations, of the Company, effective as of March 6, 2025.

Mr. Hsieh, 60, founded loanDepot and has served as Chair of the Board since February 2021. Mr. Hsieh served as Executive Chairman from April 2022 to February 2023 and as
CEO of loanDepot from February 2021 to April 2022 and as the Chair and CEO of the Companys affiliate, loanDepot.com, LLC, between December 2009 (when the business was formed) until April 2022. Mr. Hsieh has more than 30 years of experience in the
lending industry. Prior to starting loanDepot, in 2002, Mr. Hsieh founded Home Loan Center, Inc., the first national online lender to offer a full spectrum of mortgage loan products featuring live interest-rate quotes and loan offerings tailored to
borrowers needs and credit profiles. He continued to lead the business for three years after it merged with IACs subsidiary, LendingTree in 2004. In 1989, he acquired a mortgage brokerage company and transformed it into LoansDirect.com.

In connection with his appointment as Executive Chairman, Mortgage Operations, Mr. Hsieh and the Company entered into a letter agreement pursuant to which Mr. Hsieh will
receive: (i) an annual base salary of $1, (ii) a monthly expense reimbursement allowance of $75,000, and (iii) subject to Board approval, an initial grant of 1.5 million performance stock units, which will vest in equal increments on achievement of
stock price hurdles of $3, $5, and $7 based on the closing price of the Companys Class A common stock over any 30-trading day period during the two-year performance period commencing on the Effective Date, and if Mr. Hsieh is still interim CEO as of
March 1, 2026, an additional equity grant of 1.5 million performance stock units on the same terms as the initial grant. Mr. Hsieh will remain eligible to receive compensation under the Companys director compensation program, as disclosed on the
Companys proxy statement for the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders.

The foregoing summary of the letter agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete terms of the letter agreement
filed as Exhibit 10.3 hereto, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01. 

Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 6, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing Mr. Martells transition and separation and Mr. Hsiehs appointment as Executive Chairman, Mortgage
Operations, of the Company. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto.

The information being furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed to be filed for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise be subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any other document filed under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number 

Description

10.1 

A&R Cooperation Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2025, by and among loanDepot, Inc., Anthony Hsieh, The JLSSAA Trust, established September 4, 2014, JLSA, LLC, Trilogy Mortgage Holdings, Inc., Trilogy
Management Investors Six, LLC, Trilogy Management Investors Seven, LLC and Trilogy Management Investors Eight, LLC.

10.2 

Transition, Separation and Consulting Agreement and General Release of Claims by and between the Company and Frank Martell, dated March 5, 2025

10.3 

Letter Agreement by and between the Company and Anthony Hsieh, dated March 6, 2025

99.1 

Press Release dated March 6, 2025

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

loanDepot, Inc.

Date: March 6, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Gregory Smallwood

Name: 

Gregory Smallwood

Title: 

Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20044999_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

AMENDED & RESTATED SETTLEMENT AND COOPERATION AGREEMENT

This Amended & Restated Settlement and Cooperation Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 6, 2025,
by and among loanDepot, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Anthony Hsieh (Hsieh), The JLSSAA Trust, established September 4, 2014, JLSA, LLC, Trilogy Mortgage Holdings, Inc., Trilogy Management Investors Six, LLC, Trilogy
Management Investors Seven, LLC and Trilogy Management Investors Eight, LLC (collectively with Hsieh, the Hsieh Stockholders) (each of the Company, on the one hand, and the Hsieh Stockholders, collectively, a Party to this Agreement and,
collectively, the Parties).

WHEREAS, the Parties previously entered into a certain Settlement and Cooperation Agreement, effective as of April 4, 2023 (the
Prior Agreement), which Prior Agreement terminated pursuant to Section 13 thereof, except for the provisions of Section 13
through Section 19 thereof, which survived the termination of the Prior Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Prior Agreement provided for a Standstill Period (as defined in Section

8 thereof) that expired on February 6, 2025 (the date that is thirty (30) days prior to the deadline for the submission of stockholder nominations for directors for the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders of the Company (the 2025
Annual Meeting), which, pursuant to the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws, is the close of business on March 8, 2025);

WHEREAS, Hsieh and the Company have engaged in various discussions and communications concerning the Board of Directors of the
Company (the Board), management of the Company and the Companys performance; and

WHEREAS, the Company and Hsieh have determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to amend and
restate the Prior Agreement in order to confirm and update certain matters relating to Board composition and succession planning.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1.2025 ANNUAL MEETING. On March 2, 2025, the Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board (the Committee) recommended, and the Board determined on March 3, 2025, subject to the
execution of this Agreement, to re-nominate (i) Dawn Lepore and (ii) John Lee as Class I directors (together, Class I Nominees) whose terms expire at the 2025 Annual Meeting for re-election at the 2025 Annual Meeting for a three-year term
expiring at the Companys 2028 annual meeting of stockholders. As a result, Frank Martells term as a Class I director shall expire at the 2025 Annual Meeting, at which time he shall step down from the Board, and the size of the Board will be
decreased from eight (8) to seven (7) directors as of such time. In addition, on March 3, 2025, subject to the execution of this Agreement, the Board agreed to appoint Nikul Patel as an advisor to the Board (the Board Advisor), effective as of
such date as agreed upon between the Board and the Boad Advisor and with such compensation as approved by the Board. The Board Advisor shall advise the Board and the executive team and shall be expected to attend the Board meetings (excluding
executive sessions) and committee meetings when invited but, for the avoidance of any doubt, will not have any voting rights and will not count for purposes of quorum. The Company shall recommend, support and solicit proxies for the election of the
Class I Nominees, in the same manner as it recommends, supports, and solicits proxies for the election of the Boards director nominees in Board elections generally. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to hold the 2025 Annual Meeting
no later than June 4, 2025. Following the 2025 Annual Meeting, the Board size shall continue to be fixed at seven (7) individuals, unless the Board determines otherwise (by vote of majority of the entire Board); provided, however, that if the Board elects a successor Chief Executive Officer, and subject to applicable approval by the affirmative vote of a majority of
the entire Board, the new Chief Executive Officer shall be added to the Board increasing the Board size to eight (8).

2.WAIVER. For the avoidance of doubt, provided that this Agreement has not been terminated in accordance with Section 10 below, the Hsieh Stockholders hereby waive any limitation on, or requirements relating to, the size of the Board set forth in that Amended and Restated Stockholders
Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2022, by and among the Company, the Hsieh Stockholders, Parthenon Investors III, L.P., PCap Associates, Parthenon Capital Partners Fund, L.P., Parthenon Investors IV, L.P., Parthenon Capital Partners Fund II, L.P.
and PCP Managers, L.P. (the A&R Stockholders Agreement), but only to the extent necessary to permit the Board to take the actions contemplated by Section 1 of this
Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, absent the express written consent of the applicable Hsieh Stockholder, the Hsieh Stockholders shall not be deemed to have waived any other rights under the A&R Stockholders Agreement.

3.VOTING. Provided that this Agreement has not been terminated, the Hsieh Stockholders agree that at the 2025 Annual Meeting, and
at each special meeting of the Companys stockholders relating to the election or removal of directors, if any, held prior to the expiration of the Standstill Period, the Hsieh Stockholders will (i) be present, in person or by proxy, for quorum
purposes and (ii) vote or cause to be voted all of the shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock beneficially owned, or deemed beneficially owned (as determined under Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) as of the record date for each such meeting, by any of the Hsieh Stockholders at such meeting (A) in favor of the slate of directors nominated by the Board as provided in Section 1 herein, and (B) against the removal of any member of the Board unless such removal has been recommended by the Board (by vote of a majority of the entire Board, including at
least one of the Hsieh Stockholders Nominees (as defined in the A&R Stockholders Agreement)). In addition, the Hsieh Stockholders agree not to grant, or enter into a binding agreement with respect to, any proxy or arrangement with respect to
voting to or with any person with respect to any securities of the Company that would restrict or prevent any Hsieh Stockholder from casting such votes in accordance with this Section

3, other than any agreements set forth on Exhibit A.

2

4.STANDSTILL.

(a)Provided that
this Agreement has not been terminated, from the date of this Agreement until thirty (30) days prior to the deadline for the submission of stockholder nominations for directors for the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders of the Company pursuant
to the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Standstill Period), each of the Hsieh Stockholders agrees that, during the Standstill Period, neither such Hsieh Stockholder nor any of its controlled Affiliates (as used in this agreement,
Affiliates shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) nor any of their respective principals, directors, executive officers, managing members, general partners, key employees or agents acting on their behalf will,
directly or indirectly, solely with respect to the removal, election or appointment of any person to, or representation of any person on, the Board:

i.make or be the proponent of any stockholder proposal or director nomination or seek any form of proxy or become a participant with a third party in any solicitation of any such proxies (including a withhold or similar campaign) or
make statements regarding how such Hsieh Stockholder intends to vote, or the reasons therefor with respect to a proposal being voted on by stockholders, or instruct or recommend to other stockholders how to vote with respect to a proposal being
voted on by stockholders or otherwise communicate pursuant to applicable securities laws or conduct, or knowingly encourage, advise or influence any person or knowingly assist any person in so encouraging, advising or influencing any person
with respect to conducting any type of referendum (other than such statement, instruction, recommendation, encouragement, advice or influence that is consistent with the Boards recommendation in connection with such matter or as otherwise
specifically permitted under this Agreement or the A&R Stockholders Agreement);

ii.deposit any securities of the Company in any voting trust or similar arrangement, or subject any securities of the Company to any arrangement or agreement with respect to the voting
thereof, other than granting proxies in solicitations approved by the Board and other than any such voting trust, arrangement or agreement solely among such Hsieh Stockholder or Affiliates of such Hsieh Stockholder and otherwise in accordance
with this Agreement or any other agreements set forth on Exhibit A; provided that any such Affiliate
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement;

iii.(a) seek, alone or in concert with others, or submit, or knowingly encourage any person or entity to seek or submit, nominations in furtherance of a contested solicitation for the election or removal of the Companys directors, (b)
call, seek to call or request that (or knowingly encourage any person to request that) the Company call, any special meeting of stockholders of the Company with regard to the election or removal of the Companys directors, (c) present, or
knowingly encourage any person to present, any matter at any meeting of stockholders of the Company with regard to the election or removal of the Companys directors or (d) act or seek to act by written consent of stockholders of the Company
with regard to the election or removal of the Companys directors;

iv.make

any public disclosure, communication, announcement or statement regarding any intent, purpose, plan, or proposal, or private disclosure, communication, announcement or statement that would reasonably be determined to trigger public disclosure
obligations for either the Company or such Hsieh Stockholder, with respect to controlling or changing the Board;

3

v.institute, solicit, assist or join, as a party, any litigation, arbitration or other proceeding against or involving the Company or any of its current or former directors or
officers (including derivative actions) in order to effect or take any of the actions expressly prohibited by this Section 4; provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt the foregoing shall not prevent
such Hsieh Stockholder or its Affiliates from (a) bringing litigation to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or the A&R Stockholders Agreement, or (b) making counterclaims with respect to any proceeding initiated by, or on behalf of,
the Company against such Hsieh Stockholder or its Affiliates;

vi.enter into any arrangements, agreements or understandings with (whether written or oral), or advise, finance (through equity, debt or otherwise) or assist any third party to take or
cause any of the actions expressly prohibited by this Section 4, or enter into any arrangement with any other person that engages in any of the actions expressly prohibited by this Section 4, or otherwise take
or knowingly cause any action or make any statements inconsistent with any of the actions expressly prohibited by this Section 4; or

vii.publicly disclose any intention, plan or arrangement inconsistent with any provision of this Section 4.

(b)Except as expressly provided for in Section 3 or this Section 4, the Hsieh Stockholders shall be entitled to (i) vote the shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, and
Class C Common Stock beneficially owned by any Hsieh Stockholder as such Hsieh Stockholder determines in its sole discretion and (ii) disclose, publicly or otherwise, how any Hsieh Stockholder intends to vote or act with respect to any
securities of the Company, any stockholder proposal or other matter to be voted on by the stockholders of the Company and the reasons therefor (in each case, subject to Section 7). Additionally, nothing in this Section 5
shall be deemed to limit (i) the exercise in good faith by Hsieh or any of the Board members fiduciary duties solely in such persons capacity as a director of the Company, (ii) Hsieh from privately introducing a potential director candidate
to the Board or the Committee thereof or discussing with the Board or the Committee thereof such potential director candidate, in each case in Hsiehs role as a director of the Company, or (iii) the rights of the Hsieh Stockholders under the
A&R Stockholders Agreement, except as provided for in Section 2.

5.REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. The Company represents and warrants to the Hsieh Stockholders that (i) the Company has the corporate power and authority to execute this
Agreement and to bind the Company hereto, (ii) this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company, constitutes a valid and binding obligation and agreement of the Company, and is enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws generally affecting the rights of creditors and subject to
general equity principles, and (iii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company does not and will not (A) violate or conflict with any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the Company or (B)
result in any breach or violation of or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could constitute such a breach, violation or default) under or pursuant to, or result in the loss of a material benefit under, or give any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any organizational document, agreement, contract, commitment, understanding or arrangement to which the
Company is a party or by which it is bound.

4

6.REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE HSIEH STOCKHOLDERS. The Hsieh Stockholders represent and warrant to the Company that (i) each of the authorized signatories of the Hsieh Stockholders
set forth on the signature pages hereto has the power and authority to execute this Agreement and to bind the Hsieh Stockholder hereto; (ii) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the Hsieh Stockholders, and is a
valid and binding obligation of such Hsieh Stockholder, enforceable against such Hsieh Stockholder in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
fraudulent conveyance or similar laws generally affecting the rights of creditors and subject to general equity principles; (iii) the execution of this Agreement, the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the fulfillment
of the terms hereof, in each case in accordance with the terms hereof, will not conflict with, or result in a breach or violation of the organizational documents of such Hsieh Stockholder as currently in effect; (iv) the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by such Hsieh Stockholder does not and will not (A) violate or conflict with any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to such Hsieh Stockholder or (B) result in any breach or violation of or
constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could constitute such a breach, violation or default) under or pursuant to, or result in the loss of a material benefit under, or give any right of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any organizational document, agreement, contract, commitment, understanding or arrangement to which such Hsieh Stockholder is a party or by which it is bound, other than the A&R Stockholders Agreement; and (v)
none of the Hsieh Stockholders has entered into any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the ability to vote any voting securities of the Company, other than the agreements set forth on Exhibit A.

7.NON-DISPARAGEMENT. Subject to applicable law, each of the Parties covenants and
agrees that, during the Standstill Period or if earlier, until such time as the other Party or any of its agents, subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors, assigns, executive officers, key employees or directors shall have breached this Section 7, neither Party nor any of its respective agents, subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors, assigns, executive officers, key employees, principals, managing members, general
partners or directors, including the directors of the Company as of the date hereof (collectively, Representatives), shall in any way publicly criticize, disparage, call into disrepute or otherwise defame or slander the other Party or such
other Partys Representatives (including any current officer or director of a Party or a Parties subsidiaries who no longer serves in such capacity following the execution of this Agreement), key employees, stockholders (solely in their capacity
as stockholders of the applicable Party) or attorneys, or any of their businesses, products or services, in any manner that would reasonably be expected to damage the business or reputation of the other Party or the businesses, products or
services of the other Party or its Representatives (including former officers and directors), key employees, stockholders (solely in their capacity as stockholders of the applicable Party) or attorneys. In addition to the other remedies
available in connection with any breach of this Agreement, nothing shall prevent either Party or its Representatives from responding without restriction to the other Partys breach of this Section
7. This Section 7 shall not (x) limit the power of any director or member of a Party to
act in good faith in accordance with his or her fiduciary duties solely in his or her capacity as a director or member of a Party or (y) restrict the ability of any person to comply with any subpoena or other legal process or to testify or
otherwise respond truthfully to a request for information from any governmental or regulatory authority with jurisdiction over the person from whom such information is sought.

5

8.PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS. This Agreement shall be subject to disclosure in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), as determined by the Company in
consultation with outside counsel. Except as otherwise permitted in this Agreement, during the Standstill Period neither the Company (including the Board and members of the Board) nor the Hsieh Stockholders will make any public statements with
respect to this Agreement or the matters covered by this Agreement (including in any filing with the SEC, any other regulatory or governmental agency, any stock exchange or in any materials that would reasonably be expected to be filed with the
SEC) that are inconsistent with, or otherwise contrary to, the statements in this Agreement, except as required by law. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Company (including the Board and members of the Board) nor the Hsieh Stockholders will
make any public statements with respect to this Agreement or the matters covered by this Agreement after the execution of this Agreement and before this Agreement is otherwise publicly disclosed in accordance with the SEC rules. The Company will
promptly prepare and file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K (the Form 8-K) reporting the entry into this Agreement. All disclosure in the Form 8-K will be consistent with this Agreement. The Company will provide Hsieh and his counsel
with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Form 8-K prior to filing, and will consider in good faith any changes proposed by Hsieh or his counsel. Hsieh will promptly prepare and file with the SEC an amendment to his Schedule 13D
(the Schedule 13D Amendment) reporting the entry into this Agreement. All disclosure in the Schedule 13D Amendment will be consistent with this Agreement. Hsieh will provide the Company and its counsel with a reasonable opportunity to review
and comment on the Schedule 13D Amendment prior to filing, and will consider in good faith any changes proposed by the Company or its counsel.

9.TERMINATION. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect until the earliest of (i) the expiration of the Standstill Period; (ii) delivery of written notice by a Party to the other
Party of a material breach of this Agreement by such other Party that is uncured by such Party within ten (10) business days after being provided written notice thereof; or (iii) such other date established by mutual written agreement of the
Parties (subject to the last sentence of Section 15 below); provided that the provisions of this Section 9 through Section 15 hereof shall survive the termination of this Agreement. No termination of this Agreement shall relieve any Party from liability for any breach of this Agreement prior to
such termination.

10.SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE. Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that irreparable injury to the other Party would occur in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached and that such injury would not be adequately compensable by the remedies available at law (including
the payment of money damages). It is accordingly agreed that the Hsieh Stockholders, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand (each a Moving Party), shall each be entitled to specific enforcement of, and injunctive relief to prevent
any violation of, the terms hereof, and each Party further agrees to waive any requirement for the security or posting of any bond in connection with such remedy, and the other Party will not take action, directly or indirectly, in opposition to
the Moving Party seeking such relief on the grounds that any other remedy or relief is available at law or in equity. This Section 10 is not the exclusive remedy for any violation of this Agreement.

6

11.SEVERABILITY. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the Parties that the
Parties would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such which may be hereafter declared invalid, void or unenforceable. In addition, the Parties agree to use their commercially
reasonable best efforts to agree upon and substitute a valid and enforceable term, provision, covenant or restriction for any of such that is held invalid, void or enforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction.

12.NOTICES

. Any notices, consents, determinations, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will
be deemed to have been delivered: (i) on the date received, if personally delivered; (ii) on the date received if delivered by email on a business day, or if not delivered on a business day, on the first business day thereafter; or (iii) two
business days after being sent by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the Party to receive the same. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company: 

loanDepot, Inc.

6561 Irvine Center Drive

Irvine, California 92618

Attention: Gregory Smallwood, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

Telephone:

Email:

With copies (which shall not constitute notice)

to: 

Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

200 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10001

Attention: Julia Lapitskaya

Telephone: (212) 351-2354

Email: jlapitskaya@gibsondunn.com

If to the Hsieh Stockholders: 

Anthony Hsieh

Telephone:

Email:

7

With copies (which shall not constitute notice)

to: 

Covington & Burling LLP

One CityCenter

850 Tenth Street, NW

Washington, DC 20001

Attention: Frank M. Conner III

Telephone: (202) 662-5986

Email: rconner@cov.com

Attention: Charlotte May

Telephone: (202) 662-5732

Email: cmay@cov.com

13.APPLICABLE LAW. This Agreement is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. Each of the Parties (a) irrevocably and unconditionally consents
to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and any appellate court thereof (or, if, and only if, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall not have subject matter jurisdiction, any
state or federal courts located in the State of Delaware and any appellate court thereof); (b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court; (c) agrees that it
will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or otherwise in any court other than the such courts; and (d) waives any claim of improper venue or any claim that those courts are an inconvenient forum. The Parties agree that mailing of
process or other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided in Section 12 hereof or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable law,
will be valid and sufficient service thereof.

14.COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been
signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Party (including by means of electronic delivery). For the avoidance of doubt, neither Party shall be bound by any contractual obligation to the other Party (including by means of any oral
agreement) until all counterparts to this Agreement have been duly executed by each of the parties and delivered to the other Party (including by means of electronic delivery). For purposes of this letter agreement, facsimile and pdf signatures
shall be deemed originals.

15.ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT AND WAIVER; SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement (including its exhibits) and the A&R Stockholders Agreement contain the entire understanding of the
Parties with respect to the subject matter herein and therein. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings between the Parties other than those expressly set forth herein and therein. No
modifications of this Agreement can be made except in writing signed by an authorized representative of each of the Parties. No failure on the part of any Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of such right, power or remedy by such Party preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. All remedies hereunder are
cumulative and are not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Parties and their respective successors, heirs, executors,
legal representatives, and permitted assigns. No Party shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without, with respect to the Hsieh Stockholders, the prior written consent of the Company, and with respect to the Company,
the prior written consent of the Hsieh. This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the Parties and is not enforceable by any other persons or entities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment or modification pursuant to this Section 15 or
termination pursuant to clause (iii) of Section 9 above shall be subject to prior approval by the majority of the entire Board, including at least one of the Nominees of the Hsieh Stockholders and one of the Nominees of the Parthenon Stockholders
(in each case, as defined in the A&R Stockholders Agreement).

* * *

[Signature Pages to Follow]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the duly authorized signatories of the Parties as of
the date first written above.

LOANDEPOT, INC.

By: /s/ Gregg Smallwood

Name: Gregg Smallwood

Title: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary

[Signature Page to the Amended and Restated Settlement and Cooperation Agreement]

THE JLSSAA TRUST, ESTABLISHED SEPTEMBER 4, 2014

By: 

/s/ Anthony Hsieh

Name: 

Anthony Hsieh

Its: 

Trustee

JLSA, LLC

By: 

/s/ Anthony Hsieh

Name: 

Anthony Hsieh

Its: 

Trustee

TRILOGY MORTGAGE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Anthony Hsieh

Name: 

Anthony Hsieh

Its: 

Manager

TRILOGY MANAGEMENT INVESTORS SIX, LLC

By: 

/s/ Anthony Hsieh

Name: 

Anthony Hsieh

Its: 

Manager

TRILOGY MANAGEMENT INVESTORS SEVEN, LLC

By: 

/s/ Anthony Hsieh

Name: 

Anthony Hsieh

Its: 

Manager

[Signature Page to the Amended and Restated Settlement and Cooperation Agreement]

TRILOGY MANAGEMENT INVESTORS EIGHT, LLC

By: 

/s/ Anthony Hsieh

Name: 

Anthony Hsieh

Its: 

Manager

/s/ Anthony Hsieh

Anthony Hsieh, as an individual

[Signature Page to the Amended and Restated Settlement and Cooperation Agreement]

Exhibit A

Hsieh Stockholders Agreements

1. 

Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated April 21, 2022, by and among loanDepot, Inc., Parthenon Investors III, L.P., PCap Associates, Parthenon Capital Partners Fund, L.P., Parthenon
Investors IV, L.P., Parthenon Capital Partners Fund II, L.P. PCP Managers, L.P., The JLSSAA, Trust established September 4, 2014, JLSA, LLC, Trilogy Mortgage Holdings, Inc., Trilogy Management Investors Six, LLC, Trilogy Management
Investors Seven, LLC and Trilogy Management Investors Eight, LLC.

2. 

Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of LD Holdings Group LLC, dated as of February 11, 2021.

3. 

Limited Liability Company Agreement of Trilogy Management Investors Six, LLC, dated as of May 17, 2015.

4. 

Limited Liability Company Agreement of Trilogy Management Investors Eight, LLC, dated as of July 8, 2016.

5. 

Limited Liability Company Agreement of Trilogy Management Investors Seven, LLC, dated as of June 5, 2020.

Exhibit A
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20044999_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

TRANSITION, SEPARATION AND ADVISORY AGREEMENT

AND GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS

ThisTRANSITION, SEPARATION AND ADVISORY AGREEMENT AND
GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS (this Agreement) is entered into by and between LOANDEPOT, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and FRANK MARTELL (Executive). Executive and the Company are each referred to herein as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS, Executive and the Company are parties to that
certain Executive Employment Agreement dated April 21, 2022 (the Employment Agreement);

WHEREAS, capitalized terms used but not defined herein have
the meanings set forth in the Employment Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Company wishes to provide Executive with certain
separation benefits, which are conditioned upon Executives execution, delivery and non-revocation of this Agreement and the Confirming Release (as defined below); and

WHEREAS, the Parties wish to resolve any and all claims that
Executive has or may have against the Company and the other Company Parties (as defined below), including any claims that Executive has or may have arising from or relating to Executives employment, or the end of Executives employment, with any
Company Party.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises set forth
herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by Executive and the Company, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1.Transition; Termination of Employment.

(a)Between
the date hereof and the earlier to occur of (x) the date of the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and (y) June 4, 2025 (the Transition Date and such period,
the Transition Period), Executive shall continue to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and shall remain a member of the Board of Directors of
the Company (the Board). During the Transition Period, Executive shall (i) continue to report directly to the Board, (ii) unless otherwise directed by the Board,
continue to perform Executives duties as required by the Employment Agreement, (iii) provide such services as reasonably required to promote the smooth transition of Executives duties and responsibilities and such other services as mutually
agreed to between the Board and Executive in writing, (iv) continue to receive Executives base salary as currently in effect, payable in accordance with the customary payroll practices of the Company, (v) continue to vest in Executives
outstanding equity awards under the loanDepot, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan), and (vi) remain eligible to participate in all health insurance, 401(k)
plans and other fringe benefit and retirement plans for which Executive qualifies and that the Company provides for senior executives, subject to the terms and conditions of such benefit plans. For the avoidance of doubt, Executive shall not be
eligible to receive Annual Equity Grants during the Transition Period.

(b)The Company
and Executive acknowledge and agree that Executives employment with the Company will end as of the Transition Date. Executives separation from employment shall constitute a voluntary resignation by Executive for Good Reason. As of the Transition
Date, Executive will no longer be employed by the Company or any other Company Party. Effective as of the Transition Date, Executive will resign (A) as an officer of the Company and its affiliates (as applicable), (B) from the Board, and (C) from
the board of managers, board of directors or similar governing body of any affiliate of the Company and any other corporation, limited liability company, or other entity in which the Company or any of its affiliates holds an equity interest or with
respect to which board or similar governing body Executive serves solely by reason of being a designee or other representative of the Company or any of its affiliates, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Transition Period is
terminated prior to the earlier to occur of the date of the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and June 4, 2025, Executives resignation from the Board will be effective as of the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. For the
avoidance of doubt, as of the Transition Date, Executive shall no longer represent the Company in any manner and shall not hold himself out as a representative of the Company.

(c)Notwithstanding

anything herein to the contrary, Executives employment with the Company may end at any time prior to the earlier to occur of the date of the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and June 4, 2025 as a result of (i) the Companys
termination of Executives employment with or without Cause, (ii) Executives resignation or (iii) Executives death or Disability. For the avoidance of doubt, if Executives employment is terminated pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence,
Executive will be entitled to receive the Severance Benefits (as defined below) in accordance with the terms of Section 2. In the event of such earlier termination of
employment, the Transition Date shall be the actual date of such termination. In the event of a termination of the Transition Period by the Company without Cause, Executives outstanding restricted stock units that would otherwise vest on April 15,
2025, April 27, 2025, and July 19, 2025 (the Subject RSUs) that are unvested as of the Transition Date shall accelerate and be fully vested as of the date of such
termination.

(d)During the
Transition Period and during the Advisory Period (as defined below), the Company shall provide Executive with an opportunity to review and provide comments to any and all communications from the Company regarding Executives transition and
separation from the Company, which comments shall be reasonably considered and implemented by the Company in good faith.

2.Separation Payments and Benefits. Provided that Executive: (x) executes this Agreement and returns a copy of this Agreement that has been executed by
Executive to the Company so that it is received by Gregg Smallwood, Chief Legal Officer, 5465 Legacy Drive, Plano, TX 75024 (email: gsmallwood@loandepot.com) no later than 5:00 pm PT on March 11, 2025; (y) as set forth in Section 11, executes and returns to the Company a copy of the Confirming Release on the Transition Date and does not revoke the Confirming Release pursuant to the terms of the Confirming
Release; and (z) remains in compliance with the other terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement (including Sections 6 and 7) and the Confirming Release, Executive shall be provided with the following separation payments and benefits (collectively, the Severance

Benefits):

(a)The Company
shall pay to Executive aggregate severance payments of $1,600,000, payable as to one-half within 60 days following the expiration of the Release Revocation Period (as defined in the Confirming Release) and one-half no later than December 15, 2025;

(b)The Company
shall pay to Executive a pro rata portion of the Annual Bonus for 2025 as determined by multiplying the amount of the Annual Bonus that would be payable for the full fiscal year based on performance at 60% of target (equal to $1,080,000) by a
fraction, the numerator of which shall be equal to the number of days during 2025 preceding the Transition Date and the denominator of which is 365 days, payable at the same time bonuses for 2025 are paid to other senior executives of the Company,
but in no event later than March 15, 2026;

2

(c)Subject to
Executives timely election of continuation coverage under COBRA, the Company shall directly pay, or reimburse Executive for, the premiums for Executive and Executives covered dependents to maintain continued health coverage pursuant to the
provisions of COBRA (the monthly amount of such premiums, the Monthly COBRA Amount) through the earlier of (A) the 24-month anniversary of the date of Executives
termination of employment and (B) the date Executive and Executives covered dependents, if any, become eligible for healthcare coverage under another employers plan(s) (such period, the COBRA Period); provided, however, that if the Company is otherwise unable to continue to cover Executive under its group health plans without penalty under applicable law (including without limitation, Section 2716 of the
Public Health Service Act), then, an amount equal to the Monthly COBRA Amount shall thereafter be paid to Executive on a monthly basis over the remainder of the COBRA Period;

(d)The Initial
PSU Award and all other outstanding performance stock unit awards held as of the Transition Date, a schedule of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A, shall accelerate
based on actual performance measured to the date of termination, with a 30-day post-termination window during which achievement of the applicable performance goals will still qualify; and

(e)Executives
vested but unexercised options will remain exercisable until the earlier of (i) one year following the Transition Date or (ii) the expiration date of the option.

Executive acknowledges and agrees that the consideration referenced in this Section 2
represents the entirety of the amounts Executive is eligible to receive as severance pay and benefits from the Company or any other Company Party. Executive further acknowledges that as of the Transition Date, all outstanding equity awards which
remain unvested after giving effect to Section 2(d) (other than the Subject RSUs) shall be forfeited upon the Transition Date for no consideration, and Executive shall have
no rights with respect thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding the Services (as defined below) and except as specifically provided in Section 5(d) with respect
to the Subject RSUs, the Transition Date shall be a Termination (as defined in the 2021 Plan).

3.Release of Liability for Claims.

(a)For good
and valuable consideration, including the Severance Benefits (and any portion thereof), Executive knowingly and voluntarily (for Executive, Executives family, and Executives heirs, executors, administrators and assigns) hereby releases and
forever discharges the Company and its affiliates, predecessors, successors, subsidiaries and benefit plans, and the foregoing entities respective equity-holders, officers, directors, managers, members, partners, Executives, agents,
representatives, and other affiliated persons, and the Companys and its affiliates benefit plans (and the fiduciaries and trustees of such plans) (collectively, the Company
Parties), from liability for, and Executive hereby waives, any and all claims, damages, or causes of action of any kind related to Executives ownership of any interest in any Company Party, Executives employment with any Company
Party, the termination of such employment, and any other acts or omissions related to such matters occurring on or prior to the date that Executive executes this Agreement, including (i) any alleged violation through such time of: (A) any federal,
state or local anti-discrimination, anti-harassment or anti-retaliation law, regulation or ordinance, including the Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States
Code and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended; (B) the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA); (C) the Immigration Reform Control
Act; (D) the National Labor Relations Act; (E) the Occupational Safety and Health Act; (F) the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; (G) the California Pregnancy Disability Leave law, the California Family Rights Act, the Healthy Workplace Healthy
Family Act of 2014, the California Labor Code, the Private Attorneys General Act (Labor Code 2698 et seq.), any Wage Orders issued by the California Industrial Welfare Commission and the California Business and Professionals Code; (H) any
federal, state or local wage and hour law; (I) any other local, state or federal law, regulation or ordinance; or (J) any public policy, contract, tort, or common law claim; (ii) any and all rights, benefits or claims Executive may have under any
employment contract, incentive compensation plan or equity-based plan with any Company Party or to any ownership interest in any Company Party (including the Employment Agreement and the 2021 Plan); (iii) any claim for compensation or benefits of
any kind not expressly set forth in this Agreement; and (iv) any allegation for costs, fees, or other expenses including attorneys fees incurred in or with respect to any of the foregoing (collectively, the Released Claims). This Agreement is not intended to indicate that any such claims exist or that, if they do exist, they are meritorious. Rather, Executive is simply agreeing that, in exchange for
any consideration received by Executive pursuant to Section 2, any and all potential claims of this nature that Executive may have against the Company Parties, regardless
of whether they actually exist, are expressly settled, compromised and waived. THIS RELEASE INCLUDES MATTERS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE SOLE OR PARTIAL NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER
GROSS OR SIMPLE) OR OTHER FAULT, INCLUDING STRICT LIABILITY, OF ANY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES.

3

(b)Section
1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California (Section 1542) provides:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER
FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.

Executive waives all rights under Section 1542 or any other law or statute of similar effect in any jurisdiction with respect to the Released
Claims. Executive acknowledges that Executive understands the significance and specifically assumes the risk regarding the consequences of such release and such specific waiver of Section 1542.

(c)For the
avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement releases Executives rights to receive payments or benefits pursuant to Sections 1 or 2. Further, in no event shall the Released Claims include (i) any claim that arises after the date that Executive signs this Agreement; (ii) any claim to unemployment benefits, workers compensation
or vested benefits under an employee benefit plan that is subject to ERISA; (iii) any claim for breach of, or otherwise arising out of, this Agreement; (iv) any claim that relates to any rights of indemnification afforded Executive by statute,
common law or contract, including any insurance coverage maintained by or on behalf of the Company; or (v) Executives right to file and pursue a civil action or complaint under the California Fair Employment and Housing Act. Further
notwithstanding this release of liability, nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from filing any non-legally waivable claim (including a challenge to the validity of this Agreement) with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) or comparable state or local agency or participating in (or cooperating with) any investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC or comparable state or local agency
or cooperating in any such investigation or proceeding; however, Executive understands and agrees that Executive is waiving any and all rights to recover any monetary or personal relief from a Company Party as a result of such EEOC or comparable
state or local agency or proceeding or subsequent legal actions. Further, nothing in this Agreement prohibits or restricts Executive from (A) filing a charge or complaint with, or cooperating in any investigation with, the Securities and Exchange
Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or any other governmental agency, entity or authority (each, a Government Agency), (B) reporting violations of
U.S. federal or state laws or regulations to a Government Agency, (C) making disclosures that are protected under U.S. federal and state whistleblower laws and regulations or (D) accepting any monetary reward in connection therewith. Nothing herein
shall prevent Executive from discussing or disclosing information regarding unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment, discrimination or any other conduct that Executive has reason to believe is unlawful.

4

4.Representations and Warranties Regarding Claims. Executive represents and warrants that, as of the time at which Executive signs this Agreement, Executive
has not filed or joined any claims, complaints, charges, or lawsuits against any of the Company Parties with any governmental agency or with any state or federal court or arbitrator for, or with respect to, a matter, claim, or incident that
occurred or arose out of one or more occurrences that took place on or prior to the time at which Executive signs this Agreement (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any whistleblower complaints protected under applicable law), and Executive is
not aware of any violation of any law, rule or regulation or any other misconduct by the Company or any of its officers or employees. Executive further represents and warrants that Executive has not made any assignment, sale, delivery, transfer or
conveyance of any rights Executive has asserted or may have against any of the Company Parties with respect to any Released Claim.

5.Advisory Services.

(a)Beginning on
the Transition Date and continuing until a permanent Chief Executive Officer is appointed (such period, the Advisory Period), the Company and Executive agree that
Executive shall serve as a consultant to the Company as a Board Advisor. During the Advisory Period, Executive will advise the Board and the executive team, and Executive will be expected to attend Board meetings (excluding executive sessions) and
committee meetings when invited but, for the avoidance of any doubt, will not have any voting rights and will not count for purposes of quorum (the Services). During the
Advisory Period, it is expected that the Services will be no more than 20% of the average level of services provided by Executive during the immediately preceding 36-month period, such that Executive incurs a separation from service for purposes
of Section 409A of the Code on the Transition Date.

(b)During the
Advisory Period, Executive shall receive (i) annualized consulting fees of $75,000, payable on a quarterly basis and pro-rated for any partial calendar quarter (the Board Advisor
Fee) and (ii) an annual grant of restricted stock units having a grant date fair value of no less than $75,000, which shall be granted at the same time as annual equity awards are granted to members of the Board and shall vest in
equal quarterly installments at such time as annual equity awards granted to members of the Board vest, subject to Executives continued services as a Board Advisor through each such vesting date. As an independent contractor, no income or other
taxes shall be withheld from the amounts paid to Executive pursuant to this Section 5(b).

(c)During the
Advisory Period, Executives relationship with the Company shall be that of an independent contractor. Executive shall control and determine how the Services are to be accomplished; provided, however, that in all events Executive shall perform the
Services within reasonable deadlines established by the Company and consistent with the professional talent of Executive that Executive applied during Executives prior service with the Company. As an independent contractor, Executive shall not
participate as an active employee in any employee benefit plan of the Company or an affiliate.

(d)Notwithstanding

any other provision of this Section 5 to the contrary, the Advisory Period may be terminated at any time (i) by the Company with or without Cause, (ii) Executives
resignation or (iii) as a result of Executives death or Disability. Upon the termination of the Advisory Period for any reason, Executive shall be entitled to any accrued and unpaid portion of the Board Advisor Fee, and if the Advisory Period is
terminated by the Company without Cause, the Subject RSUs that are unvested as of such date shall accelerate and will be fully vested as of the date of such termination. For the avoidance of doubt, the termination of the Advisory Period for any
reason shall have no impact on Executives entitlement to the Severance Benefits set forth in Section 2.

5

6.Covenants. The Parties acknowledge and agree that Executive has certain continuing obligations to the Company and its affiliates pursuant to the Employment
Agreement regarding proprietary information, confidentiality, non-disparagement, and non-interference and the Company has continuing obligations to Executive pursuant to the Employment Agreement regarding non-disparagement (collectively, the Covenants). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the non-interference provision contained in Article VII of the Employment Agreement shall be limited to the solicitation of the
Companys officers or employees and reduced to the 12-month period following the Transition Date. For the avoidance of doubt, Executives obligations pursuant to Section 6.2 of the Employment Agreement shall cease as of the Transition Date. In
entering into this Agreement, the Parties acknowledge the continued effectiveness and enforceability of the Covenants, and the Parties expressly reaffirm their commitment to abide by, and agrees that the Parties will abide by, the terms of the
Covenants.

7.Defense of Claims; Cooperation. Upon reasonable request from the Company, Executive shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company
and its affiliates in the defense of any claims or actions made by or against the Company or any of its affiliates that relate to Executives actual or prior areas of responsibility or knowledge. Executive shall further use commercially reasonable
efforts to provide reasonable and timely cooperation in connection with any actual or threatened claim, action, inquiry, review, investigation, process, or other matter by or before any court, arbitrator, regulatory, or governmental entity, and by
or on behalf of the Company or any of its affiliates, that relates to Executives actual or prior areas of responsibility or knowledge. Executive will be reimbursed by the Company for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Executive in
connection with fulfilling Executives obligations under this Section 7.

8.Legal Fees. The Company shall pay directly Executives reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred in the evaluation, preparation and negotiation of this
Agreement, not to exceed $25,000 in the aggregate; provided that Executive or Executives attorney(s) present the Company with a written invoice stating the amount of such legal fees and expenses, payable within 30 days of submission of such
written invoice (and in no event later than March 15, 2026).

9.Indemnification; D&O Insurance. Through the later of the Transition Date or the date on which Executive is no longer a member of the Board, Executive
shall continue to be indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law as provided in Section 2.6 of the Employment Agreement and in accordance with the Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement between the Company
and Executive (the Indemnification Agreement) and shall continue to be covered by directors and officers liability insurance. For the six-year period following the later
of the Transition Date or the date on which Executive is no longer a member of the Board), the Company will maintain directors and officers liability insurance coverage with respect to all services provided by Executive to the Company during
Executives employment with the Company.

10.Executives Acknowledgements. By executing and delivering this Agreement, Executive expressly acknowledges that:

(a)Executive
has been given sufficient time to review and consider this Agreement. If Executive signs this Agreement before the expiration date set forth in Section 2, Executive has
knowingly and voluntarily waived any longer consideration period than the one provided to Executive and such earlier signature was not induced by the Company through fraud, misrepresentation or a threat to withdraw or alter this Agreement prior to
such expiration.

(b)Executive
is receiving, pursuant to this Agreement, consideration in addition to anything of value to which Executive is already entitled;

6

(c)Executive
has been advised, and hereby is advised in writing, to discuss this Agreement with an attorney of Executives choice and that Executive has had an adequate opportunity to do so prior to executing this Agreement;

(d)Executive
fully understands the final and binding effect of this Agreement; the only promises made to Executive to sign this Agreement are those stated herein; Executive is signing this Agreement knowingly, voluntarily and of Executives own free will with
the full intent of releasing the Company Parties of all claims; Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive has carefully read this Agreement; and that Executive understands and agrees to each of the terms of this Agreement;

(e)The only
matters relied upon by Executive in causing Executive to sign this Agreement are the provisions set forth in writing within the four corners of this Agreement and the applicable provisions of the Employment Agreement; and

(f)No Company
Party has provided any tax or legal advice regarding this Agreement, and Executive has had an adequate opportunity to receive sufficient tax and legal advice from advisors of Executives own choosing such that Executive enters into this Agreement
with full understanding of the tax and legal implications thereof.

11.Reaffirmation of Release. On the Transition Date, Executive shall execute the Confirming Release Agreement that is attached as Exhibit B (the Confirming Release), and return Executives executed Confirming Release to the Company so that it
is received by Gregg Smallwood, Chief Legal Officer, 5465 Legacy Drive, Plano, TX 75024 (email: gsmallwood@loandepot.com) by 11:59 pm PT on the Transition Date.

12.Choice of Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement will be governed by the law of the State of
California without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof. With respect to any claim or dispute related to or arising under this Agreement, the Parties hereby consent to the arbitration provisions of Section 8.14 of the Employment
Agreement, which are incorporated herein by reference, and recognize and agree that should any resort to a court be necessary and permitted under this Agreement, then the Parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction, forum and venue of the state
and federal courts (as applicable) located in California.

13.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, any one of which need not contain signatures of more than one Party, but all of
which taken together will constitute one and the same Agreement.

14.Amendment; Entire Agreement. This Agreement may not be changed orally but only by an agreement in writing agreed to and signed by the Party to be charged.
This Agreement, the Indemnification Agreement, the Covenants and, if executed, the Confirming Release, constitute the entire agreement of the Parties with regard to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements
and understandings, oral or written, between Executive and any Company Party with regard to the subject matter hereof.

15.Third-Party Beneficiaries. Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that any affiliate of the Company that is not a party to this Agreement shall be a
third-party beneficiary of Sections3, 6, and 7 and, if executed, the Confirming Release, and entitled to enforce such provisions as if it were a party hereto.

7

16.Further Assurances. Executive shall, and shall cause Executives affiliates, representatives and agents to, from time to time at the request of the Company
and without any additional consideration, furnish the Company with such further information or assurances, execute and deliver such additional documents, instruments and conveyances, and take such other actions and do such other things, as may be
reasonably necessary or desirable, as determined in the sole discretion of the Company, to carry out the provisions of this Agreement.

17.Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement (or part thereof) that renders such term or provision (or part thereof) or any other term or
provision (or part thereof) hereof invalid or unenforceable in any respect shall be severable and shall be modified or severed to the extent necessary to avoid rendering such term or provision (or part thereof) invalid or unenforceable, and such
modification or severance shall be accomplished in the manner that most nearly preserves the benefit of the Parties bargain hereunder.

18.Interpretation. The Section headings have been inserted for purposes of convenience and shall not be used for interpretive purposes. The words hereof,
herein and hereunder and other compounds of the word here shall refer to the entire Agreement and not to any particular provision hereof. The use herein of the word including following any general statement, term or matter shall not be
construed to limit such statement, term or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting language (such as without limitation, but not limited to,
or words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term or matter. The word or as
used herein is not exclusive and is deemed to have the meaning and/or. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references herein to a law, agreement, instrument or other document shall be deemed to refer to such law, agreement, instrument or
other document as amended, supplemented, modified and restated from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof. Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed against any Party, whether under
any rule of construction or otherwise. This Agreement has been reviewed by each of the Parties and shall be construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and intentions of the
Parties.

19.No Assignment. No right to receive payments and benefits under this Agreement shall be subject to set off, offset, anticipation, commutation, alienation,
assignment, encumbrance, charge, pledge or hypothecation or to execution, attachment, levy, or similar process or assignment by operation of law.

20.Withholdings; Deductions. The Company may withhold and deduct from any payments or benefits made or to be made pursuant to this Agreement (a) all federal,
state, local and other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling and (b) any deductions consented to in writing by Executive.

21.Section 409A. This Agreement and the benefits provided hereunder are intended be exempt from, or compliant with, the requirements of Section 409A and shall
be construed and administered in accordance with such intent. Each installment payment under this Agreement shall be deemed and treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no
representations that the benefits provided under this Agreement are exempt from the requirements of Section 409A and in no event shall the Company or any other Company Party be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or
other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A.

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as
of the dates set forth beneath their names below, effective for all purposes as provided above.

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Frank Martell 

Frank Martell

Date: 

March 5, 2025 

LOANDEPOT, INC.

By: 

/s/ Gregory Smallwood 

Name: 

Gregory Smallwood 

Title: 

Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary 

Date: 

March 5, 2025 

Signature Page to

Transition, Separation and Advisory Agreement

and General Release of Claims

EXHIBIT A

Schedule of Outstanding Performance Awards

Grant 

Date 

Performance 

Period 

Target # of PSUs 

Performance Goal

May 25, 2022 

May 25, 2022 

May 25, 2027 

3,000,000 

Based on the average closing price of Class A common stock over consecutive 30 trading day-periods

LDI Stock Price 

Vesting % of Target 

$20 

200%

$17 

175%

$14 

150%

$12 

125%

$10 

100%

$8 

75%

$6 

50%

$5 

25%

<$5 

0

July 19, 2023 

July 19, 2023 

July 19, 2028 

969,162

[25% vested in 2024 at the $3.00 threshold] 

Based on the average closing price of Class A common stock over consecutive 30 trading day-periods

LDI Stock Price 

Percentage of Target 

PSUs That Become 

Earned PSUs 

<$3.00 

0%

$3.00 

25%

$4.00 

50%

$5.00 

75%

$6.00 

100%

$7.50 

125%

$9.00 

150%

$10.50 

175%

$13.00 

200%

EXHIBIT A

Grant 

Date 

Performance 

Period 

Target # of PSUs 

Performance Goal

August 16, 2023 

July 19, 2023 

July 19, 2028 

280,000

[25% vested in 2024 at the $3.00 threshold] 

Based on the average closing price of Class A common stock over consecutive 30 trading day-periods

LDI Stock Price 

Percentage of Target 

PSUs That Become 

Earned PSUs 

<$3.00 

0%

$3.00 

25%

$4.00 

50%

$5.00 

75%

$6.00 

100%

$7.50 

125%

$9.00 

150%

$10.50 

175%

$13.00 

200%

April 15, 2024 

N/A 

936,170 

Performance achieved November 6, 2024, time-based vesting to fully accelerate on the Transition Date

A-2

EXHIBIT B

CONFIRMING RELEASE

This Confirming Release (the Confirming Release) is that certain
Confirming Release referenced in the Transition, Separation and Advisory Agreement and General Release of Claims (the Separation Agreement), entered into on March 5, 2025,
by and between loanDepot, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Frank Martell (Executive).

Unless sooner revoked by Executive pursuant to the terms of Section 5 below, Executives acceptance of this Confirming Release becomes irrevocable and this Confirming
Release becomes effective on the eighth day after Executive signs it. Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined have the meanings assigned to them in the Separation Agreement. In signing below, Executive agrees as follows:

1.Receipt of Leaves and Other Compensation. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive has been paid in full all bonuses, been provided all benefits,
and otherwise received all wages, compensation and other sums that Executive has been owed by each Company Party, except with respect to the Severance Benefits. Executive further acknowledges and agrees that Executive has received all leaves (paid
and unpaid) that Executive has been entitled to receive from each Company Party.

2.Release of Liability for Claims.

(a)For good and
valuable consideration, including the Severance Benefits, Executive knowingly and voluntarily (for Executive, Executives family, and Executives heirs, executors, administrators and assigns) hereby releases and forever discharges the Company
Parties from liability for, and Executive hereby waives, any and all claims, damages, or causes of action of any kind related to Executives ownership of any interest in any Company Party, Executives employment with any Company Party, the
termination of such employment, and any other acts or omissions related to such matters occurring on or prior to the date that Executive executes this Confirming Release, including (i) any alleged violation through such time of: (A) any federal,
state or local anti-discrimination, anti-harassment or anti-retaliation law, regulation or ordinance, including the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (including as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act), Title VII of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States Code and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended; (B) ERISA; (C) the Immigration Reform Control Act; (D) the
National Labor Relations Act; (E) the Occupational Safety and Health Act; (F) the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; (G) Californias Fair Employment and Housing Act, the California Pregnancy Disability Leave law, the California Family Rights
Act, the Healthy Workplace Healthy Family Act of 2014, the California Labor Code, the Private Attorneys General Act (Labor Code 2698 et seq.), any Wage Orders issued by the California Industrial Welfare Commission and the California Business and
Professionals Code; (H) any federal, state or local wage and hour law; (I) any other local, state or federal law, regulation or ordinance; or (J) any public policy, contract, tort, or common law claim; (ii) any and all rights, benefits or claims
Executive may have under any employment contract, incentive compensation plan or equity-based plan with any Company Party or to any ownership interest in any Company Party (including the Employment Agreement and the 2021 Plan); (iii) any claim for
compensation or benefits of any kind not expressly set forth in this Confirming Release; and (iv) any allegation for costs, fees, or other expenses including attorneys fees incurred in or with respect to any of the foregoing (collectively, the Further Released Claims). This Confirming Release is not intended to indicate that any such claims exist or that, if they do exist, they are meritorious. Rather, Executive is
simply agreeing that, in exchange for any consideration received by Executive pursuant to Section 2, any and all potential claims of this nature that Executive may have
against the Company Parties, regardless of whether they actually exist, are expressly settled, compromised and waived. THIS RELEASE INCLUDES MATTERS ATTRIBUTABLE TO
THE SOLE OR PARTIAL NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER GROSS OR SIMPLE) OR OTHER FAULT, INCLUDING STRICT LIABILITY, OF ANY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES.

EXHIBIT B

(b)Section
1542 provides:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER
FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.

Executive waives all rights under Section 1542 or any other law or statute of similar effect in any jurisdiction with respect to the Further
Released Claims. Executive acknowledges that Executive understands the significance and specifically assumes the risk regarding the consequences of such release and such specific waiver of Section 1542.

(c)For the
avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Confirming Release releases Executives rights to receive payments or benefits pursuant to Section 2 of the Separation Agreement. Further, in no event shall the Further Released Claims include (i) any claim that
arises after the date that Executive signs this Agreement; (ii) any claim to unemployment benefits, workers compensation or vested benefits under an employee benefit plan that is subject to ERISA; (iii) any claim for breach of, or otherwise
arising out of, this Agreement; and (iv) any claim that relates to any rights of indemnification afforded Executive by statute, common law or contract, including any insurance coverage maintained by or on behalf of the Company. Further
notwithstanding this release of liability, nothing in this Confirming Release prevents Executive from filing any non-legally waivable claim (including a challenge to the validity of this Confirming Release) with the EEOC or comparable state or
local agency or participating in (or cooperating with) any investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC or comparable state or local agency or cooperating in any such investigation or proceeding; however, Executive understands and agrees that
Executive is waiving any and all rights to recover any monetary or personal relief from a Company Party as a result of such EEOC or comparable state or local agency or proceeding or subsequent legal actions. Further, nothing in this Confirming
Release prohibits or restricts Executive from (A) filing a charge or complaint with, or cooperating in any investigation with, any Government Agency, (B) reporting violations of U.S. federal or state laws or regulations to a Government Agency, (C)
making disclosures that are protected under U.S. federal and state whistleblower laws and regulations or (D) accepting any monetary reward in connection therewith. Nothing herein shall prevent Executive from discussing or disclosing information
regarding unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment, discrimination or any other conduct that Executive has reason to believe is unlawful.

3.Representations and Warranties Regarding Claims. Executive represents and warrants that, as of the time at which Executive signs this Confirming Release,
Executive has not filed or joined any claims, complaints, charges, or lawsuits against any of the Company Parties with any governmental agency or with any state or federal court or arbitrator for, or with respect to, a matter, claim, or incident
that occurred or arose out of one or more occurrences that took place on or prior to the time at which Executive signs this Confirming Release (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any whistleblower complaints protected under applicable law), and
Executive is not aware of any violation of any law, rule or regulation or any other misconduct by the Company or any of its officers or employees. Executive further represents and warrants that Executive has not made any assignment, sale, delivery,
transfer or conveyance of any rights Executive has asserted or may have against any of the Company Parties with respect to any Further Released Claim.

B-2

4.Executives Acknowledgements. By executing and delivering this Confirming Release, Executive expressly acknowledges that:

(a)Executive
has been given at least 21 days to review and consider this Confirming Release. If Executive signs this Confirming Release before the expiration of 21 days after Executives receipt of this Confirming Release, Executive has knowingly and
voluntarily waived any longer consideration period than the one provided to Executive and such earlier signature was not induced by the Company through fraud, misrepresentation or a threat to withdraw or alter this Confirming Release prior to the
expiration of such 21-day period. No changes (whether material or immaterial) to this Confirming Release shall restart the running of this 21-day period.

(b)Executive is
receiving, pursuant to this Confirming Release and the Separation Agreement, consideration in addition to anything of value to which Executive is already entitled;

(c)Executive
has been advised, and hereby is advised in writing, to discuss this Confirming Release with an attorney of Executives choice and that Executive has had an adequate opportunity to do so prior to executing this Confirming Release;

(d)Executive
fully understands the final and binding effect of this Confirming Release; the only promises made to Executive to sign this Confirming Release are those stated herein and in the Separation Agreement; Executive is signing this Confirming Release
knowingly, voluntarily and of Executives own free will with the full intent of releasing the Company Parties of all claims; Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive has carefully read the Separation Agreement and this Confirming Release;
and that Executive understands and agrees to each of the terms of the Separation Agreement and this Confirming Release;

(e)The only
matters relied upon by Executive in causing Executive to sign this Confirming Release are the provisions set forth in writing within the four corners of the Separation Agreement, this Confirming Release and the applicable provisions of the
Employment Agreement; and

(f)No Company
Party has provided any tax or legal advice regarding this Confirming Release, and Executive has had an adequate opportunity to receive sufficient tax and legal advice from advisors of Executives own choosing such that Executive enters into this
Confirming Release with full understanding of the tax and legal implications thereof.

5.Revocation Right. Notwithstanding the initial effectiveness of this Confirming Release, Executive may revoke the delivery (and therefore the effectiveness)
of this Confirming Release within the seven-day period beginning on the date Executive executes this Confirming Release (such seven-day period being referred to herein as the Release

Revocation Period). To be effective, such revocation must be in writing signed by Executive and must be delivered personally or by courier to the Company so that it is received by Gregg Smallwood, Chief Legal Officer, 5465 Legacy
Drive, Plano, TX 75024 (email: gsmallwood@loandepot.com) no later than 11:59 pm PT on the last day of the Release Revocation Period. If an effective revocation is delivered in the foregoing manner and timeframe, this Confirming Release will be no
force or effect and Executive will not receive the Severance Benefits.

6.Return of Property. Executive represents and warrants that Executive has permanently surrendered and delivered to the Company all documents (including
electronically stored information) and all copies thereof and all other materials of any nature containing or pertaining to all Confidential Information and any other Company property (including any Company-issued computer, mobile device or other
equipment) in Executives possession, custody or control and Executive shall not retain any such documents or other materials or property of the Company or any of its affiliates.

B-3

EXECUTIVE HAS CAREFULLY READ THIS CONFIRMING RELEASE, FULLY UNDERSTANDS EXECUTIVES AGREEMENT, AND SIGNS IT AS EXECUTIVES OWN FREE ACT.

EXECUTIVE

Frank Martell

Date: 

B-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ef20044999_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

March 6, 2025

Anthony Hsieh

Re: 

Executive Chairman, Mortgage Operations and Interim CEO Agreement

Dear Anthony:

This letter agreement (this Agreement) outlines the terms of your appointment as Executive
Chairman, Mortgage Operations (Executive Chairman) of loanDepot, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),

and your potential appointment as interim Chief Executive Officer (Interim CEO) of the Company. This Agreement is effective as of March 6, 2025 (the Effective Date).

Commencing on the Effective Date, you will be employed by the Company as its Executive Chairman until the date of the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (or
such earlier date on which the Companys President and Chief Executive Officers employment with the Company terminates, the Transition Date). As Executive Chairman, you
will report to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) and have such duties as assigned to you by the Board from time to time.

On the Transition Date, unless a permanent Chief Executive Officer of the Company has been appointed, you will be employed as Executive Chairman and Interim CEO until
such time as a permanent Chief Executive Officer of the Company is appointed by the Board. The period from the Effective Date through the date a permanent Chief Executive Officer of the Company is appointed, or the date of your earlier termination of
employment, is referred to herein as the Initial Term. Following the Initial Term, your employment as Executive Chairman and as Interim CEO of the Company will terminate
and you will continue to serve as Chairman of the Board. For continuity of operations, you will continue to have access to any of your Company email accounts for one year following the Initial Term.

During the Initial Term, you will receive the following compensation and benefits:

Annual Base Salary: $1.00

Expense Allowance: $75,000 per month as an expense reimbursement allowance for use by you in reimbursing
all third party, out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by you in connection with the performance of your duties for the Company. Any unused portion of the monthly allowance will be carried over to subsequent months, and any unused portion
as of the end of the Initial Term will be forfeited (or, if sooner, as of the end of the applicable calendar year). For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to supersede any reimbursement arrangements in place
before the Initial Term.

Equity Awards: Subject to approval by the Board, you will receive an initial grant of 1,500,000
performance stock units (PSUs) covering an equal number of shares of the Companys Class A common stock, which will vest in equal increments on achievement of stock price hurdles of $3, $5, and $7 based on the closing
price of the Companys Class A common stock over any 30-trading day period during the two-year performance period commencing on the Effective Date, subject to your continued services to the Company during such performance period (which, for
the avoidance of doubt, shall include services as a member of the Board, an employee and/or a consultant). If you are serving as Interim CEO as of March 1, 2026, you will receive an additional grant of 1,500,000 PSUs on the same terms as the
initial grant.

Health Benefits: You will be eligible for Company provided health benefits in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the applicable plan as may be in effect from time to time, consistent with the benefits provided to other executive employees generally.

Director Compensation. You will continue to receive compensation for your service as a member of the
Board under the Companys director compensation policy.

The Company agrees to indemnify you to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and the Companys certificate of incorporation and bylaws for your services
rendered as an officer and director of the Company in accordance with your indemnification agreement and to maintain directors and officers liability insurance policies covering you on a basis no less favorable than provided to other directors and
senior executives, which indemnification and coverage shall continue as to you even if you have ceased to be a director, officer or employee of the Company with respect to acts or omissions which occurred prior to such cessation.

You agree that from and after the Effective Date, you will not, directly or indirectly, make, publish, or communicate any disparaging or defamatory comments regarding
the Company or any of its current or former directors, officers, or executives. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement will prohibit or restrict you from lawfully: (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with,
providing information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by, any governmental authority regarding a possible violation of any law; (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to you from
any such governmental authority; (iii) testifying, participating or otherwise assisting in any action or proceeding by any such governmental authority relating to a possible violation of law; (iv) making any other disclosures that are protected under
the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law; or (v) discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful. Nothing in
this Agreement requires you to obtain prior authorization before engaging in any conduct described in this paragraph, or to notify the Company that you have engaged in any such conduct.

At all times during the Initial Term, your employment will remain at will and may be terminated by you or the Company at any time. This Agreement may not be modified
or amended except by a written agreement, approved by the Board and signed by the Company and by you. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without reference to principles of conflict
of laws. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same Agreement.

To confirm your acceptance of the terms of this Agreement, please return a signed copy of this document.

Sincerely,

LOANDEPOT, INC.

By: 

/s/ Gregory Smallwood 

Name: Gregory Smallwood

Title: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary

Acknowledged and agreed: 

/s/ Anthony Hsieh 

Anthony Hsieh 

Date: 

March 6, 2025 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ef20044999_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

loanDepot Announces Leadership Transition

Anthony Hsieh, loanDepot Chairman of the Board, Returns to Company Executive Team in Originations Leadership Role

Hsieh Will Become Executive Chairman of Mortgage Originations; CEO Frank Martell Will Transition to Board Advisory Role in June

Search for a Successor to Martell Is Underway

IRVINE, Calif.March 6, 2025 loanDepot, Inc. (NYSE: LDI) (together with its subsidiaries, loanDepot or the Company), a leading provider of products and services that
power the homeownership journey, today announced a Board- and executive-level leadership transition. Company Founder, Chairman of the Board, and controlling shareholder Anthony Hsieh rejoins the loanDepot executive leadership team as Executive
Chairman of Mortgage Originations, while Frank Martell has stepped down from his current posts, effective at the Companys annual stockholder meeting on June 4, and will transition to a Board advisory role at that time.

The Board plans to engage an executive search firm to conduct a CEO search during Martells transition period. If a permanent CEO has not been appointed by the time
Martells resignation is effective on June 4, Hsieh will serve as interim CEO until a new CEO is appointed.

We are deeply grateful for Frank's steadfast leadership over the past three years and during this transition, said loanDepot Board member and Chair of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee Pam Patenaude. During Frank's tenure, loanDepot successfully implemented the Vision 2025 strategic plan which stabilized the company during a turbulent mortgage market, significantly reduced costs, and made
important investments for the future. We are very fortunate that a leader of Anthony's caliber is available to help guide the Company as we search for a new CEO. He built the company from the ground up, and there is no one with more passion and
energy for loanDepot than Anthony.

A respected industry veteran and lifelong entrepreneur, Hsieh founded loanDepot in 2010 with the goal of providing a seamless mortgage experience focused on efficiency,
care and customer delight. As the architect of mello the Companys proprietary software platform Hsieh is also a proven innovator who knows how to use technology to drive originator ease, satisfaction, and competitive advantage. 

Hsieh said, We are grateful to Frank for his leadership during this pivotal time and wish him all the best. loanDepot is a special company with unique potential and I am
all in as we work together to drive a new era of growth and innovation while continuing to delight customers in everything we do.

Im ready to roll up my sleeves to do the hard work with our origination teams and Team loanDepot at large as we build upon the terrific foundation thats been set
here, continued Hsieh. By working together, challenging the status quo and innovating, we can position our beloved Company for greatness even in the face of a very protracted and challenging market cycle.

Martell added, It has been my distinct privilege to be part of Team loanDepot for the past three years and to lead the company through such an unprecedented and
challenging market cycle. I am so proud of all that we accomplished together. With the key priorities of Vision 2025 successfully completed, now is the right time to welcome a new CEO for loanDepots next chapter. I look forward to the Companys
future success as a big fan of Team loanDepot and a significant shareholder.

As previously announced, loanDepot will release its year-end and fourth quarter 2024 financial results on March 11 after market close and host a conference call and live
webcast at 5:00 p.m. ET.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release may contain forward-looking statements, which reflect loanDepots current views with respect to, among other things, our business strategies,
leadership transitions and our drive of a new era of growth and innovation. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and may contain the words outlook,
potential, believe, anticipate, expect, intend, plan, predict, estimate, project, will be, will continue, will likely result, or other similar words and phrases or future or conditional verbs such as will, may, might,
should, would, or could and the negatives of those terms. These forward-looking statements are based on current available operating, financial, economic and other information, and are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to
risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including but not limited to, the following: our ability to achieve the expected benefits of Project North Star and the success of other business initiatives; our ability to achieve
run-rate profitability; our loan production volume; our ability to maintain an operating platform and management system sufficient to conduct our business; our ability to maintain warehouse lines of credit and other sources of capital and liquidity;
impacts of cybersecurity incidents, cyberattacks, information or security breaches and technology disruptions or failures, of ours or of our third party vendors; the outcome of legal proceedings to which we are a party; our ability to reach a
definitive settlement agreement related to the Cybersecurity Incident; adverse changes in macroeconomic and U.S residential real estate and mortgage market conditions, including changes in interest rates; changing federal, state and local laws, as
well as changing regulatory enforcement policies and priorities; and other risks detailed in the Risk Factors section of loanDepot, Inc.s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q as well
as any subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Therefore, current plans, anticipated actions, and financial results, as well as the anticipated development of the industry, may differ materially from what is expressed or
forecasted in any forward-looking statement. loanDepot does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances, except as required by applicable law.

About loanDepot:

At loanDepot (NYSE: LDI), we know home means everything. Thats why we are on a mission to support homeowners with a suite of products and services that fuel the American
Dream. Our portfolio of digital-first home purchase, home refinance and home equity lending products make homeownership more accessible, achievable, and rewarding, especially for the increasingly diverse communities of first-time homebuyers we serve.
Headquartered in Southern California with local market offices nationwide, loanDepot and its sister real estate and home services company, mellohome, are dedicated to helping customers put down roots and bring dreams to life all while building
stronger communities and a better tomorrow.

2

LDI-IR

Investor Contact:

Gerhard Erdelji

Senior Vice President, Investor Relations

(949) 822-4074

gerdelji@loandepot.com

Media Contact:

Rebecca Anderson

Senior Vice President, Strategic Communications and Public Relations

(949) 822-4024

rebeccaanderson@loandepot.com

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ldi-20250303.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ldi-20250303_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ldi-20250303_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>image0.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40003

Entity Registrant Name loanDepot, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001831631

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-3948939

Entity Address, Address Line One 6561 Irvine Center Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Irvine

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92618

City Area Code 888

Local Phone Number 337-6888

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value

Trading Symbol LDI

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://loandepot.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ef20044999_8k.htm 
ldi-20250303.xsd 
ldi-20250303_lab.xml 
ldi-20250303_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-007425-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ef20044999_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001831631 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

false 
0001831631 
8-K 
2025-03-03 
loanDepot, Inc. 
DE 
001-40003 
85-3948939 
6561 Irvine Center Drive 
Irvine 
CA 
92618 
888 
337-6888 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value 
LDI 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>