<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-008399.txt : 20250130
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-008399.hdr.sgml : 20250130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250130163008
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-008399
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250124
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hall of Fame Resort & Entertainment Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001708176
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				843235695
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38363
		FILM NUMBER:		25574159

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2626 FULTON DRIVE NW
		CITY:			CANTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44718
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(412) 960-4687

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2626 FULTON DRIVE NW
		CITY:			CANTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44718

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gordon Pointe Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gordon Pointe Acqusition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170601
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0229234-8k_halloffame.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000170817600017081762025-01-242025-01-240001708176HOFV:CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember2025-01-242025-01-240001708176HOFV:WarrantsToPurchase0.064578SharesOfCommonStockMember2025-01-242025-01-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 24, 2025

HALL OF FAME RESORT & ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38363 84-3235695

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

2014 Champions Gateway, Suite 100

Canton, OH44708

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (330) 458-9176

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share HOFV Nasdaq Capital Market

Warrants to purchase 0.064578 shares of Common Stock HOFVW Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 24, 2025, Hall of Fame Resort &
Entertainment Company, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and its subsidiaries HOF Village Newco, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (Newco), HOF Village Retail I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Retail I), and
HOF Village Retail II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Retail II, and collectively with the Company, Newco, Retail
I Borrowers), entered into a Second Amendment to Note and Security Agreement (Second Amendment), with CH Capital
Lending, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Lender or CHCL). CHCL is an affiliate of Stuart Lichter,
a director of the Company.

Pursuant to the Second Amendment, which
modifies the previously disclosed Note and Security Agreement, dated November 14, 2024, as amended by the First Amendment, dated
January 10, 2025, the parties agreed to: (i) modify the definition of Facility Amount in Section 1 of the original
note to increase such amount from $2,000,000 to $4,150,000, which allows Borrowers to request up to an additional $2,150,000 loan
for general corporate purposes, subject to certain restrictions; and (ii) amend the definition of Maturity Date to
mean the earliest to occur of (a) closing of the proposal to take the Company private; (b) the termination date, as defined in any
definitive agreement and plan of merger entered in connection with a take private transaction, if applicable; or (c) the occurrence of certain
events of default under the original instrument. As part of the agreement, Borrowers agree to establish a springing deposit account
control agreement (the DACA) for a control account to hold cash collateral. Borrowers may use funds in the control
account for ordinary business purposes, subject to the terms of the DACA.

Borrowers agreed to grant additional security
to Lender to include the equity interests of any Borrower in HOF Village Retail I, LLC and HOF Village Retail II, LLC; all net income
earned by Borrowers from the operation of the Gridiron Gastropub restaurant; and all rights of any Borrower, including any revenue received
by any Borrower, under certain sponsorship agreements.

The foregoing description of the Second Amendment
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Second Amendment, attached hereto as Exhibit
10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, the original Note and Security Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and the First Amendment
to Note and Security Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2.

Item 2.03 - Creation
of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth
above under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Document

10.1 Note & Security Agreement, dated November 14, 2024, between Hall of Fame Resort & Entertainment Company, HOF Village Newco, LLC, HOF Village Retail I, LLC and HOF Village Retail II, LLC, as borrowers and CH Capital Lending, LLC, as lender

10.2 First Amendment to Note & Security Agreement, dated January 10, 2025, between Hall of Fame Resort & Entertainment Company, HOF Village Newco, LLC, HOF Village Retail I, LLC and HOF Village Retail II, LLC, as borrowers and CH Capital Lending, LLC, as lender

10.3 Second Amendment to Note & Security Agreement, dated January 24, 2025, between Hall of Fame Resort & Entertainment Company, HOF Village Newco, LLC, HOF Village Retail I, LLC and HOF Village Retail II, LLC, as borrowers and CH Capital Lending, LLC, as lender

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

HALL OF FAME RESORT & ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY

By: /s/ Michael Crawford

Name: Michael Crawford

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Dated: January 30, 2025 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022923401ex10-1_hall.htm
<DESCRIPTION>NOTE & SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED NOVEMBER 14, 2024, BETWEEN HALL OF FAME RESORT & ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, HOF VILLAGE NEWCO, LLC, HOF VILLAGE RETAIL I, LLC AND HOF VILLAGE RETAIL II, LLC, AS BORROWERS AND CH CAPITAL LENDING, LLC, AS LENDER
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

NOTE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

This Note and Security Agreement
(as amended, amended and restated, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time, this Note) is made
as of November 14, 2024 (the Closing Date), among CH CAPITAL LENDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the Lender), HALL OF FAME RESORT & ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (HOFREC),
HOF Village NewCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (NewCo),
HOF Village Retail I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (HOF VR I),
HOF Village Retail II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (HOF VR II,
and collectively with HOFREC, NewCo and HOF VR I, each a Borrower and, collectively, jointly and severally,
Borrowers).

Borrowers may, from time to
time, request Loans from Lender, and the parties wish to provide for the terms and conditions upon which such Loans or other financial
accommodations, if made by Lender, shall be made.

In consideration of any Loan
(including any Loan by renewal or extension) hereafter made to Borrowers by Lender, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by Borrowers, the parties agree as follows:

1.DEFINITIONS

1.01Certain Defined Terms.Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Note, the
following terms shall have the meanings given them in this Section 1.01:

Affiliated Term
Loan Agreement means that certain Term Loan Agreement, dated December 1, 2020, among HOFREC, the other Persons (if any)
signatory thereto, and CH Capital Lending, LLC, as administrative agent, as amended, restated, supplemented and otherwise modified from
time to time.

Bankruptcy Code
means Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended.

BETR
means Instabet, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

Blocked Account
means an account established by a Borrower with a financial institution acceptable to Lender subject to a control agreement in form and
substance satisfactory to Lender.

Business Day
means any day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are required by applicable law to be open for business.

Collateral
means all of the property of any Borrower described in Section 4, together with all other real or personal property of any Borrower
or any other Person now or hereafter pledged to Lender to secure, either directly or indirectly, repayment of any of the Obligations.

Default
means any event or condition, the occurrence of which would, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, constitute an
Event of Default.

Default Period
means the period of time commencing on the day an Event of Default occurs and continuing through the date the Event of Default has been
waived (or cured to the satisfaction of Lender).

Default Rate
means an interest rate equal to 5% per annum in excess of the interest rate otherwise payable hereunder.

Facility Amount
means $2,000,000.

Interest Rate
means 12% per annum.

Loan Documents
means this Note and all other agreements, instruments and documents including guaranties, mortgages, trust deeds, pledges, powers of attorney,
consents, assignments, contracts, notices, security agreements, leases, financing statements and all other writings heretofore, now or
from time to time hereafter executed by or on behalf of a Borrower or any other Person and delivered to Lender or to any parent, affiliate
or subsidiary of Lender in connection with the Obligations or the transactions contemplated hereby, as each of the same may be amended,
modified or supplemented from time to time.

Loans
means all loans and advances made by Lender to or on behalf of any of the Borrowers hereunder.

Maturity Date
means the earliest to occur of (i) closing of the Take Private Transaction, (ii) March 31, 2025 and (iii) the occurrence of an Event of
Default under Section 6.01(g) or (h) hereunder.

Obligations
means, in each case, whether now in existence or hereafter arising: (a) the principal of and interest on (including interest accruing
after the filing of any bankruptcy or similar petition) the Loans, (b) fees, costs and expenses payable hereunder, and (c) all other
fees and commissions (including attorneys fees and expenses), charges, indebtedness, loans, liabilities, financial accommodations,
obligations, covenants and duties owing by Borrowers to Lender of every kind, nature and description, direct or indirect, primary or secondary,
absolute or contingent, due or to become due, contractual or tortious, liquidated or unliquidated, whether several, joint, or joint and
several, and whether or not evidenced by any note and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against Borrowers
any bankruptcy or similar proceeding, naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees
are allowed claims in such proceeding.

Person
means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, limited
liability company, institution, entity, party or foreign or United States government (whether federal, state, county, city, municipal
or otherwise), including any instrumentality, division, agency, body or department thereof.

Take Private
Transaction means the acquisition, through a to-be-formed affiliated entity controlled by IRG Canton Village Member, LLC
(Buyer), of all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of HOFREC that are
not held by Buyer, its affiliated entities and any potential co-investors in Buyer or its affiliates.

2

Termination Date
means the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date and (b) the date Lender accelerates the Obligations pursuant to Section 6.02.

Uniform Commercial
Code or UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York.

Visit Canton
Sponsorship Agreement means the sponsorship agreement to be negotiated among HOFREC and Visit Canton, the terms of which
shall be satisfactory to Lender in its sole discretion, pursuant to which Visit Canton will provide funds to HOFREC based on the county
lodging tax collected by Visit Canton.

1.02 Other
Definitional Terms; Rules of Interpretation. 

The words hereof,
herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Note shall refer to this Note as a whole
and not to any particular provision of this Note. All terms defined in the Uniform Commercial Code and not otherwise defined herein have
the meanings assigned to them in the Uniform Commercial Code. References to Articles, Sections, subsections, Exhibits, Schedules and the
like, are to Articles, Sections and subsections of, or Exhibits or Schedules attached to, this Note unless otherwise expressly provided.
The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without
limitation. Unless the context in which used herein otherwise clearly requires, or has the inclusive meaning represented
by the phrase and/or. Defined terms include in the singular number the plural and in the plural number the singular. Reference
to any agreement (including the Loan Documents), document or instrument means such agreement, document or instrument as amended or modified
and in effect from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof (and, if applicable, in accordance with the terms hereof and the
other Loan Documents), except where otherwise explicitly provided, and reference to any promissory note includes any promissory note which
is an extension or renewal thereof or a substitute or replacement therefor. Reference to any law, rule, regulation, order, decree, requirement,
policy, guideline, directive or interpretation means as amended, modified, codified, replaced or reenacted, in whole or in part, and in
effect on the determination date, including rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Periods of days referred to in this Note will
be counted in calendar days unless Business Days are expressly prescribed.

2.LOANS.

Subject
to the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents, Lender may from time to time in its sole discretion agree to make to Borrowers one
or more Loans in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Facility Amount. Amounts repaid may be reborrowed in the sole discretion of Lender
and otherwise subject to the terms and conditions hereof. In order to request a Loan, the SVP of finance of HOFREC will submit to Lender
a written advancement request (email being sufficient) (any such request, an Advancement Request)
that includes reasonable details regarding the following: (i) the principal amount of the requested Loan, (ii) the intended use of the
requested funds, (iii) the party(ies) to whom the funds will be paid, (iv) the intended timing of such payments, and (v) any other information
reasonably requested by Lender in connection with its evaluation of the Advancement Request. All Advancement Requests shall be delivered
by email to Richard Klein at rklein@industrialrealtygroup.com. Following receipt of an Advancement Request, Lender will have two
(2) business days to notify the Borrowers in writing (email being sufficient) if such request has been approved or denied by Lender. If
Lender approves the Advancement Request, Lender will promptly (and in any event within two (2) Business Days after such approval) disburse
the applicable funds at Lenders option to either the applicable Borrower(s) or to the recipient(s) named in such Advancement Request
in accordance with the payment instructions set forth in such Advancement Request. All Advancement Request responses by Lender shall be
delivered by email to the following individual: Eric Hess, addressed to eric.hess@HOFVillage.com. 

3

Notwithstanding
the foregoing and without limiting Lenders sole discretion to make any Loans hereunder, (a) in no event shall Lender advance more
than in the aggregate $1,250,000 of the Facility Amount in the month of November, 2024, which shall in any event consist of (i) a maximum
of $500,000 prior to the execution of the Visit Canton Sponsorship Agreement and, (ii) following execution of the Visit Canton Sponsorship
Agreement, an additional amount of up to $500,000 unless HOFREC is required to make payment in respect of a fairness opinion, in which
case, such additional amount following execution of the Visit Canton Sponsorship Agreement may be up to $750,000 (such additional amount
up to $250,000 as may be required in respect of a fairness opinion being referred to herein as the Fairness
Opinion Advance), and (b) in no event shall Lender advance more
than in the aggregate $750,000 in the month of December 2024 (which advances shall in no event be sooner than December 15, 2024) plus
the Fairness Opinion Advance if HOFREC is required to make such payment and such advance was not made in November pursuant to clause
(a) hereof.

3. INTEREST, FEES AND CHARGES.

3.01Interest Rate; Default Interest Rate.

Each Loan shall bear interest
on the outstanding principal amount thereof at a rate per annum equal to the Interest Rate. During a Default Period, each Loan shall,
unless as otherwise agreed to by Lender in writing, automatically bear interest at the Default Rate, effective as of the first day of
the month in which the Default Period begins. The decision of Lender to not impose the Default Rate shall be made by the Lender, in its
sole discretion, and shall not be a waiver of any of its other rights and remedies.

3.02Payment of Principal and Interest.

The principal balance of each
Loan shall be due and payable in full on the Termination Date. Accrued and unpaid interest shall be payable on the first day of each month
(for the immediately preceding month), provided that the amount of any such interest payable at such times shall not be paid in cash but,
instead, shall be added to the unpaid principal balance of the Note (which added amounts shall thereafter be deemed principal for all
purposes hereunder). Unless payable sooner pursuant to the terms of this Note, Borrowers shall, jointly and severally, repay the principal
balance of the Loans and all other Obligations in cash on the Termination Date. If any such payment due date is not a Business Day, then
such payment may be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension of time shall be included in the computation of the amount
of interest and fees due hereunder. The Loan may be prepaid by Borrower in whole or in part at any time.

4

3.03Costs and Expenses.

Borrowers shall reimburse
Lender for all costs and expenses, including expenses and fees of third-party service providers, legal expenses and reasonable attorneys
fees (whether for internal or outside counsel), incurred by Lender in connection with the (i) documentation and consummation of this
Loan and any other transactions between a Borrower and Lender related to this Loan, including amendments to this Note or any Loan Document,
Uniform Commercial Code and other public record searches and filings, overnight courier or other express or messenger delivery, appraisal
costs, surveys, title insurance and environmental audit or review costs; (ii) collection, protection or enforcement of any rights in
or to the Collateral; (iii) collection of any Obligations; (iv) the realization upon, disposition or sale of, any or all of the Collateral;
(v) administration, monitoring, processing and servicing of the Loans, the Loan Documents, and the Collateral; (vi) enforcement of any
of Lenders rights under this Note or any other Loan Document (including any costs and expenses of any third party provider engaged
by Lender for such purposes); and (vii) the
retention of any payments or transfers of any kind made to Lender by or on account of this Note, including the granting of liens, collateral
rights, security interests, or payment protection of any type, in any action brought or threatened against Lender including any avoidance
action in a bankruptcy or similar proceeding.

3.04Maximum Interest.

It is the intent of the parties
that the rate of interest and other charges to Borrowers under the Loan Documents shall be lawful; therefore, if for any reason the interest
or other charges payable under this Note are found by a court of competent jurisdiction, in a final determination, to exceed the limit
which Lender may lawfully charge Borrowers, then the obligation to pay interest and other charges shall automatically be reduced to such
limit and, if any amount in excess of such limit shall have been paid, then such amount shall be refunded to Borrowers.

3.05Computation of Interest and Fees.

All interest accruing on the
outstanding principal amount of the Loans and fees hereunder outstanding from time to time shall be calculated on the basis of actual
number of days elapsed in a 360-day year, which results in more interest charged than if interest were calculated based on a 365-day year.

3.06Payments Generally.

All payments to be made by
Borrowers shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly
provided herein, all payments by Borrowers hereunder shall be made to Lender in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than
1:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date specified herein. All payments received by Lender after 1:00 p.m. (New York time) shall be deemed
received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by
Borrowers shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, then payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension
of time shall be reflected on computing interest or fees, as the case may be.

5

4.GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST TO LENDER.

As security for the payment
of all Loans now or in the future made by Lender to Borrowers hereunder and for the payment or other satisfaction of all other Obligations,
each Borrower hereby grants to Lender a continuing security interest in all of such Borrowers right, title, and interest in the
following property, whether now or hereafter existing, acquired or arising and wherever now or hereafter located: (a) the Collateral under
and as defined in the Affiliated Term Loan Agreement; (b) all cash received by any Borrower from BETR and its affiliates pursuant to any
Borrowers equity interest in any revenue sharing agreement and any other agreements with, BETR, including the Online Market Access
Agreement between NewCo and BETR dated July 14, 2022, as the same may be amended from time to time, including the next quarterly payment
after the date hereof payable to any Borrower by BETR in an amount of $87,500.00; (c) any warrant to purchase Class A Common Stock of
BETR owned by any Borrower; (d) all revenue received by any Borrower pursuant to the Retail Lease between HOF VR II and TBK Operating
Company, LLC (the Retail Lease) dated December 22, 2021 (less (i) the license fees paid to Top Golf USA under
the Swing Suite License Agreement dated October 8, 2020, as amended, and required maintenance costs associated with the Topgolf operation
at the Premises (as defined in the Retail Lease) and (ii) with respect to the operation of the Brew Kettle restaurant subject to the Retail
Lease, the costs associated with taxes, insurance and required maintenance of such Brew Kettle restaurant), as the same may be amended
from time to time; (e) all funds received by any Borrower from Visit Canton in respect of the Visit Canton Sponsorship Agreement; (f)
all Accounts, Chattel Paper, Instruments, Documents, General Intangibles, Investment Property, Deposit Accounts, Securities, bank accounts,
deposits and cash consisting of, in any way arising out of, or otherwise related to any of the property otherwise described in this Section
4 and; (g) all additions and accessions to, substitutions for, and replacements, products and Proceeds of the foregoing property,
including proceeds of all insurance policies insuring the foregoing property, and all of each Borrowers books and records relating
to any of the foregoing.

5.COVENANTS.

Until payment and satisfaction
in full of all Obligations and termination of this Note, unless Borrowers obtain Lenders prior written consent waiving or modifying
any of Borrowers covenants hereunder in any specific instance, each Borrower at all times agrees and covenants as follows:

5.01Indebtedness.

No Borrower shall, without
Lenders prior written consent (which consent may be withheld for any reason) create, incur, assume or become obligated (directly
or indirectly), for any loans or other indebtedness other than the Obligations and other indebtedness disclosed to Lender in writing as
being in existence as of the Closing Date.

5.02Liens.

No Borrower shall grant or
permit to exist (voluntarily or involuntarily) any lien, claim, security interest or other encumbrance whatsoever on any of the Collateral
other than those in favor of Lender.

6

5.03Mergers, Sales, Acquisitions, Subsidiaries and Other Transactions Outside the Ordinary Course of Business.

No Borrower shall (a) form
any subsidiaries other than those in existence as of the Closing Date; (b) enter into any merger or consolidation (other than the Take
Private Transaction); (c) change the state of such Borrowers organization or enter into any transaction which has the effect of
changing such Borrowers state of organization; (d) modify its organizational documents; (e) if such Borrower is a limited liability
company, divide into multiple limited liability companies; (f) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any of its assets or make any payments
other than in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise expressly permitted hereunder; (g) purchase the stock, other equity interests
or all or a material portion of the assets of any Person or division of such Person; (h) enter into any joint ventures or partnerships
with any other Person; or (i) enter into any other transaction outside the ordinary course of such Borrowers business, including
any purchase, redemption or retirement of any shares of any class of its stock or any other equity interest, and any issuance of any shares
of, or warrants or other rights to receive or purchase any shares of, any class of its stock or any other equity interest.

5.04Use of Proceeds.

No Borrower shall use the
proceeds of any Loan funds provided by Lender to Borrowers for any purpose other than as set forth in the applicable Advancement Request,
which shall be for general corporate purposes consistent with the approved business and cash flow plan of Borrowers as approved by Lender.

5.05Visit Canton Sponsorship Agreement.

HOFREC shall, promptly following
the Closing Date, use commercially reasonable efforts to negotiate the Visit Canton Sponsorship Agreement with Visit Canton on terms that
are satisfactory to Lender in its sole discretion.

5.06Take Private Transaction Milestones.

HOFREC will use its good faith
efforts toward achievement of take private transaction deal milestones to be mutually agreed by the parties hereto (acting reasonably).

5.07Status Calls. Borrowers and Lender will conduct a weekly status call at a mutually
agreeable time to discuss Borrowers business and other matters relating to the Loans, including, without limitation, the status
of the Take Private Transaction. Such status calls shall include (at a minimum), HOFRECs SVP of finance, and shall include weekly
reporting of the balance of all Borrower funds.

5.08Blocked Accounts.

(a) On or before the
date that is fifteen (15) days following the Closing Date, Borrowers shall establish one or more Blocked Accounts and shall at all
times thereafter cause all payments, deposits, money, revenue and cash received by Borrowers constituting Collateral
(Cash Collateral) solely in such Blocked Accounts. If any Borrower, any subsidiary of Borrower, any
shareholder, officer, director, employee or agent of a Borrower or any subsidiary of a Borrower, or any other Person acting for or
in concert with a Borrower shall receive any monies, checks, notes, drafts or other payments consisting of Cash Collateral, such
Borrower and each such Person shall promptly upon receipt thereof remit the same (or cause the same to be remitted) in kind to a
Blocked Account. The financial institution with which a Blocked Account is established shall acknowledge and agree, in a manner
satisfactory to Lender, that the amounts on deposit in such Blocked Account are the sole and exclusive property of Lender, that such
financial institution will follow the instructions of Lender with respect to disposition of funds in such Blocked Account without
further consent from any Borrower, that such financial institution has no right to setoff against such Blocked Account or against
any other account maintained by such financial institution into which Cash Collateral is transferred, and that such financial
institution shall wire, or otherwise transfer in immediately available funds to Lender in a manner satisfactory to Lender, funds
deposited in such Blocked Account on a daily basis as such funds are collected.

7

(b)Each Borrower agrees that all payments made to such Blocked Account or otherwise received by Lender will be applied on account
of the Obligations in such order and at such times as Lender shall determine its sole discretion.

(c)Each Borrower agrees to pay all customary fees, costs and expenses in connection with opening and maintaining the Blocked Accounts.
All of such fees, costs and expenses if not paid by a Borrower, may be paid by Lender and in such event all amounts paid by Lender shall
constitute Obligations hereunder, shall be payable to Lender by Borrowers upon demand, and, until paid, shall bear interest at the highest
rate then applicable to Loans hereunder.

(d)All checks, drafts, instruments and other items of payment or Proceeds of Cash Collateral shall be endorsed by the applicable Borrower
to Lender, and, if that endorsement of any such item shall not be made for any reason, Lender is hereby irrevocably authorized to endorse
the same on such Borrowers behalf. For the purpose of this section, each Borrower irrevocably hereby makes, constitutes and appoints
Lender (and all Persons designated by Lender for that purpose) as such Borrowers true and lawful attorney and agent-in-fact (i)
to endorse such Borrowers name upon said items of payment and/or Proceeds of Collateral and upon any Chattel Paper, Document, Instrument,
invoice or similar document or agreement relating to any Account of such Borrower or Goods pertaining thereto; and (ii) to take control
in any manner of any item of payment or Proceeds thereof.

5.09Creation and Preservation of Collateral; Perfection of Security Interests; Further Assurances.

(a)Each Borrower shall, at Lenders request, at any time and from time to time, promptly (and in any event within five (5) Business
Days) authenticate, execute and deliver to Lender such financing statements, documents and other agreements and instruments (and pay the
cost of filing or recording the same in all public offices deemed necessary or desirable by Lender) and do such other acts and things
or cause third parties to do such other acts and things as Lender may deem necessary or desirable, in its sole discretion, in order to
establish and maintain a valid, attached and first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral in favor of Lender (free and
clear of all other liens, claims, encumbrances and rights of third parties whatsoever, whether voluntarily or involuntarily created) to
secure payment of the Obligations, and in order to facilitate the collection of the Collateral. Further, each Borrower shall within fifteen
(15) days hereof deliver the original of any portion of the Collateral evidenced by an agreement, Instrument or Document, including any
Tangible Chattel Paper and any Investment Property consisting of certificated securities to Lender together with an appropriate endorsement
or other specific evidence of assignment thereof to Lender and take such other actions reasonably requested by Lender to effectuate the
pledged of such Collateral, in each case, in form and substance acceptable to Lender in its sole discretion. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, promptly following the Closing Date, and in any event within ten (10) Business Days after the Closing Date, Borrowers
shall use reasonable best efforts to deliver and/or cause to be delivered, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender in its sole discretion,
an amendment to any warrants constituting Collateral expressly authorizing and reaffirming the pledge of any such warrant to the Lender
as Collateral and acknowledging the Lender as a permitted transferee thereunder.

8

(b)Each Borrower irrevocably hereby makes, constitutes and appoints Lender (and all Persons designated by Lender for that purpose)
as such Borrowers true and lawful attorney and agent-in-fact to execute and file such financing statements, documents and other
agreements and instruments and do such other acts and things as may be necessary to preserve and perfect Lenders security interest
in the Collateral and to take any and all actions as Lender deems necessary in connection with the rights afforded Lender hereby pursuant
to Section 6.02.

(c)Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Borrower shall promptly (and in any event within five (5) Business Days)
upon request by the Lender, (a) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered hereunder, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge,
deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and
other instruments (including promptly completing any registration or stamping of documents as may be applicable) as the Lender may reasonably
require from time to time as necessary (i) to carry out the purposes of this Note, (ii) to subject the Collateral to the liens hereof,
(iii) to perfect and maintain the validity, effectiveness and priority of any of the liens hereunder, and (iv) convey, grant, assign,
transfer, preserve and protect the rights now or hereafter granted to the Lender hereunder.

6. DEFAULT
AND REMEDIES.

6.01Events of Default.

The occurrence of any one
or more of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default by Borrowers hereunder:

(a)Payment. The failure of any Borrower to pay any of the Obligations when due; or

(b)Breach of Loan Documents. The failure of any Borrower to perform, keep or observe any of the other covenants, conditions,
promises, agreements or obligations of any Borrower under any of the Loan Documents;

(c)Intentionally Deleted.; or

9

(d)Breach of Representations and Warranties. The making or furnishing by any Borrower to Lender of any representation, warranty,
certificate, schedule, report or other communication within or in connection with the Loan Documents, which is untrue or misleading in
any material respect as of the date made; or

(e)Loss of Collateral. A conveyance, transfer or other disposition occurs with respect to, or any writ or warrant of attachment
or execution or similar process is issued or levied against, any Collateral that is not expressly permitted by this Agreement; or

(f) Bankruptcy or
Similar Proceedings. The commencement of any (i) involuntary proceedings in bankruptcy against a Borrower or for the liquidation
or reorganization of a Borrower, or alleging that a Borrower is insolvent or unable to pay its debts as they mature, or for the
readjustment or arrangement of a Borrowers debts, whether under the Bankruptcy Code or under any other law, whether state or
federal, now or hereafter existing, for the relief of debtors, or the commencement of any analogous statutory or non-statutory
proceedings involving a Borrower, and such involuntary proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of sixty (60)
days or (ii) voluntary proceedings by a Borrower seeking liquidation, reorganization, or other relief with respect to itself or its
debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency, or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee,
receiver, liquidator, custodian, or other similar official of it or a substantial part of its property or shall consent to any such
relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced
against it or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or shall generally fail to pay its debts as they become
due or shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the foregoing; or

(g)Appointment of Receiver. The involuntary appointment of a receiver or trustee for a Borrower, for any of the Collateral
or for any substantial part of a Borrowers assets or the institution of any proceedings for the dissolution, or the full or partial
liquidation, or the merger or consolidation (excluding the Take Private Transaction), of a Borrower which is a corporation, limited liability
company or a partnership; or

(h)Judgment. The entry of any judgments or orders aggregating in excess of $150,000 against a Borrower which remains unsatisfied
or undischarged and in effect for 30 days after such entry without a stay of enforcement or execution; or

(i)Dissolution of Borrower. The dissolution of a Borrower which is a partnership, limited liability company, corporation or
other entity.

6.02Remedies.

(a)Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default described in Section 6.01(f) or (g), all of the Obligations shall immediately
and automatically become due and payable in cash, without notice of any kind. Upon the occurrence of any other Event of Default, all Obligations
may, at the option of Lender, and without demand, notice or legal process of any kind, be declared, and immediately shall become, due
and payable in cash.

10

(b)During a Default Period, Lender may exercise from time to time any rights and remedies available to it under the Uniform Commercial
Code and any other applicable law in addition to, and not in lieu of, any rights and remedies expressly granted in the Loan Documents
and all of Lenders rights and remedies shall be cumulative and non-exclusive to the extent permitted by law. In particular, but
not by way of limitation of the foregoing, Lender may, without notice, demand or legal process of any kind, (i) suspend, terminate or
limit any further loans or other extensions of credit under this Note and the other Loan Documents, (ii) take possession of any or all
of the Collateral (in addition to Collateral of which it already has possession), wherever it may be found, and for that purpose may pursue
the same wherever it may be found, and may enter onto any of a Borrowers premises where any of the Collateral may be, and search
for, take possession of, remove, keep and store any of the Collateral until the same shall be sold or otherwise disposed of, and Lender
shall have the right to store the same at any of any Borrowers premises without cost to Lender, and/or (iii) to cause any warrants
constituting Collateral to be re-registered in the name of Lender. At Lenders request, each Borrower shall, at each Borrowers
expense, assemble the Collateral and make it available to Lender at one or more places to be designated by Lender and reasonably convenient
to Lender. Borrower recognizes that if any Borrower fails to perform, observe or discharge any of its Obligations under the Loan Documents,
no remedy at law will provide adequate relief to Lender, and agrees that Lender shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive
relief in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages. Any notification of intended disposition of any of the Collateral
required by law will be deemed to be a reasonable authenticated notification of disposition if given at least 10 days prior to such disposition
and such notice shall (i) describe Lender and the applicable Borrower, (ii) describe the Collateral that is the subject of the intended
disposition, (iii) state the method of the intended disposition, (iv) state that the applicable Borrower is entitled to an accounting
of the Obligations and state the charge, if any, for an accounting and (v) state the time and place of any public disposition or the time
after which any private sale is to be made. Lender may disclaim any warranties that might arise in connection with the sale, lease or
other disposition of the Collateral and has no obligation to provide any warranties at such time. Any Proceeds of any disposition by Lender
of any of the Collateral may be applied by Lender to the payment of expenses in connection with the Collateral, including legal expenses
and reasonable attorneys fees, and any balance of such Proceeds may be applied by Lender toward the payment of such of the Obligations,
and in such order of application, as Lender may from time to time elect.

(c)Intentionally Deleted.

(d)Lender shall have the right, but not the obligation, to continue to extend the Loans during any Default Period without waiving
any Event of Default or the default remedies of Lender and on such terms and conditions as Lender elects in its sole discretion.

(e)In addition to all other rights, options and remedies granted or available to Lender under this Note or the other Loan Documents,
or otherwise available at law or in equity, upon or at any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default, Lender may, in its sole discretion,
commence accruing interest on the Loans at a rate up to the Default Rate. Additionally, at any time after the occurrence and during the
continuance of any event which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would become an Event of Default, Lender may,
in its sole discretion, withhold or cease making Loans.

11

6.03Commercially Reasonable Sales. 

To the extent that applicable
law imposes duties on Lender to exercise remedies in a commercially reasonable manner, each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that it is
not commercially unreasonable for Lender (a) to fail to incur expenses reasonably deemed significant by Lender to prepare Collateral for
disposition or otherwise to fail to complete raw material or work in process into finished goods or other finished products for disposition,
(b) to fail to obtain third party consents for access to Collateral to be disposed of, or to obtain or, if not required by other law,
to fail to obtain governmental or third party consents for the collection or disposition of Collateral to be collected or disposed of,
(c) to fail to exercise collection remedies against account debtors or other persons obligated on Collateral or to fail to remove liens
or encumbrances on or any adverse claims against Collateral, (d) to exercise collection remedies against account debtors and other persons
obligated on Collateral directly or through the use of collection agencies and other collection specialists, (e) to advertise dispositions
of Collateral through publications or media of general circulation, whether or not the Collateral is of a specialized nature, (f) to contact
other persons, whether or not in the same business as such Borrower, for expressions of interest in acquiring all or any portion of the
Collateral, (g) to hire one or more professional auctioneers to assist in the disposition of Collateral, whether or not the collateral
is of a specialized nature, (h) to dispose of Collateral by utilizing Internet sites that provide for the auction of assets of the types
included in the Collateral or that have the reasonable capability of doing so, or that match buyers and sellers of assets, (i) to dispose
of assets in wholesale rather than retail markets, (j) to decline to provide credit to any potential purchaser of the Collateral in connection
with Lenders disposition of the Collateral, (k) to disclaim disposition warranties, (l) to purchase insurance or credit enhancements
to insure Lender against risks of loss, collection or disposition of Collateral or to provide to Lender a guaranteed return from the collection
or disposition of Collateral, or (m) to the extent deemed appropriate by Lender, to obtain the services of other brokers, investment bankers,
consultants and other professionals to assist Lender in the collection or disposition of any of the Collateral. Each Borrower acknowledges
that the purpose of this Section is to provide non-exhaustive indications of what actions or omissions by Lender would fulfill Lenders
duties under the UCC in Lenders exercise of remedies against the Collateral and that other actions or omissions by Lender shall
not be deemed to fail to fulfill such duties solely on account of not being indicated in this Section. Without limitation upon the foregoing,
nothing contained in this Section shall be construed to grant any rights to a Borrower or to impose any duties on Lender that would not
have been granted or imposed by this Note or by applicable law in the absence of this Section.

7.GENERAL PROVISIONS.

7.01Indemnification. Each Borrower agrees to defend (with counsel reasonably satisfactory to Lender), protect, indemnify
and hold harmless Lender, each affiliate and subsidiary of Lender, and each of their respective shareholders, members, officers, directors,
managers, employees, attorneys and agents (each an Indemnified Party), from and against any and all liabilities,
obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, claims, charges, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or
nature (including the disbursements and the reasonable fees of counsel for each Indemnified Party in connection with any investigative,
administrative or judicial proceeding, whether or not the Indemnified Party shall be designated a party thereto), which may be imposed
on, incurred by, or asserted against, any Indemnified Party (whether direct, indirect or consequential and whether based on any federal,
state or local laws or regulations, including securities laws and regulations and commercial laws and regulations, under common law or
in equity, or based on contract or otherwise) in any manner relating to or arising out of this Note or any other Loan Document, or any
act, event or transaction related or attendant thereto, or the use or intended use of the proceeds of the Loans; provided, however, that
such Borrower shall not have any obligation hereunder to any Indemnified Party with respect to matters caused by or resulting from the
willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Indemnified Party. To the extent that the undertaking to indemnify set forth in the preceding
sentence may be unenforceable because it is violative of any law or public policy, each Borrower shall satisfy such undertaking to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law. Any liability, obligation, loss, damage, penalty, claim, charge, cost, expense or disbursement
covered by this indemnity shall be paid to each Indemnified Party on demand, and, failing payment within ten (10) Business Days of a request
therefor, shall, together with interest thereon at the highest rate then applicable to Loans hereunder from the date incurred by each
Indemnified Party until paid by Borrowers, be added to the Obligations of Borrowers and be secured by the Collateral. The provisions of
this Section 7.01 shall survive the satisfaction and payment of the other Obligations and the termination of this Note.

12

7.02Release of Claims. Each Borrower (each, a Releasing Party),
hereby releases, remises, acquits and forever discharges Lender, each affiliate and subsidiary of Lender, and each of their respective
shareholders, members, officers, directors, managers, employees, attorneys and agents (all of the foregoing hereinafter called the Released
Parties), from any and all action and causes of action, judgments, executions, suits, debts,
claims, demands, liabilities, obligations, damages and expenses of any and every character, known or unknown, direct and/or indirect,
at law or in equity, of whatsoever kind or nature, whether heretofore or hereafter arising, for or because of any matter or things done,
omitted or suffered to be done by any of the Released Parties prior to and including the date of execution hereof (all of the foregoing
hereinafter called the Released Matters). Each Releasing Party acknowledges that
the agreements in this paragraph are intended to be in full satisfaction of all or any alleged injuries or damages arising in connection
with the Released Matters. Each Releasing Party represents and warrants to Lender that it has not purported to transfer, assign or otherwise
convey any right, title or interest in any Released Matter to any other person or entity and that the foregoing constitutes a full and
complete release of all Released Matters.

7.03Notice.

All written notices and other
written communications required with respect to this Note shall be sent by ordinary, certified or overnight mail, by email, or delivered
in person, to the address or email address specified for Lender or any Borrower, as applicable, as set forth in this Section 7.03.
All notices shall be deemed received upon actual receipt thereof or refusal of delivery.

Notice Address for Lender:

CH Capital Lending, LLC

12214 Lakewood Blvd

Doney, CA 90242

Attn: Richard Klein; Jerry Brown

Email: rklein@industrialrealtygroup.com; jbrown@fms-law.com

13

With a copy to:

Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner LLC

One Atlantic Center, 14th Floor

1201 W. Peachtree St., N.W.

Atlanta, GA 30309

Attn: Rick Miller; Amy Taylor Wilson

Email: rick.miller@bclplaw.com; amy.wilson@bclplaw.com

Notice Address for any Borrower:

Hall of Fame Resort & Entertainment Company

2014 Champions Gateway, Suite 100

Canton, OH 44708

Attn: Michael Crawford; Tim Kelly

Email: Michael.Crawford@HOFVillage.com;
tim.kelly@hofvillage.com

With a copy to:

Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP

1445 Ross Avenue, Suite 3700

Dallas, Texas 75202

Attn: J.R. England

Email: jengland@hunton.com

7.04Governing Law; Construction; Forum Selection.

(a)THE LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONTROLLED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES
OF CONFLICTS OF LAW OTHER THAN NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW 5-1401 AND 5-1402) AS TO INTERPRETATION, ENFORCEMENT, VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION,
EFFECT, AND IN ALL OTHER RESPECTS, INCLUDING THE LEGALITY OF THE INTEREST RATE AND OTHER CHARGES, BUT EXCLUDING PERFECTION OF THE SECURITY
INTERESTS IN COLLATERAL LOCATED OUTSIDE OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WHICH SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONTROLLED BY THE LAWS OF THE RELEVANT JURISDICTION
IN WHICH SUCH COLLATERAL IS LOCATED. If any provision of this Note shall be held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law,
such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision
or remaining provisions of this Note.

(b)To induce Lender to accept this Note, each Borrower irrevocably agrees that, subject to Lenders sole and absolute election,
ALL ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS IN ANY WAY, MANNER OR RESPECT, ARISING OUT OF OR FROM OR RELATED TO THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE COLLATERAL SHALL
BE LITIGATED IN COURTS HAVING SITUS WITHIN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, CITY OF NEW YORK, AND STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH BORROWER HEREBY CONSENTS
AND SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY LOCAL, STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED WITHIN SAID COUNTY AND STATE. EACH BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES
PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS AND AGREES THAT ALL SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE UPON SUCH BORROWER BY CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED
MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, ADDRESSED TO SUCH BORROWER AT THE ADDRESS SET FORTH FOR NOTICE IN THIS NOTE AND SERVICE SO MADE SHALL
BE COMPLETE 10 DAYS AFTER THE SAME HAS BEEN POSTED. EACH BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRANSFER OR CHANGE THE VENUE
OF ANY LITIGATION BROUGHT AGAINST SUCH BORROWER BY LENDER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS SECTION.

14

7.05Modification and Benefit of Agreement.

The Loan Documents may not
be modified, altered or amended except by an agreement in writing signed by Borrowers or such other Person who is a party to such Loan
Document and Lender. No Borrower may sell, assign or transfer the Loan Documents or any portion thereof, including such Borrowers
rights, titles, interest, remedies, powers or duties hereunder and thereunder. Each Borrower hereby consents to Lenders sale, assignment,
transfer or other disposition, at any time and from time to time hereafter, of the Loan Documents or of any portion thereof, or participations
therein, including Lenders rights, titles, interest, remedies, powers and/or duties and agrees that it shall execute and deliver
such documents as Lender may request in connection with any such sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition.

7.06Headings of Subdivisions.

The headings of subdivisions
in this Note are for convenience of reference only, and shall not govern the interpretation of any of the provisions of this Note.

7.07Power of Attorney.

Each Borrower acknowledges
and agrees that its appointment of Lender as its attorney and agent-in-fact for the limited purposes expressly specified in this Note
is an appointment coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable until all of the Obligations are satisfied and paid in full and this
Note is terminated.

7.08Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution.

(a)The Loan Documents and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed an original, but all of which
counterparts together shall constitute but one agreement. This Note and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among
the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating
to the subject matter hereof. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Note or any of the Loan Documents by facsimile
or in electronic (i.e., pdf or tif) format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart
of this Note.

15

(b)The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Note and the
other Loan Documents will be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which will be of the same legal effect,
validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the
extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the
Illinois Electronic Commerce Security Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based
on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

7.09WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL; OTHER WAIVERS.

(a)EACH BORROWER AND LENDER EACH HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING WHICH PERTAINS DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY TO THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE OBLIGATIONS, THE COLLATERAL, ANY ALLEGED TORTIOUS CONDUCT BY ANY BORROWER OR LENDER OR WHICH, IN
ANY WAY, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ARISES OUT OF OR RELATES TO THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ANY BORROWER AND LENDER. IN NO EVENT SHALL LENDER
BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, NOR ANY DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS.

(b)Each Borrower hereby waives demand, presentment, protest and notice of nonpayment, and further waives the benefit of all valuation,
appraisal and exemption laws.

(c)Each Borrower hereby waives the benefit of any law that would otherwise restrict or limit Lender or any affiliate of Lender in
the exercise of its right, which is hereby acknowledged and agreed to, to set-off against the Obligations, without notice at any time
hereafter, any indebtedness, matured or unmatured, owing by Lender or such affiliate of Lender to such Borrower.

(d)EACH BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO NOTICE AND HEARING OF ANY KIND PRIOR TO THE EXERCISE BY LENDER OF ITS RIGHTS TO REPOSSESS
THE COLLATERAL OF SUCH BORROWER WITHOUT JUDICIAL PROCESS OR TO REPLEVY, ATTACH OR LEVY UPON SUCH COLLATERAL, PROVIDED THAT IN THE EVENT
THAT LENDER SEEKS TO ENFORCE ITS RIGHTS HEREUNDER BY JUDICIAL PROCESS OR SELF HELP, LENDER SHALL PROVIDE SUCH BORROWER WITH SUCH NOTICES
AS ARE REQUIRED BY LAW.

(e)Lenders failure, at any time or times hereafter, to require strict performance by any Borrower of any provision of the Loan
Documents shall not waive, affect or diminish any right of Lender thereafter to demand strict compliance and performance therewith. Any
suspension or waiver by Lender of an Event of Default under this Note or any default under any of the other Loan Documents shall not suspend,
waive or affect any other Event of Default under this Note or any other default under any of the other Loan Documents, whether the same
is prior or subsequent thereto and whether of the same or of a different kind or character. No delay on the part of Lender in the exercise
of any right or remedy under any Loan Document shall preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right or remedy.
None of the undertakings, agreements, warranties, covenants and representations of any Borrower contained in the Loan Documents and no
Event of Default under this Note or default under any of the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to have been suspended or waived by
Lender unless such suspension or waiver is in writing, signed by a duly authorized officer of Lender and directed to Borrowers specifying
such suspension or waiver.

16

7.10 Reinstatement.
Notwithstanding any prior revocation, termination, surrender, or discharge of this Note in whole or in part, the effectiveness of
this Note shall automatically continue or be reinstated in the event that any payment, proceeds received or credit given by Lender
in respect of the Obligations is returned, disgorged, or rescinded under any applicable state or federal law, including, without
limitation, laws pertaining to bankruptcy or insolvency, in which case, this Note shall be enforceable against each Borrower as if
the returned, disgorged, or rescinded payment, proceeds or credit had not been received or given by Lender, and whether or not
Lender relied upon this payment, proceeds or credit or changed its position as a consequence of it. In the event of continuation or
reinstatement of this Note, each Borrower agrees upon demand by Lender to execute and deliver to Lender those documents which Lender
determines are appropriate to further evidence (in the public records or otherwise) this continuation or reinstatement, although the
failure of any Borrower to do so shall not affect in any way such continuation or reinstatement.

8.MULTIPLE BORROWERS

8.01Joint and Several Liability.

Each Borrower agrees that
it is jointly and severally liable for all Obligations and all agreements under the Loan Documents. Each Borrower agrees its obligations
under the Loan Documents shall be unconditional, irrespective of (a) the absence of any attempt to collect a Borrowers Obligations
from any Borrower or any guarantor or other action to enforce the same; (b) the waiver or consent by Lender with respect to any provision
of any instrument evidencing Borrowers Obligations, or any part thereof, or any other agreement heretofore, now or hereafter executed
by a Borrower and delivered to Lender; (c) failure by Lender to take any steps to perfect and maintain its security interest in, or to
preserve its rights to, any security or collateral for Borrowers Obligations; (d) the institution of any proceeding under the Bankruptcy
Code, or any similar proceeding, by or against a Borrower or Lenders election in any such proceeding of the application of Section
1111(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code; (e) any borrowing or grant of a security interest by any Borrower as debtor-in-possession, under Section
364 of the Bankruptcy Code; (f) the disallowance, under Section 502 of the Bankruptcy Code, of all or any portion of Lenders claim(s)
for repayment of any of Borrowers Obligations; or (g) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable
discharge or defense of a guarantor.

8.02Savings Clause.

Notwithstanding any provisions
of this Note to the contrary, it is intended that the joint and several nature of the Obligations of Borrowers and the liens and security
interests granted by Borrowers to secure the Obligations, not constitute a Fraudulent Conveyance (as defined below). Consequently, Lender
and Borrowers agree that if the Obligations of a Borrower, or any liens or security interests granted by such Borrower securing the Obligations
would, but for the application of this sentence, constitute a Fraudulent Conveyance, the Obligations of such Borrower and the liens and
security interests securing such Obligations shall be valid and enforceable only to the maximum extent that would not cause such Obligations
or such lien or security interest to constitute a Fraudulent Conveyance, and the Obligations of such Borrower and this Note shall automatically
be deemed to have been amended accordingly. For purposes hereof, Fraudulent Conveyance means a fraudulent conveyance
under the Bankruptcy Code or a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under the applicable provisions of any fraudulent conveyance
or fraudulent transfer law or similar law of any state, nation or other governmental unit, as in effect from time to time.

17

8.03Financial Information.

Each Borrower assumes responsibility
for keeping itself informed of the financial condition of each other Borrower, and any and all endorsers and/or guarantors of any instrument
or document evidencing all or any part of such other Borrowers Obligations and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk
of nonpayment by such other Borrowers of their Obligations and each Borrower agrees that Lender shall not have any duty to advise such
Borrower of information known to Lender regarding such condition or any such circumstances or to undertake any investigation not a part
of its regular business routine. If Lender, in its sole discretion, undertakes at any time or from time to time to provide any such information
to a Borrower, Lender shall not be under any obligation to update any such information or to provide any such information to such Borrower
on any subsequent occasion.

8.04Joint Enterprise.

Each Borrower has requested
that Lender make this credit facility available to Borrowers on a combined basis, in order to finance Borrowers business most efficiently
and economically. Borrowers business is a mutual and collective enterprise, and the successful operation of each Borrower is dependent
upon the successful performance of the integrated group. Borrowers believe that consolidation of their credit facility will enhance the
borrowing power of each Borrower and ease administration of the Loans, all to their mutual advantage. Borrowers acknowledge that Lenders
willingness to extend credit and to administer the Collateral on a combined basis hereunder is done solely as an accommodation to Borrowers
and at Borrowers request.

8.05Subordination.

Each Borrower hereby subordinates
any claims, including any rights at law or in equity to payment, subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution, indemnification
or set off, that it may have at any time against any other Borrower, howsoever arising, to the full payment in cash of all Obligations
and termination of this Note.

8.06Waivers.

Each Borrower expressly waives
all rights that it may have now or in the future under any statute, at common law, in equity or otherwise, to compel Lender to marshal
assets or to proceed against any Borrower, other Person or security for the payment or performance of any Obligations before, or as a
condition to, proceeding against such Borrower. Each Borrower waives all defenses available to a surety, guarantor or accommodation co-obligor
other than full payment of all Obligations. The provisions of this Section are of the essence of the transaction contemplated by the Loan
Documents and that, but for such provisions, Lender would decline to make Loans. Each Borrower acknowledges that its guaranty pursuant
to this Section is necessary to the conduct and promotion of its business, and can be expected to benefit such business. Each Borrower
expressly waives the right to exercise any and all rights of subrogation, reimbursement, indemnity, exoneration, contribution or any other
claim which such Borrower may now or hereafter have against the other Borrowers or other Person directly or contingently liable for the
Obligations hereunder, or against or with respect to the other Borrowers property (including, without limitation, any property
which is Collateral for the Obligations), arising from the existence or performance of this Note.

18

8.07Remedies.

Lender may, in its sole discretion,
pursue such rights and remedies as it deems appropriate, including realization upon Collateral by judicial foreclosure or non-judicial
sale or enforcement, without affecting any rights and remedies under this Section. If, in taking any action in connection with the exercise
of any rights or remedies, Lender shall forfeit any other rights or remedies, including the right to enter a deficiency judgment against
any Borrower or other Person, whether because of any applicable Laws pertaining to election of remedies or otherwise, each
Borrower consents to such action and waives any claim based upon it, even if the action may result in loss of any rights of subrogation
that such Borrower might otherwise have had. Any election of remedies that results in denial or impairment of the right of Lender to seek
a deficiency judgment against any Borrower shall not impair any other Borrowers obligation to pay the full amount of the Obligations.
Each Borrower waives all rights and defenses arising out of an election of remedies, such as non-judicial foreclosure with respect to
any security for the Obligations, even though that election of remedies destroys such Borrowers rights of subrogation against any
other Person. Lender may bid all or a portion of the Obligations at any foreclosure or trustees sale or at any private sale, and
the amount of such bid need not be paid by Lender but shall be credited against the Obligations. The amount of the successful bid at any
such sale, whether Lender or any other Person is the successful bidder, shall be conclusively deemed to be the fair market value of the
Collateral, and the difference between such bid amount and the remaining balance of the Obligations shall be conclusively deemed to be
the amount of the Obligations guaranteed under this Section, notwithstanding that any present or future law or court decision may have
the effect of reducing the amount of any deficiency claim to which Lender might otherwise be entitled but for such bidding at any such
sale. Lender has the exclusive right to determine the time and manner of application of any payments or credits, whether received from
a Borrower or any other source, and such determination shall be binding on such Borrower. All such payments and credits may be applied,
reversed and reapplied, in whole or in part, to any of a Borrowers Obligations as Lender shall determine in its sole discretion
without affecting the validity or enforceability of the Obligations of the other Borrowers.

8.08Keepwell.

Each Borrower that is a Qualified
ECP (as defined below) when its guaranty of or grant of Lien as security for a Swap Obligation becomes effective hereby jointly and severally,
absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support to each Borrower that is not a Qualified
ECP with respect to such Swap Obligation as may be needed by such Borrower that is not a Qualified ECP from time to time to honor all
of its obligations under the Loan Documents in respect of such Swap Obligation (but, in each case, only up to the maximum amount of such
liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering such Qualified ECPs obligations and undertakings under this Section voidable
under any applicable fraudulent transfer or conveyance act). The obligations and undertakings of each Qualified ECP under this Section
shall remain in full force and effect until Payment in Full. Each Borrower intends this Section to constitute, and this Section shall
be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of,
each Borrower for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act. As used in this Note, Qualified ECP means any Borrower
with total assets exceeding $10,000,000, or that constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange
Act and can cause another Person to qualify as an eligible contract participant under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity
Exchange Act.

[signature page to follow]

19

The parties have duly executed
this Note as of the date first written above.

Borrowers:

HALL OF FAME RESORT & ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, a Delaware corporation 

By: /s/ Michael Crawford 

Name: Michael Crawford 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

HOF VILLAGE NEWCO, LLC 

By: /s/ Michael Crawford 

Name: Michael Crawford 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

HOF VILLAGE RETAIL I, LLC 

By: /s/ Michael Crawford 

Name: Michael Crawford 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

HOF VILLAGE RETAIL II, LLC 

By: /s/ Michael Crawford 

Name: Michael Crawford 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Lender: 

CH CAPITAL LENDING, LLC, 

a Delaware limited liability company 

By: Holdings SPE Manager, LLC, its Manager 

By: /s/ Richard H. Klein 

Name: Richard H. Klein 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

20
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022923401ex10-2_hall.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FIRST AMENDMENT TO NOTE & SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED NOVEMBER 14, 2024, BETWEEN HALL OF FAME RESORT & ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, HOF VILLAGE NEWCO, LLC, HOF VILLAGE RETAIL I, LLC AND HOF VILLAGE RETAIL II, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

FIRST AMENDMENT

TO

NOTE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

This FIRST AMENDMENT (this
Amendment) TO NOTE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT dated January 10, 2025 amends that certain Note and Security Agreement
(the Note) dated November 14, 2024 among CH CAPITAL LENDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
Lender), HALL OF FAME RESORT & ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (HOFREC),
HOF VILLAGE NEWCO, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (NewCo), HOF VILLAGE RETAIL I, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (HOF VR I), HOF VILLAGE RETAIL II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (HOF
VR II, and collectively with HOFREC, NewCo and HOF VR I, each a Borrower and, collectively,
jointly and severally, Borrowers).

WHEREAS, the Lender and the
Borrowers desire to amend certain provisions of the Note;

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section
7.05 of the Note, the Note may be amended by a written agreement signed by the Borrowers and Lender; and

WHEREAS, terms capitalized
but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Note.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and agreements herein made and other good and valuable consideration, the undersigned agree as follows:

1. The
second paragraph of Section 2 of the Note is deleted in its entirety.

Except as expressly amended
in accordance with this Amendment, the Note and the Loan Documents (as defined in the Note) shall remain unmodified and in full force
and effect. Any reference to the Note in any other document shall refer to the Note as amended hereby. In the event of any conflict between
the terms of the Note and the terms of this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall control.

This Amendment may be executed,
including by electronic transmission, in one or more counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and
all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

This Amendment shall be construed
and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the application of the principles of conflicts or
choice or laws (other than New York General Obligations Law 5-1401 and 5-1402).

* * * *

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have executed this Amendment on the day and year first indicated above.

BORROWERS:

HALL OF FAME RESORT & ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Michael Crawford

Name: Michael Crawford

Title: Chief Executive Officer

HOF VILLAGE NEWCO, LLC

By: /s/ Michael Crawford

Name: Michael Crawford

Title: Chief Executive Officer

HOF VILLAGE RETAIL I, LLC

By: /s/ Michael Crawford

Name: Michael Crawford

Title: Chief Executive Officer

HOF VILLAGE RETAIL II, LLC

By: /s/ Michael Crawford

Name: Michael Crawford

Title: Chief Executive Officer

LENDER:

CH CAPITAL LENDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: Holdings SPE Manager, LLC, its Manager

By: /s/ Richard H. Klein

Name: Richard H. Klein

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Note and
Security Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022923401ex10-3_hall.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDMENT TO NOTE & SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED NOVEMBER 14, 2024, BETWEEN HALL OF FAME RESORT & ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, HOF VILLAGE NEWCO, LLC, HOF VILLAGE RETAIL I, LLC AND HOF VILLAGE RETAIL II, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Execution Version

SECOND AMENDMENT 

TO

NOTE AND
SECURITY AGREEMENT 

This
SECOND AMENDMENT (this Amendment) TO NOTE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT dated January 24, 2025 amends that
certain Note and Security Agreement dated November 14, 2024, as amended by that certain First Amendment dated January 10, 2025 (as
so amended and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time up to the date hereof, the
Note), among CH CAPITAL LENDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
Lender), HALL OF FAME RESORT & ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, a Delaware corporation
(HOFREC), HOF VILLAGE NEWCO, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(NewCo), HOF VILLAGE RETAIL I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (HOF VR
I), HOF VILLAGE RETAIL II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (HOF VR II, and
collectively with HOFREC, NewCo and HOF VR I, each a Borrower and, collectively, jointly and severally,
Borrowers).

WHEREAS, the
Lender and the Borrowers desire to amend certain provisions of the Note;

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section
7.05 of the Note, the Note may be amended by a written agreement signed by the Borrowers and Lender; and

WHEREAS, terms capitalized
but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Note.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and agreements herein made and other good and valuable consideration, the undersigned agree as follows:

1. The
definition of Blocked Account set forth in Section 1 of the Note is hereby deleted in its

entirety. 

2. The
following definitions are hereby added to Section 1 of the Note in appropriate alphabetical order as follows:

Equity
Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in)
such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock
of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital
stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such
Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership,
member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests
are outstanding on any date of determination.

Net
Income earned by Borrowers from the operation of the Gridiron Gastropub means: (i) all revenues received by HOFREC and its subsidiaries
from the ownership and operation of the Gridiron Gastropub, minus (ii) all expenses incurred by HOFREC and its subsidiaries from the ownership
and operation of Gridiron Gastropub.

Springing
Account means account number 01663071022 maintained by HOFREC with The Huntington National Bank (the Bank) subject
to a control agreement in form and substance acceptable to Lender.

3. The
definition of Facility Amount in Section 1 of the Note is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: Facility
Amount means $4,150,000.00.

4. The
definition of Maturity Date in Section 1 of the Note is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

Maturity
Date means the earliest to occur of (i) closing of the Take Private Transaction, (ii) the Termination Date, as such term is defined
in any definitive agreement and plan of merger entered in connection with the Take Private Transaction, if applicable, and (iii) the occurrence
of an Event of Default under Section 6.01(g) or (h) hereunder.

5. Section
2 of the Note is amended to add with copies to David Koch at DKoch@bglco.com and Rick Miller at rick.miller@bclplaw.com
following Richard Klein at rklein@industrialrealtygroup.com.

6. Section
2 of the Note is amended to add the following after the first paragraph:

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, $250,000.00 of the Facility Amount is reserved for and will not be available for advancement to Borrowers
unless and until the board of directors of HOFREC approves the execution of and HOFREC delivers to the Buyer an executed definitive agreement
and plan of merger with respect to the Take Private Transaction, in which case Borrowers may seek an advancement from Lender in an amount
up to $250,000.00 to be used for payment of transaction related expenses incurred by Borrowers. For the avoidance of doubt, if the board
of directors of HOFREC does not approve and execute a definitive agreement and plan of merger in connection with the Take Private Transaction,
then the maximum Facility Amount available for advancement to Borrowers under this Note is equal to the Facility Amount as defined above,
less $250,000.00.

7. Section
4 of the Note is amended to add the following new clauses (f), (g) and (h) and to re-name existing clauses (f) and (g)
to (i) and (j), respectively:

(f) the
Equity Interests owned by any Borrower in HOF Village Retail I, LLC and HOF Village Retail II, LLC; (g) all Net Income earned by Borrowers
from the operation of the Gridiron Gastropub; (h) all rights of any Borrower, including any revenue received by any Borrower, under the
sponsorship agreements listed on Schedule A attached hereto;

8. Section
5.07 of the Note is amended to add the following at the end: On a weekly basis, Borrowers will deliver to Lender a cash flow forecast
for HOFREC, which shall be prepared based on the books and records of HOFREC and represent the Borrowers good faith estimate, as
of the date set forth therein, of the projected cash flows of HOFREC and its subsidiaries, together with such backup documentation as
may be requested by Lender.

9. Section
5.08 of the Note is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

5.08 Springing
Account.

(a) Borrowers
shall at all times establish and maintain at all times the Springing Account and shall at all times cause all payments, deposits, money,
revenue and cash received by any Borrower constituting Collateral (Cash Collateral) solely in such Springing
Account. If any Borrower, any subsidiary of Borrower, any shareholder, officer, director, employee or agent of a Borrower or any subsidiary
of a Borrower, or any other Person acting for or in concert with a Borrower shall receive any monies, checks, notes, drafts or other payments
consisting of Cash Collateral, such Borrower and each such Person shall promptly (and in any event within three (3) Business Days) upon
receipt thereof remit the same (or cause the same to be remitted) in kind to the Springing Account. The Bank shall acknowledge and agree,
in a manner satisfactory to Lender, that the Bank will follow the instructions of Lender with respect to disposition of funds in the Springing
Account without further consent from any Borrower, that the Bank has no right to setoff against the Springing Account or against any other
account maintained by the Bank into which Cash Collateral is transferred, and that the Bank shall wire, or otherwise transfer in immediately
available funds to Lender in a manner satisfactory to Lender, funds deposited in the Springing Account pursuant to written instructions
provided from time to time by Lender.

(b) Each Borrower
agrees that, if and when Lender delivers a notice of exclusive control to the Bank and Borrower, all payments made to such Springing
Account or otherwise received by Lender will be applied on account of the Obligations in such order and at such times as Lender shall
determine its sole discretion.

2

(c) Each
Borrower agrees that in no event shall any cash be transferred out of the Springing Account outside the ordinary course of business of
Borrower without the prior written consent of Lender. Lender agrees that cash in the Springing Account may be accessed by Borrower for
its ordinary business purposes at Borrowers initiative without consent of Lender or Bank unless and until Lender sends a contrary
instruction to the Bank.

(d) Each
Borrower agrees to pay all customary fees, costs and expenses in connection with opening and maintaining the Springing Account. All of
such fees, costs and expenses if not paid by a Borrower, may be paid by Lender and in such event all amounts paid by Lender shall constitute
Obligations hereunder, shall be payable to Lender by Borrowers upon demand, and, until paid, shall bear interest at the highest rate then
applicable to Loans hereunder.

(e) If
and when Lender delivers a notice of exclusive control to the Bank and Borrower, all checks, drafts, instruments and other items of payment
or Proceeds of Cash Collateral shall be endorsed by the applicable Borrower to Lender, and, if that endorsement of any such item shall
not be made for any reason, Lender is hereby irrevocably authorized to endorse the same on such Borrowers behalf. For the purpose
of this section, each Borrower irrevocably hereby makes, constitutes and appoints Lender (and all Persons designated by Lender for that
purpose) as such Borrowers true and lawful attorney and agent-infact if and when Lender delivers a notice of exclusive control
to the Bank and Borrower (i) to endorse such Borrowers name upon said items of payment and/or Proceeds of Collateral and upon any
Chattel Paper, Document, Instrument, invoice or similar document or agreement relating to any Account of such Borrower or Goods pertaining
thereto; and (ii) to take control in any manner of any item of payment or Proceeds thereof.

10. The notice address for
Lender set forth in Section 7.03 of the Note is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

Notice
Address for Lender:

CH Capital Lending,
LLC

11111 Santa Monica
Blvd., Suite 800

Los Angeles, CA
90025

Attn: Richard
Klein

Email: rklein@industrialrealtygroup.com

With a copy to:

Bryan Cave Leighton
Paisner LLC

One Atlantic Center, 14th Floor 1201

W. Peachtree St., N.W.

Atlanta, GA 30309

Attn: Rick Miller;
Amy Taylor Wilson

Email: rick.miller@bclplaw.com;
amy.wilson@bclplaw.com

11. Except
as expressly amended in accordance with this Amendment, the Note and the Loan Documents (as defined in the Note) shall remain unmodified
and in full force and effect. Any reference to the Note in any other document shall refer to the Note as amended hereby. In the event
of any conflict between the terms of the Note and the terms of this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall control.

12. This
Amendment may be executed, including by electronic transmission, in one or more counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be
deemed to be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

13. This
Amendment shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the application of the
principles of conflicts or choice or laws (other than New York General Obligations Law 5-1401 and 5-1402).

* * *
*

[Signature
Page Follows]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have executed this Amendment on the day and year first indicated above.

BORROWERS: 

HALL OF FAME RESORT & ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Michael Crawford

Name: Michael Crawford

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

HOF VILLAGE NEWCO, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Michael Crawford

Name: Michael Crawford

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

HOF VILLAGE RETAIL I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Michael Crawford

Name: Michael Crawford

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

HOF VILLAGE RETAIL II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Michael Crawford

Name: Michael Crawford

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

LENDER:

CH CAPITAL LENDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: Holdings SPE Manager, LLC, its Manager

By: /s/ Richard H. Klein

Name: Richard H. Klein

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page
to Second Amendment to Note and Security Agreement]

Schedule
A 

Sponsorship Agreements

1. Sponsorship Agreement, dated February 9, 2022, by and between
HOF Village Newco, LLC and The Cleveland Clinic Foundation, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Sponsorship Agreement dated
January 30, 2023, and subject to the Marketing and SC Programming Collaboration Agreement by and among Sandlot Youth Sports Holdings,
LLC, Sandlot HOFV Canton SC, LLC, and HOF Village Newco, LLC, and effective as of January 11, 2024 (to the extent that revenue payable
to Borrowers under this agreement has not been pledged to another party prior to the date of this Amendment).

2. Customer Marketing Agreement, dated September 27, 2023, by
and between HOF Village Newco, LLC and CCBCC Operations, LLC.

3. Sponsorship Agreement, dated April 1, 2024, by and between
HOF Village Newco, LLC and AultCare Corporation.

4. Sponsorship Agreement, dated September 1, 2024, by and between
HOF Village Newco, LLC and Hendrickson USA, L.L.C.

5. Sponsorship Agreement, dated January 1, 2024, by and between
HOF Village Newco, LLC and Kimble Recycling & Disposal, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>hofv-20250124.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>hofv-20250124_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>hofv-20250124_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 

Warrants to purchase 0.064578 shares of Common Stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>hofv-20250124_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 24, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38363

Entity Registrant Name HALL OF FAME RESORT & ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY

Entity Central Index Key 0001708176

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-3235695

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2014 Champions Gateway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Canton

Entity Address, State or Province OH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 44708

City Area Code 330

Local Phone Number 458-9176

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol HOFV

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants to purchase 0.064578 shares of Common Stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants to purchase 0.064578 shares of Common Stock

Trading Symbol HOFVW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=HOFV_CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=HOFV_WarrantsToPurchase0.064578SharesOfCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://hofreco.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0229234-8k_halloffame.htm 
hofv-20250124.xsd 
hofv-20250124_def.xml 
hofv-20250124_lab.xml 
hofv-20250124_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-008399-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0229234-8k_halloffame_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001708176 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

0001708176 

HOFV:CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

0001708176 

HOFV:WarrantsToPurchase0.064578SharesOfCommonStockMember 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001708176 
8-K 
2025-01-24 
HALL OF FAME RESORT & ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY 
DE 
001-38363 
84-3235695 
2014 Champions Gateway 
Suite 100 
Canton 
OH 
44708 
330 
458-9176 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
HOFV 
NASDAQ 
Warrants to purchase 0.064578 shares of Common Stock 
HOFVW 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>