<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-030592.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-030592.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401163339
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-030592
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000898173
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO & HOME SUPPLY STORES [5531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				274358837
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21318
		FILM NUMBER:		25800288

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		233 S PATTERSON AVE
		CITY:			SPRINGFIELD
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			65802
		BUSINESS PHONE:		417-829-5878

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		233 S PATTERSON AVE
		CITY:			SPRINGFIELD
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			65802
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2510899d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0000898173O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE INC00008981732025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO

SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported):
March 31, 2025

OReilly Automotive, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Missouri 000-21318 27-4358837

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation or organization) Commission file

number 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

233 South Patterson Avenue

Springfield, Missouri65802

(Address of principal executive offices, Zip code)

(417) 862-6708

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not applicable

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see
General Instruction A.2):

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on which 

Registered

Common Stock $0.01 par value ORLY 

The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

(NASDAQ Global Select Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Section 1 Registrants Business and Operations

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On March 31, 2025, OReilly Automative, Inc.
(the Company) entered into the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement), which amends and restates the Companys Credit Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2021, among the Company,
the lenders party thereto from time to time and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent.

The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement provides
for, among other things, a five-year $2.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility),
which is scheduled to mature in March of 2030. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement includes a $200 million sub-limit for
the issuance of letters of credit and a $75 million sub-limit for swing line borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. As described
in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement governing the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company may, from time to time, subject to certain
conditions, increase the aggregate commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility by up to $900 million, provided that the aggregate
amount of the commitments does not exceed $3.15 billion at any time.

Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility
(other than swing line loans) bear interest, at the Companys option, at either an Alternate Base Rate or an Adjusted Term SOFR
Rate (both as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus an applicable margin, which will vary from 0.000% to 0.050% (in the case of loans
bearing interest at the Alternate Base Rate) and 0.680% to 1.075% (in the case of loans bearing interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate),
in each case based upon the better of the ratings assigned to our debt by Moodys Investor Service, Inc. and Standard &
Poors Rating Services, subject to limited exceptions. Swing line loans made under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at
an Alternate Base Rate plus the applicable margin for Alternate Base Rate loans. In addition, the Company pays a facility fee on the aggregate
amount of the commitments under the Credit Agreement in an amount equal to a percentage of such commitments, varying from 0.070% to 0.175%
per annum, in each case based upon the better of the ratings assigned to the Companys debt by Moodys Investor Service, Inc.
and Standard & Poors Ratings Services, subject to limited exceptions.

The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement contains
certain customary covenants and events of default, including limitations on subsidiary indebtedness, a minimum consolidated fixed charge
coverage ratio of 2.50:1.00 and a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 3.50:1.00.

The above description of the Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement,
which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Section 2 Financial Information

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant

The information included in Item 1.01 above and
Item 8.01 below is incorporated herein by reference.

Section 8 Other Events

Item 8.01 Other Events

On March 31, 2025, the Company increased
the size of its commercial paper program (the Program) to permit the issuance of commercial paper notes in an aggregate
principal amount not to exceed $2.25 billion at any time outstanding. Prior to this increase, the Program permitted the Company to
issue commercial paper notes in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $1.8 billion at any time outstanding. The other terms
and conditions of the Program remain as previously described in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on August 9, 2023

The commercial paper notes have not been and will
not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or state securities laws, and
may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act and applicable state laws. The information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K is neither an offer to sell
nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.

Section 9 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit Number Description

10.1 First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025, by and among the Company, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

Date: April 1, 2025 OREILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC.

By: /s/ Jeremy A. Fletcher

Jeremy A. Fletcher

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

(principal financial and accounting officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2510899d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution
Version

FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of

March 31, 2025

among

O'REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC.,

as Borrower

The Lenders Party Hereto

and

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

PNC BANK, N.A.

TRUIST BANK,

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, and

WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.,

as Co-Syndication Agents

The Huntington
National Bank,

Mizuho Bank, ltd., and

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH,

as Co-Documentation Agents

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.,

PNC BANK, N.A.,

Truist Securities, Inc.,

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, and

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC,

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I Definitions

SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 1

SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 27

SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 27

SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP 28

SECTION 1.05. Pro Forma Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions 29

SECTION 1.06. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 29

SECTION 1.07. Letter of Credit Amounts 29

SECTION 1.08. Divisions 29

ARTICLE II The Credits

SECTION 2.01. Commitments 30

SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 30

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Revolving Borrowings 31

SECTION 2.04. Swingline Loans 31

SECTION 2.05. Letters of Credit 33

SECTION 2.06. Funding of Borrowings 37

SECTION 2.07. Interest Elections 38

SECTION 2.08. Termination and Reduction of Commitments; Increase in Commitments 39

SECTION 2.09. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 41

SECTION 2.10. Prepayment of Loans 42

SECTION 2.11. Fees 42

SECTION 2.12. Interest 43

SECTION 2.13. Alternate Rate of Interest 44

SECTION 2.14. Increased Costs 46

SECTION 2.15. Break Funding Payments 47

SECTION 2.16. Tax Matters 48

SECTION 2.17. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs 52

SECTION 2.18. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 53

SECTION 2.19. Defaulting Lenders 54

SECTION 2.20. Extension Option 56

i

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties

SECTION 3.01. Existence, Qualification and Power 58

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; No Contravention 58

SECTION 3.03. Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 58

SECTION 3.04. Binding Effect 58

SECTION 3.05. Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 58

SECTION 3.06. Litigation 59

SECTION 3.07. Environmental Compliance 59

SECTION 3.08. Taxes 59

SECTION 3.09. ERISA Compliance 59

SECTION 3.10. Investment Company Act 60

SECTION 3.11. Disclosure 60

SECTION 3.12. Federal Reserve Regulations 60

SECTION 3.13. Compliance with Laws 60

SECTION 3.14. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 60

SECTION 3.15. Affected Financial Institutions 61

SECTION 3.16. Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions 61

ARTICLE IV Conditions

SECTION 4.01. Effective Date 61

SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event 62

ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants

SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements 63

SECTION 5.02. Certificates; Other Information 64

SECTION 5.03. Notices 64

SECTION 5.04. Payment of Material Obligations 65

SECTION 5.05. Preservation of Existence, Etc 65

SECTION 5.06. Compliance with Laws 65

SECTION 5.07. Books and Records 65

SECTION 5.08. Inspection Rights 65

SECTION 5.09. Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit 66

ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants

SECTION 6.01. Liens 66

SECTION 6.02. Subsidiary Indebtedness 67

SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes; Dispositions 68

SECTION 6.04. Change in Nature of Business 68

SECTION 6.05. Financial Covenants 68

ii

ARTICLE VII Events of Default

SECTION 7.01. Events of Default 69

SECTION 7.02. Remedies Upon an Event of Default 70

SECTION 7.03. Application of Payments 71

ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent

SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action 72

SECTION 8.02. Administrative Agent's Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc 74

SECTION 8.03. Posting of Communications 75

SECTION 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually 77

SECTION 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent 77

SECTION 8.06. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks; Mistaken Payments 78

SECTION 8.07. Certain ERISA Matters 80

ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous

SECTION 9.01. Notices 83

SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments 84

SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 86

SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 88

SECTION 9.05. Survival 92

SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution; Amendment and Restatement 92

SECTION 9.07. Severability 94

SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff 94

SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 94

SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 95

SECTION 9.11. Headings 95

SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality 95

SECTION 9.13. Material Non-Public Information 96

SECTION 9.14. Interest Rate Limitation 97

SECTION 9.15. No Fiduciary Duty, etc 97

SECTION 9.16. Other Agency Titles 98

SECTION 9.17. USA PATRIOT Act 98

SECTION 9.18. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 98

iii

SCHEDULES:

Schedule 1.01A Existing Letters of Credit

Schedule 2.01A Commitment Schedule

Schedule 2.01B Swingline Commitments

Schedule 2.01C Letter of Credit Commitments

EXHIBITS:

Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit B-1 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders that
are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit B-2 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders that
are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit B-3 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants
that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit B-4 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants
that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit C Compliance Certificate

iv

FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED
CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of March 31, 2025 (as it may be amended, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this
"Agreement"), among O'REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC., a Missouri corporation, the LENDERS party hereto, and JPMORGAN
CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent.

The Borrower, the
various financial institutions party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, entered into the Credit
Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2021, as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of March 6, 2023 (the
"Existing Agreement").

The Borrower has requested
that the Lenders amend and restate the Existing Agreement, and the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth
herein.

The parties hereto agree as
follows:

ARTICLE I

Definitions

SECTION 1.01.Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

"ABR",
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at
a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate.

"Adjusted Daily
Simple SOFR" means an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple SOFR, plus (b) 0.00%; provided that if Adjusted
Daily Simple SOFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of
this Agreement.

"Adjusted Term
SOFR Rate" means, for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period,
plus (b) 0.00%; provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed
to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement.

"Administrative
Agent" means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or any of its designated branch offices or affiliates), in its capacity as administrative
agent for the Lenders hereunder, or any successor administrative agent.

"Administrative
Questionnaire" means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower or any
Lender, as the context requires.

"Affected Financial
Institution" means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

"Affiliate"
means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or
is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

"Agent-Related
Person" has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(c).

"Agreement"
has the meaning specified in introductory paragraph hereof.

"Alternate Base
Rate" means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB
Rate in effect on such day plus of 1% and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1%; provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate
for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication
time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any
change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective
from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If
the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.13 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until
the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.13(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses
(a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate
as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than zero such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.

"Ancillary Document"
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.06(b).

"Anti-Corruption
Laws" means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from
time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including, but not limited to, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977
and the UK Bribery Act 2010.

"Applicable Parties"
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(c).

"Applicable Percentage"
means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments represented by such Lender's Commitment; provided that, in
the case of Section 2.19 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, "Applicable Percentage" shall mean the percentage of the total
Commitments (disregarding any Defaulting Lender's Commitment) represented by such Lender's Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated
or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments
and to any Lender's status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination.

"Applicable Rate"
means, for any day, with respect to any ABR Loan or Term Benchmark Revolving Loan, RFR Revolving Loan or with respect to the facility
fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption "ABR Spread",
"Term Benchmark Spread", "RFR Spread" or "Facility Fee Rate", as the case may be, based upon the ratings
by Moody's and S&P, respectively, applicable on such date to the Index Debt:

Index Debt

Ratings: ABR

Spread Term Benchmark

Spread RFR Spread Facility Fee

Rate 

Category 1 > A / A2 0.000 % 0.680 % 0.680 % 0.070 %

Category 2 = A- / A3 0.000 % 0.785 % 0.785 % 0.090 %

Category 3 = BBB+ / Baa1 0.000 % 0.900 % 0.900 % 0.100 %

Category 4 = BBB / Baa2 0.000 % 1.000 % 1.000 % 0.125 %

Category 5 < BBB- / Baa3 0.050 % 1.075 % 1.075 % 0.175 %

2

For purposes of the foregoing,
(i) if either Moody's or S&P shall not have in effect a rating for the Index Debt (other than by reason of the circumstances
referred to in the last sentence of this definition), then such rating agency shall be deemed to have established a rating in Category
5; (ii) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody's and S&P for the Index Debt shall fall within
different Categories, the Applicable Rate shall be based on the higher of the two ratings unless one of the two ratings is two or more
Categories lower than the other, in which case the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the Category next below that of
the higher of the two ratings; and (iii) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody's and S&P for
the Index Debt shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of Moody's or S&P), such change shall be
effective as of the third Business Day following the date on which it is first publicly announced by the applicable rating agency, irrespective
of when notice of such change shall have been furnished by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.03 or otherwise.
Each change in the Applicable Rate shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date
immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If the rating system of Moody's or S&P shall change, or if either
such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Borrower and the Lenders shall negotiate
in good faith to amend this definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such rating agency
and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the rating most recently
in effect prior to such change or cessation.

"Approved Borrower
Portal" has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.08(a).

"Approved Electronic
Platform" has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(a).

"Approved Fund"
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.04(b).

"Assignment and
Assumption" means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose
consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including
electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent.

"Attributable Indebtedness"
means, subject to Section 1.04(b), on any date, in respect of any Capital Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would
appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP.

"Audited Financial
Statements" means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto.

3

"Availability Period"
means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of
the Commitments.

"Available Tenor"
means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or
component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that
is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making
payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for
such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of "Interest Period" pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.13.

"Bail-In Action"
means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected
Financial Institution.

"Bail-In Legislation"
means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the
Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which
is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act
2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution
of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration
or other insolvency proceedings).

"Bankruptcy Code"
means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled "Bankruptcy", as now and hereafter in effect, or any successor statute.

"Bankruptcy Event"
means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding,
or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged
with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent,
has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment
or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof; provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result
solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or
instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts
within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental
Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person.

"Benchmark"
means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan, Daily Simple SOFR or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Term SOFR Rate; provided
that if a Benchmark Transition Event, and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR or
Term SOFR Rate, as applicable, or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to
the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.13.

"Benchmark Replacement"
means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent
for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:

(1) the
Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR; or

4

(2) the
sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement
benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing
market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for dollar-denominated syndicated credit
facilities at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

If the Benchmark Replacement
as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor
for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

"Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment" means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement
for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment,
or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected
by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation
of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii)
any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread
adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for dollar-denominated syndicated
credit facilities at such time.

"Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Revolving Loan, any technical,
administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of "Alternate Base Rate," the definition of "Business
Day," the definition of "U.S. Government Securities Business Day," the definition of "Interest Period," timing
and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation
notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters)
that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such
Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice
(or, if the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively
feasible or if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists,
in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides, in its reasonable discretion, is reasonably necessary in connection
with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

"Benchmark Replacement Date"
means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark:

(1) in
the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement
or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof); or

5

(2) in
the case of clause (3) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) has been or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or component
thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof)
to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement
or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate,
any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date.

For the avoidance of doubt,
(i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect
of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination
and (ii) the "Benchmark Replacement Date" will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any
Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of
such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

"Benchmark Transition Event"
means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark:

(1) a public statement or publication
of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to
provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such
component thereof);

(2) a public statement or publication
of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation
thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component)
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component),
in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently
or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue
to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such
component thereof); or

(3) a public statement or publication
of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation
thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt,
a "Benchmark Transition Event" will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication
of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof).

6

"Benchmark Unavailability
Period" means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement
Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current
Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.13 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark
Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section
2.13.

"Beneficial Ownership
Certification" means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

"Beneficial Ownership
Regulation" means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

"Benefit Plan"
means any of (a) an "employee benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a
"plan" as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include
(for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any
such "employee benefit plan" or "plan".

"Board"
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.

"Borrower"
means O'Reilly Automotive, Inc., a Missouri corporation.

"Borrowing"
means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans,
as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, or (b) a Swingline Loan.

"Borrowing Request"
means a request by the Borrower for a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be substantially in the form
approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Borrower.

"Business Day"
means, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City; provided that, in addition to
the foregoing, a Business Day shall be any such day that is only a U.S. Government Securities Business Day (a) in relation to RFR
Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings of
such RFR Loan and (b) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements,
settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the
Adjusted Term SOFR Rate.

"Capital Lease"
has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Capital Lease Obligation.

"Capital Lease
Obligations" of any Person means, subject to Section 1.04(b), the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts
under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations
are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases or financing leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP (each,
a "Capital Lease"), and the amount of such obligations shall be determined in accordance with the defined term
"Attributable Indebtedness".

7

"Change in Law"
means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement of (a) the adoption of or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty,
(b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof
by any Governmental Authority or (c) compliance by any Lender or Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.14(b), by any lending office
of such Lender or by such Lender's or Issuing Bank's holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not
having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided that, notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines
or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or
directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar
authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall, in each case, be deemed
to be a "Change in Law," regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented.

"Change of Control"
means an event or series of events by which either of the following occur:

(a) any
"person" or "group" (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but
excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its Subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent
or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of 45% or more of the equity securities of the Borrower entitled to vote
for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Borrower on a fully-diluted basis; or

(b) occupation
of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Borrower by Persons who were neither (i) (x) directors
of the Borrower on the date of this Agreement, (y) nominated or appointed by the board of directors of the Borrower or (z) approved
by the board of directors of the Borrower for consideration by the shareholders for election nor (ii) appointed by directors so nominated,
appointed or approved.

"Charges"
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.14.

"Class"
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans
or Swingline Loans.

"CME Term SOFR
Administrator" means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight
Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator).

"Code"
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

"Commitment"
means, with respect to each Lender, the amount set forth the Commitment Schedule opposite such Lender's name, or in the Assignment and
Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code)
as provided in Section 9.04(b)(ii)(C) or in any applicable joinder agreement pursuant to Section 2.08, pursuant to which such Lender shall
have assumed or otherwise provided its Commitment, as applicable, and giving effect to (a) any reduction or increase in such amount
from time to time pursuant to 2.08 and (b) any reduction or increase in such amount from time to time pursuant to assignments by
or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04; provided, that at no time shall (a) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender
exceed its Commitment and (b) the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceed the aggregate amount of all Lenders' Commitments. The initial
aggregate amount of the Lenders' Commitments as of the Effective Date is $2,250,000,000.

8

"Commitment Schedule"
means Schedule 2.01A.

"Communications"
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(c).

"Compliance Certificate"
means the compliance certificate attached hereto in the form of Exhibit C or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.

"Connection Income
Taxes" means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise
Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

"Consolidated Adjusted
Debt" means, as of any date of determination, the sum of, without duplication, (i) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness as of
such date and (ii) the product of Consolidated Rent Expense for the period of four fiscal quarters of the Borrower ending on such date
multiplied by 5.0.

"Consolidated EBITDAR"
means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income for such
period

plus

(a) the
following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income:

(i) Consolidated
Interest Charges for such period,

(ii) Consolidated
Rent Expense for such period,

(iii) the
provision for federal, state, local and foreign income taxes payable (without giving effect to any tax credit subtracted pursuant to clause
(b)(i) below) by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period,

(iv) depreciation
and amortization expense for such period,

(v) all
non-cash items for stock based compensation and all other non-cash charges for such period,

(vi) other
non-recurring expenses of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries reducing such Consolidated Net Income during such period which do not represent
a cash item in such period or any future period, and

(vii) any
fees, expenses or charges related to any issuance of Equity Interests, investment, acquisition, Disposition, recapitalization or the incurrence
or repayment of Indebtedness not prohibited hereunder including a refinancing thereof (in each case whether or not successful) and any
amendment or modification to the terms of any such transactions, including, without limitation, such fees, expenses or charges related
to the transactions contemplated hereby to occur on the Effective Date,

minus

(b) the
following to the extent included in calculating such Consolidated Net Income:

(i) federal,
state, local and foreign income tax credits of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, and

(ii) all
non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income for such period.

9

"Consolidated Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio" means, as of any date of determination for the period of the four prior fiscal quarters of the Borrower
completed on such date, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDAR for such period to (b) the sum of (i) Consolidated Interest Charges
for such period and (ii) Consolidated Rent Expense for such period.

"Consolidated Funded
Indebtedness" means, as of any date of determination, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the
sum (without duplication) of:

(a) the
outstanding principal amount of all obligations, whether current or long-term, for borrowed money (including Obligations hereunder) and
all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments,

(b) all
purchase money Indebtedness,

(c) all
direct and indirect obligations arising under standby letters of credit, whether drawn or undrawn, bankers' acceptances, bank guaranties,
and similar instruments,

(d) Capital
Lease Obligations,

(e) without
duplication, all Guarantees with respect to outstanding Indebtedness of the types specified in clauses (a) through (d) above of Persons
other than the Borrower or any Subsidiary, and

(f) all
Indebtedness of the types referred to in clauses (a) through (e) above of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture
that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which the Borrower or a Subsidiary is a general partner or joint venturer,
unless and to the extent such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to the Borrower or such Subsidiary.

"Consolidated Interest
Charges" means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum of (a) all interest,
premium payments, debt discount, fees, charges and related expenses of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in connection with borrowed money
(including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price of assets, in each case to the extent treated as interest
in accordance with GAAP, (b) the portion of rent expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with respect to such period under Capital
Leases that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, and (c) to the extent not already included herein, Letter of Credit fees.

"Consolidated Leverage
Ratio" means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Adjusted Debt as of such date to (b) Consolidated
EBITDAR for the period of the four fiscal quarters of the Borrower completed on such date.

"Consolidated Net
Income" means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the net income of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries (excluding extraordinary gains and extraordinary losses) for that period.

"Consolidated Net
Tangible Assets" means the aggregate amount of the Borrower's assets (less applicable reserves and other properly deductible
items) and the Borrower's consolidated Subsidiaries' assets after deducting therefrom (a) all current liabilities (excluding the
sum of any debt for money borrowed having a maturity of less than twelve months from the date of the Borrower's most recent consolidated
balance sheet but which by its terms is renewable or extendable beyond twelve months from such date at the option of the borrower and,
without duplication, any current installments thereof payable within such twelve month period) and (b) all goodwill, trade names,
patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like intangibles, all as set forth on the Borrower's most recent consolidated
balance sheet and computed in accordance with GAAP.

10

"Consolidated Rent
Expense" means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, all rental expense for such
period under operating leases, but excluding rental expense related to any operating lease that has been converted to a Capital Lease.

"Contractual Obligation"
means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which
such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

"Control"
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person,
whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. "Controlling" and "Controlled"
have meanings correlative thereto.

"Corresponding Tenor" with
respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately
the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.

"Credit Party"
means the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender.

"Daily Simple SOFR"
means, for any day (a "SOFR Rate Day"), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day "SOFR
Determination Date") that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S.
Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day,
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator's Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from
and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. If by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second
(2nd) U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Date, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination
Date has not been published on the SOFR Administrator's Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR
has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government
Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website.

"Debtor Relief
Laws" means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors,
moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable
jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.

"Default"
means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or
waived, become an Event of Default.

"Defaulting Lender"
means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion
of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit
Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative
Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender's good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically
identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party
in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations
under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender's good faith determination
that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement
cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business
Days after request by a Credit Party or the Borrower, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer
of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is at the date of such certification financially able to meet such obligations)
to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided
that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party's and the Borrower's receipt
of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a
Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action.

11

"Disposition"
or "Dispose" means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (in one transaction or in a series
of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a division or otherwise) of any property by any Person (including any sale and leaseback
transaction), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable
or any rights and claims associated therewith.

"Disqualified Stock"
means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible, or for which it is exchangeable,
in each case at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other
than solely for Equity Interests that do not constitute Disqualified Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares), pursuant to a sinking
fund obligation or otherwise, (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Equity Interests that
do not constitute Disqualified Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares), in whole or in part, in each case, prior to the date that
is 91 days after the Maturity Date at the time of issuance; provided, however, that (i) only the portion of such Equity Interests which
so matures or is mandatorily redeemable, is so convertible or exchangeable or is so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior
to such date shall be deemed to be Disqualified Stock and (ii) with respect to any Equity Interests issued to any employee or to any plan
for the benefit of employees of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interests
shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employee's termination, resignation, death or
disability and if any class of Equity Interests of such Person that by its terms authorizes such Person to satisfy its obligations thereunder
by delivery of an Equity Interest that is not Disqualified Stock, such Equity Interests shall not be deemed to be Disqualified Stock.
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Stock solely because the holders thereof
have the right to require a Loan Party to repurchase such Equity Interests upon the occurrence of a change of control or an asset sale
shall not constitute Disqualified Stock.

"dollars"
or "$" refers to lawful money of the United States of America.

"EEA Financial
Institution" means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to
the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution
described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary
of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

"EEA Member Country"
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

"EEA Resolution
Authority" means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any
EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

12

"Effective Date"
means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02).

"Electronic Signature"
means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with
the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record.

"Eligible Assignee"
means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 9.04(b)(i) (subject to such consents, if any, as may
be required under Section 9.04(b)(i)).

"Environmental
Laws" means any and all federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders,
decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection
of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air
emissions and discharges to waste or public systems.

"Environmental
Liability" means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation,
fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation
of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials,
(c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e)
any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

"Equity Interests"
means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust
or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or
acquire any such equity interest.

"ERISA"
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

"ERISA Affiliate"
means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section
414(b) or (c) of the Code or Section 4001(14) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is
treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.

"ERISA Event"
means (a) any "reportable event", as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a
Plan (other than an event for which the 30 day notice period is waived); (b) the failure to satisfy the "minimum funding standard"
(as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the
Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence
by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e)
the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate
any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of
any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Plan or Multiemployer
Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower
or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of Withdrawal Liability
or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV
of ERISA.

13

"EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule" means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as
in effect from time to time.

"Event of Default"
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01.

"Excluded Taxes"
means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a
Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case,
(i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender,
its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other
Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such
Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which
(i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the
Borrower under Section 2.18(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section
2.16, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender's assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable
interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable
to such Recipient's failure to comply with Section 2.16(f) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.

"Existing Agreement"
has the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory paragraphs.

"Existing Letters
of Credit" means those letters of credit outstanding immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Agreement as described
on Schedule 1.01A.

"Existing Maturity
Date" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(a).

"Extending Lender"
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(b).

"Extension Request"
means a written request from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent requesting an extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to 2.20.

"FASB ASC"
means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board.

"FATCA"
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any
agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted
pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the
Code.

"Federal Funds
Effective Rate" means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day's federal funds transactions by depositary
institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRB's Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding
Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined
would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

"Fee Letter"
means (a) the fee letter dated as of March 31, 2025 between the Borrower and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and (b) each other fee
letter delivered by the Borrower in connection with this Agreement.

14

"Floor"
means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification,
amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as
applicable. For the avoidance of doubt the initial Floor for each of Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall be
0%.

"Foreign Lender"
means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender
that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes.

"GAAP"
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.

"Governmental Authority"
means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local,
and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government.

"Guarantee"
of or by any Person (the "guarantor") means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing
or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person (the "primary obligor") in
any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or
pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the
purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring
the owner of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement
condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or (d) as an account party
in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness; provided, that the term Guarantee
shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business.

"Hazardous Materials"
means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum
or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes
and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.

"Incremental Commitment
Increase" has the meaning specified in Section 2.08(d).

"Incremental Increase
Lender" means, at any time, any bank or other financial institution that agrees to provide any portion of any Incremental
Commitment Increase in accordance with Section 2.08.

"Indebtedness"
of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced
by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention
agreements relating to property acquired by such Person (other than customary reservations or retentions of title under agreements with
suppliers entered into in the ordinary course of business), (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price
of property or services (excluding (i) accounts payable in the ordinary course of business and, in each case, not past due for more
than ninety (90) days after the due date of such account payable, expense accruals and deferred compensation items incurred in the ordinary
course of business, (ii) unsecured obligations due to vendors under any vendor factoring line in the ordinary course of business
and (iii) any earnout obligation until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with
GAAP), (e) all Indebtedness of others secured by any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness
secured thereby has been assumed, (f) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (g) all Capital Lease Obligations
of such Person, (h) subject to the proviso below, all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in
respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of
bankers' acceptances, (j) net obligations of such Persons under Swap Agreements and (k) all obligations of such Person with
respect to Disqualified Stock, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary
liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends; provided, that Indebtedness shall not include any documentary letters
of credit or other letters of credit used by such Person for the financing of inventory in the ordinary course of business, except to
the extent such letters of credit have been drawn upon and unreimbursed. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness
of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) (except for a joint venture that is itself a
corporation or limited liability company) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person's ownership interest
in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable
therefor. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Agreement on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof
as of such date. The amount of any Capital Lease Obligations as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness
in respect thereof as of such date.

15

"Indemnified Taxes"
means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of
the Borrower or any other Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a) hereof, Other Taxes.

"Indemnitee"
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(b).

"Index Debt"
means senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower that is not guaranteed by any other Person or subject
to any other credit enhancement.

"Ineligible Institution"
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.04(b).

"Information"
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.12.

"Interest Election
Request" means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.07,
which shall be substantially in the form approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Borrower.

"Interest Payment
Date" means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the last day of each March, June, September
and December and the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, (1) each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each
calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month,
then the last day of such month) and (2) the Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest
Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period
of more than three months' duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months'
duration after the first day of such Interest Period, and the Maturity Date and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that
such Loan is required to be repaid and the Maturity Date.

"Interest Period"
means with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically
corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the
Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment), as the Borrower may elect; provided, that (i) if any Interest Period
would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next
succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business
Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically
corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of
such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(e) shall be available for
specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be
the date on which such Borrowing is made and, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of the most
recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing.

16

"IRS"
means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

"ISDA Definitions"
means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended
or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto.

"Issuing Bank"
means (a) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., PNC Bank, N.A., Truist Bank, U.S. Bank National Association, Wells Fargo
Bank, N.A., and any other Lender from time to time designated by the Borrower as an Issuing Bank, with the consent of such Lender and
the Administrative Agent (in each case, through itself or through one or its designed affiliates or branch offices), each in its capacity
as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, (b) with respect to Existing Letters of Credit, each issuer thereof and (c) in
each case, its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.05(i). Any Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one
or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term "Issuing Bank" shall include
any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference herein to the "Issuing Bank" in
connection with a Letter of Credit or other matter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issuing Bank with respect thereto.

"Laws"
means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances,
codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental
Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties,
requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having
the force of law and including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws.

"LC Disbursement"
means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit.

"LC Exposure"
means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus
(b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time.
The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time. For all purposes of
this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder
by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of
Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14
of the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may
be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms in the governing rules or laws or of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant
documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be "outstanding" and "undrawn"
in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrower and each Lender with respect to such Letter of Credit
shall remain in full force and effect until the applicable Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any
payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to such Letter of Credit.

17

"Lender Parent"
means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a Subsidiary.

"Lender-Related
Person" has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(d).

"Lenders"
means the Persons listed on the Commitment Schedule and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment
and Assumption, a joinder agreement contemplated by Section 2.08(f) or an amendment to this Agreement, in each case other than any
such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term
"Lenders" includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks.

"Letter of Credit"
means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement and shall include the Existing Letters of Credit.

"Letter of Credit
Agreement" has the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.05(b).

"Letter of Credit
Commitment" means, with respect to each Issuing Bank, the commitment of such Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder.
The initial amount of each Issuing Bank's Letter of Credit Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01C, or if an Issuing Bank has entered
into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Letter of Credit Commitment after the Effective Date, the amount set forth
for such Issuing Bank as its Letter of Credit Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent. The Letter of Credit
Commitment of an Issuing Bank may be modified from time to time by agreement between such Issuing Bank and the Borrower, and notified
to the Administrative Agent.

"Liabilities"
means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind.

"Lien"
means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge in the nature
of a security interest or other security interest in, on or of such asset and (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any
conditional sale agreement, Capital Lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic
effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset.

"Loan Documents"
means this Agreement, including schedules and exhibits hereto, each promissory note (if any) issued pursuant to this Agreement, each Guarantee
of all or any portion of the Obligations (if any) pursuant to Section 9.02(e), the letter described in clause (a) of the definition
of "Fee Letter", any agreement creating or perfecting rights in cash collateral granted pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement,
and any other agreements executed and delivered by the Borrower or any Loan Party in connection with the commercial lending facility made
available hereunder, including any amendments, modifications or supplements thereto or waivers of each of the foregoing.

"Loan Parties"
means the Borrower and each Subsidiary (if any) that provides a Guarantee of the all or any portion of the Obligations.

"Loans"
means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement.

"Material Acquisition"
means any transaction, or any series of related transactions, consummated after the Effective Date, by which the Borrower or any Subsidiary
(a) acquires any going business or all or substantially all of the assets of any Person, whether through purchase of assets, merger
or otherwise, or (b) directly or indirectly acquires (in one transaction or as the most recent transaction in a series of transactions)
at least a majority (in number of votes) of the Equity Interests of a Person which has ordinary voting power for the election of directors
or other similar management personnel of a Person (other than Equity Interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a
contingency) or a majority of the outstanding Equity Interests of a Person, with an aggregate cash and non-cash purchase price in excess
of $300,000,000.

18

"Material Adverse
Effect" means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, assets
or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the rights and remedies
of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under the Loan Documents, or of the ability of the Borrower to perform its payment or other
material obligations under this Agreement or any other material Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) a material adverse effect
upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Borrower of this Agreement or any other material Loan Document
to which it is a party.

"Material Subsidiary"
means each Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a "significant subsidiary" as defined in Regulation S-X of the Securities Act
of 1933.

"Maturity Date"
means March 31, 2030, as it may be extended pursuant to Section 2.20; provided, however, in each case, if such date is not a Business
Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day.

"Maximum Rate"
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.14.

"Moody's"
means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

"Multiemployer
Plan" means any employee benefit plan which is a "multiemployer plan" (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA)
to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has
made or been obligated to make contributions.

"Non-Consenting
Lender" means any Lender who has failed to consent to a proposed amendment, waiver, discharge or termination which pursuant
to the terms of Section 9.02 cannot become effective without the consent of such Lender and with respect to which the Required Lenders
shall have granted their consent.

"Non-Extending
Lender" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(a).

"NYFRB" means the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York.

"NYFRB Rate"
means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate
in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if
none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term "NYFRB Rate" means the rate for a federal funds
transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected
by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for
purposes of this Agreement.

"NYFRB's Website"
means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

"Obligations"
means all advances to, and debts, liabilities and obligations of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect
to any Loan or Letter of Credit, in each case whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent,
due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against
any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding,
regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding.

19

"Organization Documents"
means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive
documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of
formation or organization and operating agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business
entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing
or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the
jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity.

"Other Connection
Taxes" means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient
and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party
to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction
pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document).

"Other Taxes"
means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made
under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest
under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to
an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.18(b)).

"Overnight Bank
Funding Rate" means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions
denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB
as set forth on the NYFRB's Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight
bank funding rate.

"Participant"
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c).

"Participant Register"
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c).

"Patriot Act"
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.17.

"Payment" has the meaning
assigned to it in Section 8.06(c).

"Payment Notice"
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.06(c).

"PBGC"
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions.

"Pension Funding
Rules" means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum required contributions to Plans as set forth in Sections 412,
430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA.

20

"Permitted Encumbrances"
means:

(a)Liens for Taxes not yet due or which are being contested in good faith, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained
on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP (to the extent required by GAAP);

(b)carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics', materialmen's, landlord's, repairmen's or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course
of business which are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or which are being contested in good faith, if adequate reserves with
respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person (to the extent required by GAAP);

(c)pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers' compensation, unemployment insurance and other
social security or similar laws, regulations or legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA;

(d)easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, building code laws, zoning restrictions, encroachments and other similar encumbrances affecting
real property which do not in any case materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole;

(e)Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under clause (h) of Section 7.01;

(f)any interest or title of a licensor, sublicensor, lessor or sublessor under leases or subleases or secured by a lessor's or sublessor's
interests under licenses or leases entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;

(g)Liens in respect of the licensing of trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses
and other intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business;

(h)Liens in favor of a banking or other financial institution arising as a matter of law or in the ordinary course of business under
customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution (including the right
of set-off) and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institution's
general terms and conditions;

(i)Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods (other than fixed or capital assets) and proceeds thereof of any Person securing
such Person's obligations in respect of bankers' acceptances or letters of credit issued or created for the account of such Person to
facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods in the ordinary course of business;

(j)Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts
or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes;

(k)Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection
with the importation of goods;

(l)deposits to secure the performance of (or to secure letters of credit or letters of guarantee that secure the performance of) bids,
trade, contacts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in
each case in the ordinary course of business;

21

(m)leases or subleases, licenses or sublicenses granted in the ordinary course of business to others (other than as security for Indebtedness)
not interfering in any material respect with the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

(n)Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of
intent or purchase agreement not prohibited hereunder;

(o)Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statement or similar filings made in respect of operating leases
entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;

(p)Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto;

(q)Liens resulting from the deposit of funds into escrow or a similar arrangement or evidences of Indebtedness in trust for the sole
purpose of defeasing Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries permitted under the terms of this Agreement, provided such
Liens only extend to such assets so deposited or in trust and such Lien only applies until such defeasance;

(r)normal and customary rights of setoff upon deposits of cash in favor of banks and other depository institutions; and

(s)Liens, if any, in favor of the Issuing Bank and/or Swingline Lender to cash collateralize or otherwise secure the obligations of
a Defaulting Lender to fund risk participations hereunder;

provided that the term "Permitted
Encumbrances" shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness.

"Person"
means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental
Authority or other entity.

"Plan"
means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412
of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated,
would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an "employer" as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA or with respect
to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may otherwise have any liability.

"Plan Asset Regulations"
means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time.

"Prime Rate"
means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the "Prime Rate" in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal
ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release
H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the "bank prime loan" rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar
rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by
the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced
or quoted as being effective.

22

"Proceeding"
means any claim, litigation, investigation, action, suit, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding in
any jurisdiction.

"PTE" means a prohibited
transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.

"Recipient"
means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, as applicable.

"Reference Time"
with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time)
on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is Daily Simple
SOFR, then four U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such setting or (3) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate
or Daily Simple SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.

"Register"
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b)(iv).

"Related Parties"
means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person's Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors
of such Person and such Person's Affiliates.

"Relevant Governmental
Body" means, the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve
Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto.

"Relevant Rate"
means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing, the Adjusted
Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable.

"Required Lenders"
means, subject to Section 2.19, (a) at any time prior to the earlier of the Loans becoming due and payable pursuant to Section 7.02 or
the total Commitments terminating or expiring, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and Unfunded Commitments representing more than
50% of the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure and Unfunded Commitments at such time, provided that, solely for purposes
of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Section 7.02, the Unfunded Commitment of each Lender shall be deemed to be zero;
and (b) for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Section 7.02 or the total Commitments expire or terminate,
Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures representing more than 50% of the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure at such time; provided
that, in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above, (x) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender shall be deemed
to exclude any amount of its Swingline Exposure in excess of its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Swingline Loans, adjusted to
give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.19 of the Swingline Exposures of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and the Unfunded
Commitment of such Lender shall be determined on the basis of its Revolving Credit Exposure excluding such excess amount and (y) for the
purpose of determining the Required Lenders needed for any waiver, amendment, modification or consent of or under this Agreement or any
other Loan Document, any Lender that is the Borrower, or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Borrower shall be disregarded.

"Resolution Authority"
means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

"Response Date"
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(a).

23

"Responsible Officer"
means the chief executive officer, president, co-president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a
Loan Party, and solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01, the secretary or any assistant
secretary of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or employee of the applicable
Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that
is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted
on behalf of such Loan Party.

"Revolving Borrowing"
means a Borrowing comprised of Revolving Loans.

"Revolving Credit
Exposure" means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender's Revolving
Loans, its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure at such time.

"Revolving Loan"
means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01.

"RFR Borrowing"
means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing.

"RFR Loan"
means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR.

"S&P"
means Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC business.

"Sanctioned Country"
means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement,
the so - called Donetsk People's Republic, the so- called Luhansk People's Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea
and Syria).

"Sanctioned Person"
means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the U.S. government,
including by Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, U.S. Department of
Commerce, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, His Majesty's Treasury of the
United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any
Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b) (including, without limitation
for purposes of defining a Sanctioned Person, as ownership and control may be defined and/or established in and/or by any applicable laws,
rules, regulations, or orders) or (d) any Person otherwise the subject or target of any Sanctions.

"Sanctions"
means all economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or similar restrictions imposed, administered or enforced from time to time
by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury
or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state,
His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority.

"SEC"
means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States of America.

"SOFR"
means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

24

"SOFR Administrator"
means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

"SOFR Administrator's
Website" means the NYFRB's Website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight
financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time.

"SOFR Determination
Date" has the meaning specified in the definition of "Daily Simple SOFR".

"SOFR Rate Day"
has the meaning specified in the definition of "Daily Simple SOFR".

"Subsidiary"
of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of
the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other
than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or
the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person.
Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a "Subsidiary" or to "Subsidiaries"
shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower.

"Swap Agreement"
means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled
by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing
indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions;
provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former
directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement.

"Swap Termination
Value" means, in respect of any one or more Swap Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable
netting agreement relating to such Swap Agreements, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Agreements have been closed out
and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced
in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Agreements, as determined based upon one or more
mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Agreements (which may include a Lender
or any Affiliate of a Lender).

"Swingline Commitment"
means as to any Lender (i) the amount set forth opposite such Lender's name on Schedule 2.01B hereof or (ii) if such Lender has entered
into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Swingline Commitment after the Effective Date, the amount set forth for such
Lender as its Swingline Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.04(b)(iv).

"Swingline Exposure"
means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender
at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at
such time (excluding, in the case of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender, Swingline Loans made by it that are outstanding at such time
to the extent that the other Lenders shall not have funded their participations in such Swingline Loans), adjusted to give effect to any
reallocation under Section 2.19 of the Swingline Exposure of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and (b) in the case of any
Lender that is a Swingline Lender, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender outstanding at such time,
less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swingline Loans.

25

"Swingline Lender"
means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or any of its designed branch offices or affiliates), in its capacity as a lender of Swingline Loans
hereunder.

"Swingline Loan"
means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.04.

"Taxes"
means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees
or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

"Term Benchmark"
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest
at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate.

"Term SOFR Determination
Day" has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate.

"Term SOFR Rate"
means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference
Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable
to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator.

"Term SOFR Reference
Rate" means, for any day and time (such day, the "Term SOFR Determination Day"), with respect to
any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum
published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.
If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the "Term SOFR Reference Rate" for the applicable tenor
has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not
occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term
SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities
Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding
U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination
Day.

"Threshold Amount"
means $100,000,000.

"Total Revolving
Credit Exposure" means, at any time, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans and Swingline
Loans at such time and (b) the total LC Exposure at such time.

"Transactions"
means, collectively, any or all of the following: (a) the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement,
the borrowing of Loans, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder and the use thereof and (b) the
payment of fees and expenses related to the foregoing.

"Type",
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such
Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate.

26

"UK Financial Institutions"
means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom
Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated
by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates
of such credit institutions or investment firms.

"UK Resolution
Authority" means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution
of any UK Financial Institution.

"Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

"Unfunded Commitment"
means, with respect to each Lender, the Commitment of such Lender less its Revolving Credit Exposure.

"U.S. Government
Securities Business Day" means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes
of trading in United States government securities.

"U.S. Person"
means a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

"U.S. Tax
Compliance Certificate" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.16(f)(ii)(B)(3).

"Withdrawal Liability"
means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are
defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.

"Write-Down and
Conversion Powers" means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such
EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion
powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable
Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution
or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations
of that Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised
under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related
to or ancillary to any of those powers.

SECTION 1.02.Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class
(e.g., a "Revolving Loan") or by Type (e.g., a "Term Benchmark Loan" or an "RFR Loan") or by Class and Type
(e.g., a "Term Benchmark Revolving Loan" or an "RFR Revolving Loan"). Borrowings also may be classified and referred
to by Class (e.g., a "Revolving Borrowing") or by Type (e.g., a "Term Benchmark Borrowing" or an "RFR Borrowing")
or by Class and Type (e.g., a "Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing" or an "RFR Revolving Borrowing").

SECTION 1.03.Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally
to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine,
feminine and neuter forms. The words "include", "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed
by the phrase "without limitation". The word "will" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the
word "shall". Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or
other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented
or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference
herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person's successors and assigns, (c) the words "herein", "hereof"
and "hereunder", and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular
provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles
and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (e) any reference to any law, rule or regulation herein shall,
unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time and (f) the words
"asset" and "property" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible
and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.

27

SECTION 1.04.Accounting Terms; GAAP.

(a)Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting
or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if the Borrower notifies
the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring
after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies
the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such
notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis
of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn
or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or
financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without
giving effect to (i) any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Financial
Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary
at "fair value", as defined therein and (ii) any treatment of Indebtedness under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20
or 2015-03 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value
any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the
full stated principal amount thereof.

(b)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 1.04(a) or in the definition of "Capital Lease Obligations"
or any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from
the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ("FAS 842"),
to the extent such adoption would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital or financing
lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) would not have been required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on December 31,
2015, such lease shall not be considered a capital lease or a "Capital Lease" or "Attributable Indebtedness" (and
the obligations in respect thereof shall not be "Capital Lease Obligations"), and all calculations and ratios under this Agreement
or any other Loan Document shall be made or calculated, as applicable, in accordance therewith. For the avoidance of doubt, any lease
not classified as a capital lease or financing lease under GAAP will be treated as an operating lease for purposes of this Agreement,
including but not limited to the definition of "Consolidated Rent Expense."

28

SECTION 1.05.Pro Forma Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions. In accordance with GAAP, for each period of four fiscal quarters
ending next following the date of any acquisition or any Disposition consummated after the Effective Date, for purposes of determining
the Consolidated Leverage Ratio and Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, the consolidated results of operations of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries shall include the results of operations of the Person or assets subject to such acquisition or exclude the results of
operations of the Person or assets subject to such Disposition, as the case may be, on a historical pro forma basis to the extent information
in sufficient detail concerning such historical results of such Person or assets is reasonably available, and which amounts shall not
include any synergies resulting from such acquisition or adjustments resulting from such Disposition other than those permitted pursuant
to Regulation S-X of the SEC.

SECTION
1.06.Interest
Rates; Benchmark Notification. The interest rate on a Loan denominated in dollars may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that
may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition
Event, Section 2.13(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant
or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any
other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement
rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement
reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or
have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative
Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used
in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments
thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its
reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition
thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person
or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses
or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or
component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

SECTION 1.07.Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, the
amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the amount of such Letter of Credit available to be drawn at such time;
provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Letter of Credit Agreement related thereto,
provides for one or more automatic increases in the available amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be
the maximum amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum amount is available
to be drawn at such time.

SECTION 1.08.Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection
with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction's laws): (a) if any asset,
right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be
deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such
new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests
at such time.

29

ARTICLE II

The Credits

SECTION 2.01.Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower
from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result (after giving effect to any application
of proceeds of such Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.09) in (a) such Lender's Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender's Commitment
or (b) the Total Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the total Commitments. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans.

SECTION 2.02.Loans and Borrowings. (a) Each Revolving Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans made by
the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by
it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and
no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender's failure to make Loans as required.

(b)Subject to Section 2.13, each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Term Benchmark Loans (or,
if after the effectiveness of a Benchmark Replacement to Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, RFR Loans) as the Borrower may request in accordance
herewith. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign
branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation
of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(c)At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate
amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $3,000,000. At the time that each ABR Revolving Borrowing and/or
RFR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $3,000,000;
provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the total
Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.05(e). Each Swingline
Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $1,000,000. Borrowings of more than one Type and
Class may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of fifteen (15) Term
Benchmark Revolving Borrowings outstanding.

(d)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or
continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date.

30

SECTION 2.03.Requests for Revolving Borrowings. To request a Revolving Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent
of such request by submitting a written Borrowing Request (a) (x) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than
12:00 noon, New York City time, three U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (y) if
after the effectiveness of a Benchmark Replacement to Daily Simple SOFR, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, five U.S.
Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later
than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing; provided that any such notice of an ABR Revolving
Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.05(e) may be given not later than 10:00
a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be signed
by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower; provided that, if such Borrowing Request is submitted through an Approved Borrower Portal,
the foregoing signature requirement may be waived at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent. Each such Borrowing Request shall
specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:

(i)the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing;

(ii)the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;

(iii)whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing (or, if after the effectiveness of a Benchmark
Replacement to Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, an RFR Borrowing);

(iv)in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated
by the definition of the term "Interest Period"; and

(v)the location and number of the account or accounts to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements
of Section 2.06.

If no election as to the Type of Revolving Borrowing
is specified, then the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to
any requested Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month's
duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each
Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender's Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall
the Borrower be permitted to request pursuant to this Section 2.03 prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date
with respect to the Term SOFR Rate, an RFR Loan bearing interest based on Daily Simple SOFR (it being understood and agreed that Daily
Simple SOFR shall only apply to the extent provided in Sections 2.13(a) and 2.13(f)), as applicable.

SECTION 2.04.Swingline Loans. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, from time to time during the Availability Period,
the Swingline Lender may, but shall have no obligation to make Swingline Loans to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount at any
time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding its Swingline
Commitment, (ii) the Swingline Lender's Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding its Commitment, or (iii) the Total Revolving Credit
Exposure exceeding the total Commitments; provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to
refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower
may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans.

(b)To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall submit a written notice to the Administrative Agent by telecopy or electronic mail
(or transmit by electronic communication including an Approved Borrower Portal, if arrangements for such transmission have been approved
by the Administrative Agent) not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice
shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent, shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business
Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice
received from the Borrower. The Swingline Lender shall make its ratable portion of the requested Swingline Loan available to the Borrower
by means of a credit to an account of the Borrower with the Administrative Agent designated for such purpose (or, in the case of a Swingline
Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(e), by remittance to the Issuing Bank) by
3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan.

31

(c)The Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent require the Lenders to acquire participations in all
or a portion of its Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Lenders will
participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such
notice such Lender's Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly
upon receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent (and in any event, if such notice is received by 12:00 noon, New York City time,
on a Business Day no later than 5:00 p.m. New York City time on such Business Day and if received after 12:00 noon, New York City time,
on a Business Day shall mean no later than 10:00 a.m. New York City time on the immediately succeeding Business Day), to pay to the Administrative
Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lender's Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loans. Each Lender acknowledges
and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional
and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination
of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each
Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner
as provided in Section 2.06 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.06 shall apply, mutatis mutandis,
to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received
by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant
to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the
Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect
of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted
to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent
to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may
appear; provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable,
if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline
Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof.

(d)The Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced
Swingline Lender and the successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the
Swingline Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid interest accrued for the
account of the replaced Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a). From and after the effective date of any such replacement,
(x) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement
with respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (y) references herein to the term "Swingline Lender" shall be deemed
to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context
shall require. After the replacement of the Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and
shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made
by it prior to its replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans.

32

(e)Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Swingline Lender, any Swingline Lender may resign as a Swingline Lender
at any time upon thirty days' prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such Swingline
Lender shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.04(d) above.

SECTION 2.05.Letters of Credit. (a) General. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request any
Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit as the applicant thereof for the support of its or its Subsidiaries' obligations, in a form reasonably
acceptable to such Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period.

(b)Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Extension; Certain Conditions. To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment
or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication,
including an Approved Borrower Portal, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the respective Issuing Bank) to an Issuing Bank
selected by it and to the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment or extension, but in
any event no less than three Business Days unless the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank shall otherwise agree) a written
notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended or extended, and specifying the
date of issuance, amendment or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which
shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof
and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend or extend such Letter of Credit. In addition, as a condition to any
such Letter of Credit issuance, the Borrower shall have entered into a continuing agreement (or other letter of credit agreement) for
the issuance of letters of credit and/or shall submit a letter of credit application, in each case, as required by the respective Issuing
Bank and using such Issuing Bank's standard form (each, a "Letter of Credit Agreement"). In the event of any inconsistency
between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any Letter of Credit Agreement, the terms and conditions
of this Agreement shall control. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment or extension
of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment
or extension (i) (x) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank at such time plus
(y) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements made by such Issuing Bank that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower
at such time shall not exceed its Letter of Credit Commitment, (ii) the LC Exposure shall not exceed the total Letter of Credit Commitments,
and (iii) no Lender's Revolving Credit Exposure shall exceed its Commitment. The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, reduce
the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank with the consent of such Issuing Bank; provided that the Borrower shall not
reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank if, after giving effect of such reduction, the conditions set forth in clauses
(i) through (iii) above shall not be satisfied.

An Issuing Bank shall
not be under any obligation to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit if:

(i)any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such
Issuing Bank from issuing, amending or extending such Letter of Credit, or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from issuing, amending
or extension such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, the issuance, amendment or extension of
letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter
of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in
effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense that was not applicable on
the Effective Date and that such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it; or

33

(ii)the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable
to letters of credit generally.

(c)Expiration Date. Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination by notice from the applicable Issuing
Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date two years after the date
of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any extension of the expiration date thereof, one year after such extension)
and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date; provided, that notwithstanding clause (ii) above,
to the extent the Borrower has entered into arrangements reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the relevant Issuing Bank
to cash collateralize the outstanding amount of such Letter of Credit or backstop such Letter of Credit on the later of (x) the date
of issuance of such Letter of Credit and (y) the fifth Business Day prior to the Maturity Date, then a Letter of Credit may expire
after the Maturity Date but no later than one year after the Maturity Date.

(d)Participations. By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof)
and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Lenders, such Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender,
and each Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender's Applicable Percentage
of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each
Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Issuing Bank,
such Lender's Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due
as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason,
including after the Maturity Date. Each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever.
Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters
of Credit and to make payments in respect of such acquired participations are is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected
by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default
or reduction or termination of the Commitments.

34

(e)Reimbursement. If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse
such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 12:00 noon, New York
City time, on the date such LC Disbursement is made, if the Borrower shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10:00
a.m., New York City time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Borrower prior to such time on such date,
then not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives
such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt; provided that the Borrower may, subject to
the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.04 that such payment be financed with an ABR Revolving
Borrowing or Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower's obligation to make such payment shall
be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan. If the Borrower fails to make such payment
when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower
in respect thereof and such Lender's Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall
pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in
Section 2.06 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.06 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of
the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the respective Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. 
Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative
Agent shall distribute such payment to the respective Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this
paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment
made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Revolving
Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse
such LC Disbursement.

(f)Obligations Absolute. The Borrower's obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this
Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit,
any Letter of Credit Agreement or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under
a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any
respect, (iii) payment by the respective Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document
that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not
similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or
provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower's obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor any Issuing
Bank, nor any of their respective Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance
or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances
referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft,
notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder),
any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of
the respective Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse an Issuing Bank from liability to the
Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of
which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing
Bank's failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the
terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an Issuing
Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such
determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents
presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, an Issuing Bank may, in its
sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any
notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance
with the terms of such Letter of Credit.

35

(g)Disbursement Procedures. The Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit shall, within the time allowed by applicable law or the
specific terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment
under such Letter of Credit. Such Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower
by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic mail) of such demand for payment if such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement
thereunder; provided that such notice need not be given prior to payment by the Issuing Bank and any failure to give or delay in
giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any
such LC Disbursement.

(h)Interim Interest. If the Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower
shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest,
for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the reimbursement is due and payable
at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans and such interest shall be due and payable on the date when such
reimbursement is payable; provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e)
of this Section, then Section 2.12(d) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of such
Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to
reimburse such Issuing Bank for such LC Disbursement shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment.

(i)Replacement and Resignation of the Issuing Bank. (i) An Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among
the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify
the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay
all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.11(b). From and after the effective date
of any such replacement, (x) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement
with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by it thereafter and (y) references herein to the term "Issuing Bank" shall
be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context
shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue
to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to
such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit or extend or otherwise amend any existing Letter of
Credit.

(ii)Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank, any Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time
upon thirty days' prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such resigning Issuing
Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.05(i)(i) above.

(j)Cash Collateralization. If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives
notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with LC Exposure
representing greater than 50% of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower
shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders
(the "Collateral Account"), an amount in cash equal to the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest
thereon; provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall
become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect
to the Borrower described in Section 7.01(f) or (g). Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment
and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. In addition, and without limiting the foregoing or paragraph (c)
of this Section, if any LC Exposure remains outstanding with respect to any Letter of Credit after the expiration date for such Letter
of Credit specified in said paragraph (c), unless the Borrower has entered into arrangements to cash collateralize the outstanding
amount of such Letter of Credit or backstop such Letter of Credit as set forth in the proviso to said paragraph (c), the Borrower shall
promptly (and in any event within one Business Day) after notice from the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank deposit
into the Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to such LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon.

36

The Administrative
Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other than any interest
earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent
and at the Borrower's risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall
accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse each Issuing Bank for LC
Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed, together with related fees, costs and customary processing charges, and, to the extent
not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or,
if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50%
of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Obligations. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral
hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned
to the Borrower within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived.

(k)Letters of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding
hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, or states that a Subsidiary is the "account party,"
"applicant," "customer," "instructing party," or the like of or for such Letter of Credit, and without derogating
from any rights of the applicable Issuing Bank (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in
respect of such Letter of Credit, the Borrower (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for
such Letter of Credit (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for
the account of the Borrower and (ii) irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or
surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges
that the issuance of such Letters of Credit for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower's business
derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries.

SECTION 2.06.Funding of Borrowings. (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof solely
by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 12:00 noon, New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most
recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders; provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in
Section 2.04. Except in respect of the provisions of this Agreement covering the reimbursement of Letters of Credit, the Administrative
Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the funds so received in the aforesaid account of the Administrative
Agent to an account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent in New York City designated by the Borrower in the applicable
Borrowing Request; provided that ABR Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in
Section 2.05(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank.

37

(b)Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such
Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender's share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume
that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance
upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share
of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay
to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date
such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case
of such Lender, the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules
on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If such Lender pays
such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender's Loan included in such Borrowing.

SECTION 2.07.Interest Elections. (a) Each Revolving Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request
and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request.
Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term
Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different
options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among
the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing.
This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued.

(b)To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by the time that
a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Revolving Borrowing of the Type resulting
from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall
be signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower; provided that, if such Interest Election Request is submitted through an Approved
Borrower Portal, the foregoing signature requirement may be waived at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent.

(c)Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:

(i)the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different
portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant
to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing);

38

(ii)the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;

(iii)whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing (or, if after the effectiveness of
a Benchmark Replacement to Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, an RFR Borrowing); and

(iv)if the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such
election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term "Interest Period".

If any such Interest Election Request requests
a Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period
of one month's duration.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall
the Borrower be permitted to request pursuant to this Section 2.07(c) prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement
Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate, an RFR Loan bearing interest based on Daily Simple SOFR (it being understood and agreed that
Daily Simple SOFR shall only apply to the extent provided in Sections 2.13(a) and 2.13(f)), as applicable.

(d)Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof
and of such Lender's portion of each resulting Borrowing.

(e)If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing prior
to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest
Period such Borrowing shall be deemed to have an Interest Period that is one month's duration. Notwithstanding any contrary provision
hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so
notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Revolving Borrowing may be converted
to or continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing (or, if after the effectiveness
of a Benchmark Replacement to Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, each RFR Borrowing) shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of
the Interest Period applicable thereto (if any, or immediately if otherwise).

SECTION 2.08.Termination and Reduction of Commitments; Increase in Commitments. (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall
terminate on the Maturity Date.

(b)The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce (without premium or penalty), the Commitments; provided
that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $5,000,000 and not less than $25,000,000
and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans
in accordance with Section 2.10, the Total Revolving Credit Exposures would exceed the total Commitments.

(c)The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b)
of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election
and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents
thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination
of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities
or any other transaction, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior
to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent.
Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments.

39

(d)Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), the Borrower
may from time to time, request an increase in the aggregate Commitments by an amount (for all such requests) not exceeding $900,000,000
(each such increase, an "Incremental Commitment Increase"); provided that (i) the aggregate Commitments
shall not exceed $3,150,000,000 at any time, and (ii) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of $20,000,000
(unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent). At the time of sending such notice, the Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative
Agent) shall specify the time period within which each applicable Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than
ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders (unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent)); provided,
however, no Lender shall incur any liability for not responding within such time period.

(e)Each applicable Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to increase its Commitment
and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Applicable Percentage of such requested increase. Any Lender
not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment.

(f)The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and each Lender of the Lenders' responses to each request made hereunder. To
achieve the full amount of a requested increase and subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank (which approvals
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), the Borrower may also, concurrently with the notice provided pursuant to
Section 2.08(d) or at any time thereafter on or prior to such Increase Effective Date (as defined below), invite additional Eligible Assignees
to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower.

(g)If the aggregate Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall determine
the effective date (the "Increase Effective Date") and the final allocation of such increase. The Administrative
Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date. Subject
to Section 2.15, on each Increase Effective Date, each Lender, immediately prior to all Incremental Commitment Increases occurring on
such Increase Effective Date, will automatically and without further action be deemed to have assigned to each Incremental Increase Lender
providing a portion of the Incremental Commitment Increase on such Increase Effective Date and each such Incremental Increase Lender will
automatically and without further action be deemed to have assumed, a portion of such Lender's participations hereunder in outstanding
Letters of Credit such that, after giving effect to each such deemed assignment and assumption of participations, each Lender (including
each Incremental Increase Lender) shall hold its pro rata share of the participations hereunder in Letters of Credit.

(h)As a condition precedent to such increase, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party
dated as of the Increase Effective Date (for distribution to each Lender) signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (x) certifying
and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (y) in the case of the Borrower,
certifying that, immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations and warranties
contained in Article III are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the on and as of the Increase Effective Date
(it being understood and agreed that any representation which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true
and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, and that any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality
qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects), and (B) no Default exists. The Borrower shall prepay any Revolving
Loans outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.15) to the extent necessary
to keep the outstanding Revolving Loans ratable with any revised Applicable Percentages arising from any nonratable increase in the Commitments
under this Section.

40

(i)This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.17 or 9.02 to the contrary. In connection with any Incremental Commitment
Increase, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may, without the consent of any Lenders, effect such amendments to any Loan Documents
as may be necessary or appropriate to effect the provisions of this Section 2.08.

SECTION 2.09.Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt. (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative
Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan on the Maturity Date, and (ii) to the
Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of
the Maturity Date and the 10th Business Day after such Swingline Loan is made; provided that on each date that a Revolving
Borrowing is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding and the proceeds of any such Borrowing shall be applied
by the Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline Loans outstanding.

(b)Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower
to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such
Lender from time to time hereunder.

(c)The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the
Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or
to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative
Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender's share thereof.

(d)The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie
evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein (absent manifest error); provided that the failure of
any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of
the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(e)Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute
and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered
assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon
shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form.

41

SECTION 2.10.Prepayment of Loans. (a) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in
whole or in part, without premium or penalty but subject to Section 2.15, subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (b)
of this Section.

(b)The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of Swingline Loans, the Swingline Lender) by
telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic communication, including an Approved Borrower Portal, if arrangements for doing so have
been approved by the Administrative Agent and, if relevant, the Swingline Lender) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of
prepayment of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing (or, if after the effectiveness of a Benchmark Replacement to Adjusted Daily Simple
SOFR, an RFR Revolving Borrowing), not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment,
(ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Revolving Borrowing, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, one Business
Day before the date of prepayment or (iii) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 1:00 p.m., New York
City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount
of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional
notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.08, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice
of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.08. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Revolving
Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing
shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02.
Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be
accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.12 and shall be subject to the requirements of Section 2.15 relating
to any break funding payments.

SECTION 2.11.Fees. (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender (subject to Section 2.19(a))
a facility fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the daily amount of the Commitment of such Lender (whether used or unused)
during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates; provided
that, if such Lender continues to have any Revolving Credit Exposure after its Commitment terminates, then such facility fee shall continue
to accrue on the daily amount of such Lender's Revolving Credit Exposure from and including the date on which its Commitment terminates
to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Revolving Credit Exposure. Facility fees accrued through and including
the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth day following such last
day and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof; provided
that any facility fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All facility fees shall
be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but
excluding the last day).

(b)The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect
to its participations in each outstanding Letter of Credit, which shall accrue on the daily maximum amount then available to be drawn
under such Letter of Credit at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Revolving Loans,
during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender's Commitment terminates
and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to each Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee
with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.125% per annum on the daily
maximum amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit, during the period from and including the Effective Date to but
excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure with respect
to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, as well as such Issuing Bank's standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment
or extension of any Letter of Credit and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such Issuing Bank relating to
the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank as from time to time in effect. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through
and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth day following such last
day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date; provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date
on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand.
Any other fees payable to an Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within 10 days after demand (accompanied by
reasonable back-up documentation relating thereto). All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year
of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).

42

(c)The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately
agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

(d)All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in dollars in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent
(or to an Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of facility fees and participation fees, to the
Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances.

SECTION 2.12.Interest. (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate
Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate.

(b)The Loans comprising each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Loan at the Adjusted
Term SOFR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate
per annum equal to the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate.

(c)Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder
is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well
as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to 2% plus the rate otherwise applicable thereto.

(d)Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and, in the case of Revolving
Loans, upon termination of the Commitments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall
be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving
Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the
date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Revolving Loan prior to the end
of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion.

(e)Interest computed by reference to the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR and the Alternate Base Rate (except when based on the
Prime Rate) hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days. Interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate
only at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days
in a leap year). In each case interest shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the
last day). All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan
as of the applicable date of determination. A determination of the applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Term SOFR
Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be
conclusive absent manifest error.

43

SECTION 2.13.Alternate Rate of Interest. (a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 2.13, if:

(i)the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement
of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term
SOFR Rate (including because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for such Interest Period
or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR; or

(ii)the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term
Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders
(or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period or (B) at any time,
Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their
Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing;

then the Administrative Agent
shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter
and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer
exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms
of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, any Interest Election Request that requests the
conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing
Request that requests a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request,
as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.13(a)(i) or (ii)
above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 2.13(a)(i) or (ii) above; provided
that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall
be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower's receipt of the notice from
the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.13(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or
RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice
no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with
the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the
last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR
Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.13(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if
the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 2.13(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day.

44

(b)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Swap Agreement shall be deemed not to be
a "Loan Document" for purposes of this Section), if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement
is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of "Benchmark Replacement" for such Benchmark Replacement Date,
such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark
setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement
or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of "Benchmark
Replacement" for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder
and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business
Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent
of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written
notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders.

(c)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to
make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan
Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or
consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(d)The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event,
(ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the
removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark
Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender
(or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.13, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection,
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other
party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.13.

(e)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation
of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any
tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected
by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark
has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative,
then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of "Interest Period" for any Benchmark settings at or after such time
to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is
subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is
no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement),
then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of "Interest Period" for all Benchmark settings at or after such time
to reinstate such previously removed tenor.

45

(f)Upon the Borrower's receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request
for (i) a Term Benchmark Borrowing, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued or (ii) a
RFR Borrowing or conversion to RFR Loans, during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to
have converted any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing, as applicable, into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion
to (A) solely with respect to any such request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple
SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a
Benchmark Transition Event. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not
an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not
be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower's
receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark
Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.13, any Term Benchmark Loan
shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute,
(x) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if
the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day.

SECTION 2.14.Increased Costs. (a) If any Change in Law shall:

(i)impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan
requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any
Lender or Issuing Bank;

(ii)impose on any Lender or Issuing Bank or the applicable offshore interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than
Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; or

(iii)subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition
of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations,
or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto;

and the result of any of the foregoing
shall be to increase the cost to such Lender, Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any
Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other
Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by
such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower promptly
following request by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such Recipient (accompanied by reasonable back-up calculations) will pay to such
Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender,
such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered; provided
that such Lender, Issuing Bank or other Recipient shall only be entitled to seek such additional amounts if such Lender, Issuing Bank
or other Recipient is generally seeking the payment of similar additional amounts from similarly situated borrowers in comparable credit
facilities to the extent it is entitled to do so.

46

(b)If any Lender or Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the
effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender's or the Issuing Bank's capital or on the capital of such Lender's or Issuing Bank's
holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such
Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender's
or Issuing Bank's holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender's or Issuing Bank's
policies and the policies of such Lender's or Issuing Bank's holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from
time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate
such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender's or Issuing Bank's holding company for any such reduction suffered.

(c)A certificate of a Lender or Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank
or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to
the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the
amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.

(d)Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute
a waiver of such Lender's or Issuing Bank's right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required
to compensate a Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days
prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such
increased costs or reductions and of such Lender's or Issuing Bank's intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further
that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above
shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.

SECTION 2.15.Break Funding Payments.

(a)In the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period
applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the conversion
of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the failure to borrow, convert,
continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice
may be revoked under Section 2.10(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (iv) the assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan other
than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18, then,
in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event (but not lost profits).
A certificate of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant
to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender
the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. The Borrower shall not be required to compensate
a Lender pursuant to this Section for any loss, cost or expense incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies
the Borrower of such loss, cost or expense and of such Lender's intention to claim compensation therefor.

47

(b)With respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment
Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the
failure to borrow or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice
may be revoked under Section 2.10(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on
the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18, then, in any such event,
the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event (but not lost profits). A certificate
of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall
be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due
on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. The Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this
Section for any loss, cost or expense incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of such loss,
cost or expense and of such Lender's intention to claim compensation therefor.

SECTION 2.16.Tax Matters.

(a)Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any other Loan Party
under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable
law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from
any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding
and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and,
if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so
that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable
under this Section 2.16) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or
withholding been made.

(b)Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. The Borrower and any other Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental
Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, Other
Taxes.

(c)Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower or any other Loan Party to a Governmental
Authority pursuant to this Section 2.16, the Borrower or such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified
copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other
evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(d)Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower and any other Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient,
within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted
on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.16) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted
from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified
Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment
or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own
behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

48

(e)Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after
demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already
indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower and any other Loan
Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender's failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the
maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid
by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto,
whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the
amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each
Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any
Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative
Agent under this paragraph (e).

(f)Status of Lenders. (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to
payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested
by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or
the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition,
any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by
applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent
to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation
set forth in Section 2.16(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender's reasonable judgment such completion,
execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal
or commercial position of such Lender.

(ii)Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,

(A)any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such
Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax;

49

(B)any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in
such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under
this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of
the following is applicable:

(1)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect
to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from,
or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the "interest" article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to
any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption
from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the "business profits" or "other income" article of
such tax treaty;

(2)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed
copy of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code,
(x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 (or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent) to the effect that
such Foreign Lender is not a "bank" within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a "10 percent shareholder"
of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, or a "controlled foreign corporation" described in Section
881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a "U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate") and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or
IRS Form W-8BEN;

(4)to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI,
IRS Form W-8BEN-E, IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2 (or any other form approved
by the Administrative Agent) or Exhibit B-3 (or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent), IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification
documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct
or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax
Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-4 (or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent) on behalf of
each such direct and indirect partner;

(C)any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in
such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under
this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies
of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax,
duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

50

(D)if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such
Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b)
of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by
law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable
law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower
or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA
and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender's obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold
from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), "FATCA" shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date
of this Agreement.

Each Lender agrees
that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such
form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

(g)Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received
a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.16 (including by the payment of additional amounts
pursuant to this Section 2.16), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity
payments made under this Section 2.16 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including
Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect
to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount
paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority)
in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant
to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified
party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise
imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not
be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it
deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.

(h)Survival. Each party's obligations under this Section 2.16 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative
Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction
or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.

(i)Defined Terms. For purposes of this Section 2.16, the term "Lender" includes any Issuing Bank
and the term "applicable law" includes FATCA.

51

SECTION 2.17.Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs. (a) The Borrower shall make each payment or prepayment required
to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.14,
2.15 or 2.16, or otherwise) prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date when due or the date fixed for any prepayment hereunder,
in immediately available funds, without set off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion
of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day solely for purposes of calculating interest
thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its applicable office or offices as described in the Administrative
Questionnaire provided by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower from time to time, except payments to be made directly to the Issuing
Banks or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 9.03 shall
be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account
of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that
is not a Business Day, unless otherwise expressly provided hereunder, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business
Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments
hereunder shall be made in dollars.

(b)If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal,
unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest
and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to
such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the
parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties.

(c)If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal
of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving
payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans
and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall
purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of
other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with
the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and
Swingline Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise
thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest,
and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and
in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale
of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower
or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing
and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing
arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such
Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.

(d)Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received, prior to any date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent
for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks pursuant to the terms hereof or any other Loan Document (including any date that is
fixed for prepayment by notice from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.10(b)), notice from the Borrower that
the Borrower will not make such payment or prepayment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on
such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case
may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks,
as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender
or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the
date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the NYFRB Rate.

52

SECTION 2.18.Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.14, or
if the Borrower or any other Loan Party is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental
Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different
lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices,
branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts
payable pursuant to Sections 2.14 or 2.16, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed
cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and
expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.

(b)If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.14, or if the Borrower or any other Loan Party is required to pay any
Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16,
or if any Lender is a Non-Extending Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, or if any Lender becomes Defaulting Lender, or if any other circumstance
exists hereunder that gives the Borrower the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
then the Borrower or such Loan Party may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require
such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04),
all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 2.14 or 2.16) and obligations under this Agreement
to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided
that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and if a Commitment is being assigned,
the Issuing Banks and Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided, that
no such consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required in connection with any assignment resulting from a claim under Section 2.20
to any Eligible Assignee, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans
and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it
hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case
of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.14
or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.16, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments.
A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or
otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees
that (i) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower,
the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference
pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (ii) the Lender
required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have
consented to be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such
assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable
Lender; provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto.

53

SECTION 2.19.Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting
Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender:

(a)fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.11;

(b)any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting
Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 7.03 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from
a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as
follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second,
to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender hereunder; third,
to cash collateralize LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section; fourth, as the Borrower
may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender
has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined
by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting
Lender's potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize future LC Exposure
with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section;
sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court
of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of
such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; seventh, so long as no Default
or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction
obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement
or under any other Loan Document; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction;
provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting
Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time
when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and
LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC
Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrower's obligations
corresponding to such Defaulting Lender's LC Exposure and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments
without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are
applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid
to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto;

54

(c)the Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required
Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to
Section 9.02); provided that this clause (c) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver
or other modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each Lender affected thereby;

(d)if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then:

(i)all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than, in the case of a Defaulting Lender
that is a Swingline Lender, the portion of such Swingline Exposure referred to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) shall be
reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that such
reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such non-Defaulting Lender's Revolving Credit Exposure to exceed its Commitment;

(ii)if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within one Business
Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second, cash collateralize for the
benefit of the Issuing Bank only the Borrower's obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender's LC Exposure (after giving effect
to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05(j) for so long
as such LC Exposure is outstanding;

(iii)if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender's LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower
shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.11(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender's
LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender's LC Exposure is cash collateralized;

(iv)if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders
pursuant to Section 2.11(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders' Applicable Percentages; and

(v)if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender's LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause
(i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all facility fees
that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lender's Commitment
that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.11(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender's
LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and/or cash collateralized;
and

(e)so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing
Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the
Defaulting Lender's then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100% covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral
will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.19(c), and Swingline Exposure related to any newly made Swingline Loan or
LC Exposure related to any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent
with Section 2.19(d)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein).

55

If (i) a Bankruptcy Event
or a Bail-In Action with respect to a Lender Parent shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue
or (ii) the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under
one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline
Loan and the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or the Issuing
Bank, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, satisfactory to the Swingline Lender
or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder.

In the event that the Administrative
Agent, the Borrower, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank each agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters
that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect
the inclusion of such Lender's Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other
than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance
with its Applicable Percentage.

SECTION 2.20.Extension Option.

(a)The Borrower may, by delivering an Extension Request to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly deliver a copy to each of
the Lenders), not less than 30 days in advance of the Maturity Date in effect at such time (the "Existing Maturity Date"),
request that the Lenders extend the Existing Maturity Date to the first anniversary of such Existing Maturity Date. Each Lender, acting
in its sole discretion, shall, by written notice to the Administrative Agent given not later than a date determined by the Administrative
Agent and the Borrower (the "Response Date"), advise the Administrative Agent in writing whether or not such Lender
agrees to the requested extension. Each Lender that advises the Administrative Agent that it will not extend the Existing Maturity Date
is referred to herein as a "Non-Extending Lender"; provided, that any Lender that does not advise the Administrative
Agent of its consent to such requested extension by the Response Date and any Lender that is a Defaulting Lender on the Response Date
shall be deemed to be a Non-Extending Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower, in writing, of the Lenders' elections
promptly following the Response Date. The election of any Lender to agree to such an extension shall not obligate any other Lender to
so agree. The Maturity Date may be extended no more than two times pursuant to this Section 2.20.

(b)(i) If, by the Response Date, Lenders holding Commitments that aggregate 50% or more of the total Commitments shall constitute
Non-Extending Lenders (with Commitments that have not been assigned to a Replacement Lender), then the Existing Maturity Date shall not
be extended and the outstanding principal balance of all Loans and other amounts payable hereunder shall be payable, and the Commitments
shall terminate, on the Existing Maturity Date in effect prior to such extension. (ii) If (and only if), by the Response Date, Lenders
(including any Replacement Lenders) holding Commitments that aggregate more than 50% of the total Commitments shall have agreed to extend
the Existing Maturity Date (each such consenting Lender, an "Extending Lender"), then effective as of the Existing
Maturity Date, the Maturity Date for such Extending Lenders shall be extended to the first anniversary of the Existing Maturity Date (subject
to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.20(d)). In the event of such extension, the Commitment of each Non-Extending
Lender shall terminate on the Existing Maturity Date in effect for such Non-Extending Lender prior to such extension and the outstanding
principal balance of all Loans and other amounts payable hereunder to such Non-Extending Lender shall become due and payable on such Existing
Maturity Date and, subject to Section 2.21(c) below, the total Commitments hereunder shall be reduced by the Commitments of the Non-Extending
Lenders so terminated on such Existing Maturity Date.

56

(c)In the event of any extension of the Existing Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.20(b)(ii), the Borrower shall have the right
on or before the Existing Maturity Date, at its own expense, to require any Non-Extending Lender to transfer and assign without recourse
(in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04) all its interests, rights (other than its rights to payments
pursuant to Section 2.14, Section 2.15, Section 2.16 or Section 9.03 arising prior to the effectiveness of such assignment) and obligations
under this Agreement to one or more banks or other financial institutions identified to the Non-Extending Lender by the Borrower, which
may include any existing Lender (each a "Replacement Lender"); provided that (i) such Replacement Lender,
if not already a Lender hereunder, shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank (such approvals
to not be unreasonably withheld) to the extent the consent of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Banks would be required to effect
an assignment under Section 9.04(b), (ii) such assignment shall become effective as of a date specified by the Borrower (which shall not
be later than the Existing Maturity Date in effect for such Non-Extending Lender prior to the effective date of the requested extension)
and (iii) the Replacement Lender shall pay to such Non-Extending Lender in immediately available funds on the effective date of such assignment
the principal of and interest accrued to the date of payment on the outstanding principal amount Loans made by it hereunder and all other
amounts accrued and unpaid for its account or otherwise owed to it hereunder on such date.

(d)As a condition precedent to each such extension of the Existing Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.20(b)(ii), the Borrower shall
(i) deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of the Borrower dated as of the Existing Maturity Date signed by a Responsible Officer
of the Borrower certifying that, as of such date, both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such extension, (A) the
representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as
of the date of such extension (it being understood and agreed that any representation which by its terms is made as of a specified date
shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, and that any representation or warranty
which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects) and (B) no Default shall have
occurred and be continuing and (ii) if and to the extent applicable, first make such prepayments of the outstanding Loans and second provide
such cash collateral (or make such other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank) with respect to the outstanding
Letters of Credit as shall be required such that, after giving effect to the termination of the Commitments of the Non-Extending Lenders
pursuant to Section 2.20(b) and any assignment pursuant to Section 2.20(c), the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure less the face amount
of any Letter of Credit supported by any such cash collateral (or other reasonably satisfactory arrangements) so provided does not exceed
the aggregate amount of Commitments being extended.

(e)For the avoidance of doubt, (i) no consent of any Lender (other than the existing Lenders participating in the extension of the
Existing Maturity Date) shall be required for any extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to this Section 2.20 and (ii) the operation
of this Section 2.20 in accordance with its terms is not an amendment subject to Section 9.02.

57

ARTICLE III

Representations
and Warranties

The Borrower represents and
warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that:

SECTION 3.01.Existence, Qualification and Power. Each Loan Party and each Material Subsidiary (a) is duly organized or formed, validly
existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all
requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is
duly qualified and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where the conduct of its business requires such
qualification; except in each case referred to in clause (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.02.Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which
such Person is party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene
the terms of any of such Person's Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation
of any Lien under (other than Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents) (i) any material Contractual Obligation to which such
Person is a party or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such
Person or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Law except, in the case of clauses (b) and (c), to the extent such conflict,
breach, payment, contravention, creation, requirement or violation could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.03.Governmental Authorization; Other Consents. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice
to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery
or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except (a) as have been obtained
or made or (b) such approval, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings that, if not obtained or
made, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.04.Binding Effect. This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed
and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will
constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party that is a party thereto, enforceable against each Loan Party that
is a party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws
affecting creditors' rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law.

SECTION 3.05.Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect. (a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with
GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (ii) fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations
for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise
expressly noted therein.

(b)Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate,
that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations,
business, assets or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

58

SECTION 3.06.Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened
in writing, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
that (a) challenge the validity or enforceability of any material provision of this Agreement, or (b) either individually or in the
aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.07.Environmental Compliance. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has failed to comply with any Environmental Law
or has received notice with respect to any claim alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law,
except that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.08.Taxes. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all federal and state and other material tax returns and reports required
to be filed, and have paid all federal, state and other material Taxes levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets
otherwise due and payable, except (a) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate
reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP (to the extent required by GAAP) or (b) where failure to do any of the foregoing could
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.09.ERISA Compliance.

(a)Each Plan is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state laws, except to the extent
that noncompliance could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Each Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter
(or an opinion letter upon which the Borrower is entitled to rely) from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that the form of such
Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the Internal Revenue
Service; and to the knowledge of the Borrower, nothing has occurred that would prevent or cause the loss of such tax-qualified status.

(c)There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental
Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited
transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(d)Except, in each case, as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in liability to the Borrower
or any ERISA Affiliate in excess of the Threshold Amount, (i) no ERISA Event has occurred, and neither the Borrower nor, to the Borrower's
knowledge, any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to constitute or result in
an ERISA Event with respect to any Plan; (ii) the Borrower and each ERISA Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the
Pension Funding Rules in respect of each Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the Pension Funding Rules has been
applied for or obtained; (iii) as of the most recent valuation date for any Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined
in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is 60% or higher and neither the Borrower nor, to the Borrower's knowledge, any ERISA Affiliate knows
of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage for any such plan to
drop below 60% as of the most recent valuation date; (iv) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability
to the PBGC other than for the payment of premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA; (v) neither the Borrower
nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA; and (vi) no
Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof nor by the PBGC, and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, no event or circumstance
has occurred or exists that could reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate
any Plan.

59

SECTION 3.10.Investment Company Act. None of the Borrower or any Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an "investment
company" under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

SECTION 3.11.Disclosure.

(a)All reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information (other than any financial projections, budgets, estimates
and other forecasts and other forward looking information and information of a general economic or general industry nature) furnished
by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the obtaining of the Loans and Commitments,
and the negotiation and syndication of the Loans and Commitments under this Agreement, as and when furnished and taken as a whole, are
correct in all material respects and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading (after giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto); provided
that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based
upon assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable at the time (after giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto)
(it being understood that any such projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, that no assurance can be
given that any particular projection will be realized and that actual results during the period or periods covered by any such projections
may differ materially from the projected results).

(b)As of the Effective Date, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in any Beneficial Ownership Certification
provided on or prior to the Effective Date to any Lender in connection with the closing and effectiveness of this Agreement on the Effective
Date is true and correct in all material respects.

SECTION 3.12.Federal Reserve Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit has been used or will be used, whether
directly or indirectly, for "purchasing" or "carrying" any "margin stock" (within the respective meanings
of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U of the Board as now and from time to time hereafter in effect) in a manner or in circumstances
that would constitute or result in non-compliance by any Loan Party or any Lender with the provisions of Regulations U, T or X of the
Board. If requested by any Lender or the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will furnish to such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as
applicable, a statement to the foregoing effect in conformity with the requirements of FR Form U-1 referred to in said Regulation U.

SECTION 3.13.Compliance with Laws. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements
of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a)
such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, or (b) the failure
to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.14.Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed
to promote compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption
Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors and to the knowledge of
the Borrower its employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects and
are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in the Borrower being designated as a Sanctioned
Person. None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or to the knowledge of the Borrower or such Subsidiary any of their respective directors,
officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any
capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of
Credit or use of proceeds thereof contemplated by this Agreement will violate any Anti-Corruption Law or applicable Sanctions.

60

SECTION 3.15.Affected Financial Institutions. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution.

SECTION 3.16.Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions. None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold "plan
assets" (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and, assuming no assets used by any Lender hereunder constitute "plan
assets", neither the execution, delivery nor performance of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the making
of any Loan and the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

ARTICLE IV

Conditions

SECTION 4.01.Effective Date. The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder
shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02):

(a)The Administrative Agent (or its counsel, Winstead PC) shall have received from each party hereto a counterpart of this Agreement
signed on behalf of such party (which, subject to Section 9.06(b), may include any Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed
pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page).

(b)The Administrative Agent shall have received a customary written opinion, (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
and dated the Effective Date) of (i) Skadden, Arps, Meagher & Flom LLP, special New York counsel for the Borrower (which opinion
shall include a no conflict opinion with respect to the capital market bond issuances of the Borrower outstanding on the Effective Date),
and (ii) Shook, Hardy & Bacon L.L.P., special Missouri counsel for the Borrower, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent and its counsel, Winstead PC, and covering such customary matters relating to the Borrower, this Agreement
or the Transactions as the Required Lenders shall reasonably request. The Borrower hereby requests such counsel to deliver such opinion.

(c)The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel, Winstead
PC, may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Borrower in its jurisdiction of organization,
the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to the Borrower, this Agreement or the Transactions, all in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.

(d)The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the
Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in paragraphs (i) of Section 4.01 and (b) of Section 4.02.

61

(e)All governmental approvals necessary in connection with the financing contemplated hereby shall have been obtained and be in full
force and effect.

(f)The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the arrangers listed on the cover page hereof shall have received all fees due and payable
by the Borrower on or prior to the Effective Date in connection with this Agreement, and the Administrative Agent shall have received
reimbursement for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses, for which invoices have been presented at least one Business
Day prior to the Effective Date.

(g)(i) The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least five days prior to the Effective Date, all documentation and other
information regarding the Borrower requested in connection with applicable "know your customer" and anti-money laundering rules
and regulations, including the Patriot Act, to the extent requested in writing of the Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Effective
Date and (ii) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a "legal entity customer" under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation,
at least five days prior to the Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least 10 days prior
to the Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership
Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set
forth in this clause (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied).

(h)The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects
on and as of the Effective Date (it being understood and agreed that any representation which by its terms is made as of a specified date
shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, and that any representation or warranty
which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects).

The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower
and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations
of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective unless each of the
foregoing conditions is satisfied (or waived pursuant to Section 9.02) at or prior to 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on March
31, 2025 (and, in the event such conditions are not so satisfied or waived, the Commitments shall terminate at such time).

SECTION 4.02.Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of each Issuing Bank
to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

(a)After the Effective Date, the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement (except the representations
and warranties set forth in Sections 3.05(b) and 3.06) shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of
such Loan or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable (it being understood and agreed
that any representation which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects
only as of such specified date, and that any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required
to be true and correct in all respects).

(b)At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Loan or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter
of Credit, as applicable, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

62

Each Borrowing that increases the outstanding
Revolving Credit Exposure and each issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation
and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section.

ARTICLE V

Affirmative Covenants

Until the Commitments have
expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full
and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have
been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that the Borrower shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants
set forth in Sections 5.01, 5.02, and 5.03) cause each Subsidiary to:

SECTION 5.01.Financial Statements. Deliver to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender):

(a)within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, a consolidated
balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income
or operations, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for
the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion
of Ernst & Young LLP, or other independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion
shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any "going concern" or
like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (other than any qualification or exception
related to (i) an upcoming maturity date in respect of any Indebtedness or (ii) any potential inability to satisfy any financial
maintenance covenant on a future date in a future period); and

(b)within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the
fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025), a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal
quarter, the related consolidated statements of income or operations for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Borrower's fiscal
year then ended, and the related consolidated statements of cash flows for the portion of the Borrower's fiscal year then ended, in each
case setting forth in comparative form, as applicable, the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and
the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as
fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries,
and shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes.

As to any information contained
in materials furnished pursuant to Section 5.02(b), the Borrower shall not be separately required to furnish such information under clause
(a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Borrower to furnish the information and materials
described in clauses (a) and (b) above at the times specified therein.

63

SECTION 5.02.Certificates; Other Information. Deliver to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender):

(a)no later than five (5) Business Days after the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 5.01(a) and (b) (commencing
with the delivery of the financial statements for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2025), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed
by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (which delivery may, unless the Administrative Agent requests an executed original, be by electronic
communication including fax or email and shall be deemed to be an original authentic counterpart thereof for all purposes);

(b)promptly after the same are publicly available, copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements
which the Borrower files with the SEC, and promptly after the furnishing thereof, copies of any notice, material report, or material financial
statement furnished to holders of any capital market bond issuance of the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof and not otherwise required
to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto;

(c)promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Borrower or any Subsidiary,
or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request; and

(d)promptly following any written request therefor, information and documentation relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary reasonably
requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable "know your customer" and anti-money
laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to
Sections 5.01(a), (b) or Section 5.02(b) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may
be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts
such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower's website on the Internet at the website address listed in Section 9.01 or
such other website accessible to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as may hereafter be identified via notice to the Administrative
Agent; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower's behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each
Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative
Agent); provided that the Borrower shall upon the request of the Administrative Agent, provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic
mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery
of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance
by the Borrower with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to
it or maintaining its copies of such documents.

SECTION 5.03.Notices. Notify the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender) of the following promptly after any Responsible
Officer of the Borrower obtains actual knowledge thereof:

(a)the occurrence of any Default;

(b)the occurrence of any ERISA Event;

(c)any announcement by Moody's or S&P of any change in any ratings established for the Index Debt; and

64

(d)the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or
affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Each notice delivered
under this Section 5.03 (i) shall be in writing, (ii) shall contain a heading or a reference line that reads "Notice under
Section 5.03 of First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 31, 2025" and (iii) shall be accompanied by a statement
of a Responsible Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such
notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken by the Borrower with respect thereto.

SECTION
5.04.Payment of Material Obligations. Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable: (a) all income Taxes and other
material Taxes, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves in accordance with
GAAP are being maintained by the Borrower or such Subsidiary (to the extent required by GAAP); (b) all lawful claims which, if unpaid,
would by law become a Lien upon its property (other than Liens permitted by Section 6.01); and (c) all Indebtedness, as and when due
and payable, but subject to any subordination provisions contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing such Indebtedness, except
in the case of clauses (a) and (c), where such failure could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION
5.05.Preservation of Existence, Etc. Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing
(except, with respect to any Subsidiary, where any failure to maintain such good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect) under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction not prohibited by Section 6.03.

SECTION
5.06.Compliance with Laws. Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions
and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order,
writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures
designed to promote compliance in all material respects by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees
and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.

SECTION
5.07.Books and Records. Maintain proper books of record and account, in which entries true and correct in all material respects
are made of all material dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities to the extent required by GAAP.

SECTION
5.08.Inspection Rights. Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect
any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and
to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants (so long as the Borrower
is afforded an opportunity to participate in any such discussions), all at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as
often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; provided, however, that such visits and inspections
shall be at the expense of the Administrative Agent, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which case the Administrative
Agent (or any of its respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower
at any time during normal business hours and upon advance notice. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.08, none
of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making of extracts, or
discussion of, any documents, information or other matter that (i) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary
information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent (or any designated representative) is then prohibited by
Law, or (iii) that is subject to attorney client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product.

65

SECTION
5.09.Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit. The proceeds of the Loans will be used only (a) to finance working capital
needs and general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (b) at the option of the Borrower, to refinance existing
Indebtedness. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation
of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. Letters of Credit will be issued only for general corporate
purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall
not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use,
the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the
payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose
of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned
Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (C) in any manner that would result in the
violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.

ARTICLE
VI

Negative
Covenants

Until
the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid
in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall
have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:

SECTION
6.01.Liens. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or
suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except the following:

(a)Liens pursuant to any Loan Document;

(b)Permitted Encumbrances;

(c)Liens on fixed or capital assets, including in respect of Capital Lease Obligations or finance lease obligations, acquired, constructed
or improved by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided that (i) such security interests secure obligations of the Borrower
or, to the extent such security interests secure Indebtedness of any Subsidiary, such Indebtedness is permitted by Section 6.02,
(ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost or fair market value, whichever is lower, of acquiring, constructing
or improving such fixed or capital assets and (iii) such security interests shall not apply to any other property or assets of the
Borrower or any Subsidiary, other than improvements and accessions to the subject assets and proceeds and products thereof;

(d)any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or existing on any
property or asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided
that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary,
as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, other than
improvements and accessions to the subject assets and proceeds and products thereof, and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those
obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as the case may be and extensions,
renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (other than by the amount of any fees,
costs and expenses in connection with such extension, renewal or replacement and any accrued interest on such obligation); and

66

(e)all other Liens; provided, that at the time of the creation, incurrence or assumption of any such obligation secured by
such Liens the sum of (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of obligations or Indebtedness secured by Liens in reliance
on this clause (e) at such time plus (ii) the principal amount of Subsidiary Indebtedness incurred in reliance on Section 6.02(a)
outstanding at such time, shall not at such time, exceed 10% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets as of the end of the most recent fiscal
quarter of the Borrower for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01.

SECTION
6.02.Subsidiary
Indebtedness. The Borrower shall not permit any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except:

(a)Indebtedness; provided, that at the time of incurrence of Indebtedness in reliance on this Section 6.02(a) the sum of (i) the
aggregate principal amount of Subsidiary Indebtedness incurred in reliance on this clause (a) outstanding at such time plus (ii) the
principal amount of obligations or other Indebtedness secured by Liens in reliance on Section 6.01(e) outstanding at such time,
shall not, at the time of incurrence thereof, exceed 10% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets as of the end of the most recent fiscal
quarter of the Borrower for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01;

(b)Indebtedness created hereunder or under any Loan Document;

(c)Indebtedness of any Subsidiary of the Borrower owing to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower;

(d)Guarantees by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Borrower; provided that such Subsidiary shall have also Guaranteed the Obligations
pursuant to Section 9.02(e);

(e)Indebtedness incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital
Lease Obligations and finance lease obligations, and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness;

(f)Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary (or of any Person not previously a Subsidiary that is merged or consolidated
with or into a Subsidiary) after the date hereof; or Indebtedness of any Person that is assumed by any Subsidiary in connection with
an acquisition of assets by such Subsidiary; provided that such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary
(or is so merged or consolidated) or such assets are acquired, and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person
becoming a Subsidiary (or such merger or consolidation) or such assets being acquired;

(g)Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn
against insufficient funds incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(h)obligations in respect of performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and completion guarantees and similar obligations provided
by any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;

67

(i)any bankers' acceptance, bank guarantees, letter of credit, warehouse receipt or similar facilities entered into in the ordinary
course of business (including in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty
or liability insurance or self-insurance or other obligations with respect to reimbursement type obligations regarding workers compensation
claims), but not in respect of Indebtedness;

(j)Indebtedness
in respect of netting services, automatic clearinghouse arrangements, overdraft protections and similar arrangements incurred in the
ordinary course of business; and

(k)Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees incurred in the ordinary course of business.

SECTION
6.03.Fundamental Changes; Dispositions.

(a)The Borrower will not merge or consolidate with or into any Person or liquidate or dissolve, except that the Borrower may merge
or consolidate with or into any other Person so long as the Borrower is the surviving Person and provided that no Default shall have
occurred and be continuing at the time of such transaction; and

(b)The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, effect any Disposition (whether in one transaction or a series
of transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (whether now owned
or hereafter acquired) (except products sold in the ordinary course of business), other than to the Borrower.

SECTION
6.04.Change
in Nature of Business. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any material group of Subsidiaries to, engage in any material
line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the date hereof
or any business reasonably related, incidental, ancillary or complementary thereto and any reasonable extension, development or expansion
thereof.

SECTION
6.05.Financial Covenants.

(a)Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. The Borrower shall not permit the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio as
of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025, to be less than
2.50 to 1.00.

(b)Consolidated Leverage Ratio. The Borrower shall not permit the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of
any fiscal quarter of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025) to be greater than 3.50 to 1.00 (the "Maximum
Consolidated Leverage Ratio"), except as permitted below. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the consummation of
a Material Acquisition during the term of this Agreement, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio may be greater than the Maximum Consolidated
Leverage Ratio for the first four fiscal quarters ending after the date of the consummation of such Material Acquisition ("Increase
Period"), but in no event shall the Consolidated Leverage Ratio be greater than 3.75 to 1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal
quarter (the "Permitted Leverage Increase"). After the Increase Period, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio
may not be greater than Maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower until another Increase
Period occurs. There may be more than one Permitted Leverage Increase during the term of this Agreement but only so long as there
are two full fiscal quarters of compliance with the Maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio prior to the commencement of another Permitted
Leverage Increase.

68

ARTICLE
VII

Events
of Default

SECTION
7.01.Events of Default. If any of the following events ("Events of Default") shall occur:

(a)Non-Payment. The Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of
principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement, or (ii) within five (5) Business Days after
the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement, or any fee due hereunder, or any
other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or

(b)Specific Covenants. The Borrower fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section
5.03(a), 5.09 or Article VI; or

(c)Other Defaults. Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection
(a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days after
written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower; or

(d)Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any
other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect
or misleading in any material respect, when made or deemed made; or

(e)Cross-Default. (i) The Borrower or any Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity,
required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness
under Swap Agreements) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing
to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount (any such Indebtedness, "Material
Indebtedness") and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or
instrument relating to such Material Indebtedness, or (B) breaches or defaults in the observance or performance of, or otherwise
fails to comply with, any other agreement or condition relating to any such Material Indebtedness, the effect of which breach, default
or non-compliance is to (x) cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf
of such holder or holders) to cause (after the expiration of any grace period), with the giving of notice (if required), such Material
Indebtedness to become due prior to its scheduled maturity or (y) cause (after the expiration of any grace period), with the giving
of notice if required, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to purchase or redeem or make an offer to purchase or redeem such Indebtedness
prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this clause (B) shall not apply to Indebtedness which is convertible into Equity
Interests and converts to Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower in accordance with its terms and such conversion
is not prohibited hereunder; or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Agreement an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Agreement)
resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Agreement as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is the Defaulting Party
(as defined in such Swap Agreement) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Agreement as to which the Borrower
or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Borrower or such
Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount; or

69

(f)Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party or any of its Material Subsidiaries institutes or consents to the institution
of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the
appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or a substantial
part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without
the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 60 calendar days; or any proceeding
under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or a substantial part of its property is instituted without the consent
of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding;
or

(g)Inability to Pay Debts. The Borrower or any Material Subsidiary becomes unable or admits in writing its inability
or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due; or

(h)Judgments. There is entered against the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary one or more final judgments or orders for the
payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments or orders) exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not paid or
not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), and the same shall remain undischarged
for any period of 60 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or
otherwise, is not in effect; or

(i)ERISA. (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be
expected to result in liability of the Borrower under Title IV of ERISA to the Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount
in excess of the Threshold Amount, or (ii) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable
grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan
in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount; or

(j)Invalidity of Loan Documents. Any material provision of this Agreement or any other material Loan Document, at any time
after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full
of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Borrower contests
in any manner the validity or enforceability of any material provision of this Agreement or any other material Loan Document; or any
Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind
any Loan Document (except any such action that is expressly in accordance with the terms of such Loan Document); or

(k)Change of Control. There occurs any Change of Control.

SECTION
7.02.Remedies Upon an Event of Default. If an Event of Default occurs (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described
in Sections 7.01(f) or 7.01(g)), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such Event of Default, the Administrative Agent
may with the consent of the Required Lenders, and shall at the request of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, take any or
all of the following actions, at the same or different times:

70

(a)terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately;

(b)declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to
be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due
and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder and under any
other Loan Document, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all
of which are hereby waived by the Borrower;

(c)require that the Borrower provide cash collateral as required in Section 2.05(j); and

(d)exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the Issuing
Banks under the Loan Documents and applicable law.

If an Event of
Default described in Sections 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) occurs with respect to the Borrower, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and
the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower
accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document including any break funding payment, shall automatically become due and payable,
and the obligation of the Borrower to cash collateralize the LC Exposure as provided in clause (c) above shall automatically become effective,
in each case, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower.

SECTION
7.03.Application
of Payments. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
Default, and notice thereof to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or the Required Lenders:

(a)all payments received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to Section 2.19, be applied by the Administrative Agent as
follows:

(i)first, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts payable
to the Administrative Agent (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Administrative Agent payable under
Section 9.03 and amounts pursuant to Section 2.11(c) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such);

(ii)second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, expenses, indemnities and other amounts (other
than principal, reimbursement obligations in respect of LC Disbursements, interest and Letter of Credit fees) payable to the Lenders
and the Issuing Banks (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks payable under
Section 9.03) arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (ii)
payable to them;

(iii)third, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit fees and charges
and interest on the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective
amounts described in this clause (iii) payable to them;

(iv)fourth, (A) to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and unreimbursed LC
Disbursements and (B) to cash collateralize that portion of LC Exposure comprising the undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent
not otherwise cash collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.05 or 2.19, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in
proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iv) payable to them; provided that (x) any such amounts applied pursuant
to subclause (B) above shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the applicable Issuing Banks to cash collateralize
Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit, (y) subject to Section 2.05 or 2.19, amounts used to cash collateralize the aggregate amount
of Letters of Credit pursuant to this clause (iv) shall be used to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur and (z)
upon the expiration of any Letter of Credit (without any pending drawings), the pro rata share of cash collateral shall be distributed
to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth in this Section 7.03;

71

(v)fifth, to the payment in full of all other Obligations, in each case ratably among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders
and the Issuing Banks based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to them in accordance with the respective
amounts thereof then due and payable; and

(vi)finally, the balance, if any, after all Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise
required by law; and

(b)if any amount remains on deposit as cash collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired (without
any pending drawings), such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above.

ARTICLE
VIII

The Administrative Agent

SECTION
8.01.Authorization and Action.

(a)Each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this
Agreement and its successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender and each Issuing
Bank authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably
incidental thereto. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute
and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise
all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents.

(b)As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the
Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain
from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders
(or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and
until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each Lender and each Issuing Bank; provided, however, that the Administrative
Agent shall not be required to take any action that (i) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless
the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and the Issuing
Banks with respect to such action or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action
that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief
of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement
of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may
seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting
until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent
shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower, any
Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent
or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own
funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights
or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability
is not reasonably assured to it.

72

(c)In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely
on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance
of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. The motivations of the Administrative Agent are
commercial in nature and not to invest in the general performance or operations of the Borrower. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing:

(i)the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship
as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, Issuing Bank or holder of any other obligation other than as expressly set forth
herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it
is understood and agreed that the use of the term "agent" (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference
to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency
doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an
administrative relationship between contracting parties); additionally, each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against
the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and/or
the transactions contemplated hereby; and

(ii)nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or
the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account.

(d)The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document
by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform
any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory
provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent,
and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the
negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable
judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent.

73

(e)None of any Co-Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or any Arranger shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such
capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all
such Persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder.

(f)In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to any Loan Party under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency,
receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall
then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall
have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:

(i)to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Disbursements
and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have
the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15, 2.17
and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and

(ii)to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and
any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized
by each Lender, each Issuing Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall
consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due
to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03). Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or Issuing
Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or Issuing
Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or Issuing Bank in any such proceeding.

(g)The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and,
except solely to the extent of the Borrower's rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article,
none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under
any such provisions.

SECTION
8.02.Administrative Agent's Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc.

(a)Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken
by such party, the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents
(x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary,
or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents)
or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a
court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any
recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any
other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative
Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness,
enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with
the Administrative Agent's reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that
reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder or
thereunder.

74

(b)The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any (i) notice of any of the events or circumstances set forth
or described in Section 5.03 unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, or (ii) notice
of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender
or an Issuing Bank. Further, the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i)
any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report
or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements
or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the sufficiency,
validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the
satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items (which
on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition
that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(c)Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (i) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such
promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 9.04, (ii) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 9.04(b),
(iii) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by
it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel,
accountants or experts, (iv) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or Issuing Bank and shall not be responsible to any Lender
or Issuing Bank for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of any Loan Party in connection with this Agreement
or any other Loan Document, (v) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a
Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, may presume that such condition
is satisfactory to such Lender or Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender
or Issuing Bank sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (vi) shall be entitled
to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice,
consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website
posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent
or otherwise authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the
Loan Documents for being the maker thereof).

SECTION
8.03.Posting of Communications.

(a)The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the
Lenders and the Issuing Banks by posting the Communications on IntraLinks, DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic
platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the "Approved Electronic Platform").

75

(b)Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures
and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID/password
authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access
the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower acknowledges
and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is
not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform,
and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks
and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes
the risks of such distribution.

(c)THE
APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". THE APPLICABLE PARTIES
(AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM
AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF
THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS
OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER, ANY CO-DOCUMENTATION AGENT, ANY SYNDICATION
AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, "APPLICABLE PARTIES") HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN
PARTY, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF ANY LOAN PARTY'S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT'S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM EXCEPT WHERE SUCH LIABILITIES RESULT
FROM SUCH APPLICABLE PARTY'S BAD FAITH, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR MATERIAL BREACH IN BAD FAITH AS DETERMINED IN A FINAL,
NON-APPEALABLE JUDGMENT BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION.

"Communications"
means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan
Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender
or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Approved Electronic Platform.

(d)Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have
been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes
of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form
of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender's or Issuing Bank's (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing
notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address.

76

(e)Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be
required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with
the Administrative Agent's generally applicable document retention procedures and policies.

(f)Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to give any notice or other
communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document.

SECTION
8.04.The Administrative Agent Individually. With respect to its Commitment, Loans (including Swingline Loans), Letter of Credit
Commitments and Letters of Credit, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers
hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or Issuing
Bank, as the case may be. The terms "Issuing Banks", "Lenders", "Required Lenders" and any similar terms
shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender, Issuing
Bank or as one of the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits
from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any
kind of banking, trust or other business with, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person
was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks.

SECTION
8.05.Successor Administrative Agent.

(a)The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days' prior written notice thereof to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks
and the Borrower, whether or not a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders
shall have the right to appoint a successor reasonably acceptable to the Borrower (provided that the consent of the Borrower shall not
be required if an Event of Default under any of clause (a), (f) or (g) of Section 7.01 has occurred and is continuing). If no successor
Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after
the retiring Administrative Agent's giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders
and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York or an Affiliate
of any such bank. In either case, such appointment shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Borrower (which approval may
not be unreasonably withheld and shall not be required while an Event of Default under any of clause (a), (f) or (g) of Section 7.01
has occurred and is continuing). Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent,
such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring
Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative
Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Prior to any retiring Administrative
Agent's resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably
necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents.

77

(b)Notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this Section, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and
shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the
retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower,
whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged
from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; and (ii) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become
vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent; provided that (A) all payments required
to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative
Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (B) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made
to the Administrative Agent shall directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Following the effectiveness of the
Administrative Agent's resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory,
reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring
Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any
of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.

SECTION
8.06.Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks; Mistaken Payments.

(a)Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending
facility, (ii) in participating as a Lender, it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other
facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or Issuing Bank, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and
not for the purpose of investment in the general performance or operations of the Borrower, or for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring
or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention
of the foregoing, such as a claim under the federal or state securities laws), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance
upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank,
or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made
its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv)
it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth
herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision
to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding
such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently
and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or any other Lender
or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain
material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates)
as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon
this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

78

(b)Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an
Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged
receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by
or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date.

(c)

(i)Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined
in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment,
prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a "Payment") were
erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof),
such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may,
in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as
to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative
Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such
amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance
with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law,
such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off
or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received,
including without limitation any defense based on "discharge for value" or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative
Agent to any Lender under this Section 8.06(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

(ii)Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that
is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or
any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a "Payment Notice") or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied
by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender
agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender
shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly,
but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify
in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made
in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of
each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid
to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking
industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect.

(iii)The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered
from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all
the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise
satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such erroneous Payment is,
and solely with respect to the amount of such erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from
the Borrower for the purpose of satisfying such Obligations.

79

(iv)Each party's obligations under this Section 8.06(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or
any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction
or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document.

(d)The Lenders acknowledge that there may be a constant flow of information (including information which may be subject to confidentiality
obligations in favor of the Loan Parties) between the Loan Parties and their Affiliates, on the one hand, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
and its Affiliates, on the other hand. Without limiting the foregoing, the Loan Parties or their Affiliates may provide information,
including updates to previously provided information to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and/or its Affiliates acting in different capacities,
including as Lender, lead bank, arranger or potential securities investor, independent of such entity's role as administrative agent
hereunder. The Lenders acknowledge that neither JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA. nor its Affiliates shall be under any obligation to provide
any of the foregoing information to them. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in any other Loan Document, except
for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein, the Administrative
Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide, and shall not be liable for the failure to provide, any Lender with any credit
or other information concerning the Loans, the Lenders, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition
or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates that is communicated to, obtained by, or in the
possession of, the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity, including any information obtained by the Administrative
Agent in the course of communications among the Administrative Agent and any Loan Party, any Affiliate thereof or any other Person. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, any such information may (but shall not be required to) be shared by the Administrative Agent with one or more Lenders,
or any formal or informal committee or ad hoc group of such Lenders, including at the direction of a Loan Party.

SECTION
8.07.Certain ERISA Matters.

(a)Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from
the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the
Administrative Agent, and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of
the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i)such Lender is not using "plan assets" (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans
in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments,

(ii)the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company
general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38
(a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions
determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender's entrance into, participation in, administration of
and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement,

80

(iii)(A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a "Qualified Professional Asset Manager" (within the meaning of Part
VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into,
participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation
in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements
of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a)
of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender's entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance
of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or

(iv)such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion,
and such Lender.

(b)In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has
provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender
further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such
Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent, and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower
or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent, or any Arranger, any Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or
any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation
or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto).

(c)The Administrative Agent, and each Arranger, Co-Syndication Agent and Co-Documentation Agent hereby informs the Lenders that each
such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an
Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, this
Agreement and any other Loan Documents (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for
an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii)
may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including
structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative
agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction
fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker's acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees
similar to the foregoing.

81

SECTION
8.08.Borrower Communications. (a) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks agree that the Borrower may, but
shall not be obligated to, make any Borrower Communications to the Administrative Agent through an electronic platform chosen by the
Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the "Approved Borrower Portal").

(a)Although the Approved Borrower Portal and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and
policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID/password
authorization system), each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution
of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or
vetting the representatives or contacts of the Borrower that are added to the Approved Borrower Portal, and that there may be confidentiality
and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower hereby approves distribution
of Borrower Communications through the Approved Borrower Portal and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution.

(b)THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW)
DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER COMMUNICATION, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND THE BORROWER COMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS,
IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS
OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS OR THE
APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER, ANY CO-DOCUMENTATION AGENT, ANY SYNDICATION AGENT
OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, "APPLICABLE PARTIES") HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN
PARTY, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE BORROWER'S TRANSMISSION OF BORROWER
COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL.

"Borrower
Communications" means, collectively, any Borrowing Request, Interest Election Request, notice of prepayment, notice requesting
the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit or other notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material
provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed
by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent through an Approved Borrower Portal.

(a)Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be
required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Borrower Communications on the Approved Borrower Portal in accordance
with the Administrative Agent's generally applicable document retention procedures and policies.

(b)Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Borrower to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document
in any other manner specified in such Loan Document.

82

ARTICLE
IX

Miscellaneous

SECTION
9.01.Notices. (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject
to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by
hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows:

(i)if to the Borrower, to it at:

O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.

233 South Patterson

Springfield, MO 65802

Attention: Jeremy Fletcher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Telecopy No. 417-829-5735

Email: jeremyfletcher@oreillyauto.com

Website Address: www.oreillyauto.com

(ii)if to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in its capacity as Administrative Agent or Swingline Lender:

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

131 S Dearborn St, Floor 04

Chicago, IL, 60603-5506

Attention: Loan and Agency
Servicing

Email: jpm.agency.cri@jpmorgan.com

Agency Withholding Tax Inquiries:

Email: agency.tax.reporting@jpmorgan.com

Agency Compliance/Financials/Intralinks:

Email:
covenant.compliance@jpmchase.com

(iii)if to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in its capacity as Issuing Bank:

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

131 S Dearborn St, Floor 04

Chicago, IL, 60603-5506

Attention: LC Agency Team

Tel: 800-364-1969

Fax: 856-294-5267

Email: chicago.lc.agency.activity.team@jpmchase.com

With a copy to:

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

131 S Dearborn St, Floor 04

Chicago, IL, 60603-5506

Attention: Loan and Agency
Servicing

Email: jpm.agency.cri@jpmorgan.com

83

(iv)if to any other Issuing Bank, to it at the address separately provided to the Borrower; and

(v)if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.

Notices
sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received;
notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the
recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered
through Approved Electronic Platforms, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b).

(b)Notices and other communications to the Borrower, any Loan Party, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks
hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Approved Electronic Platforms or Approved Borrower Portals (as applicable), in each
case pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant
to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower
may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures
approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.

Unless
the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received
upon the sender's receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the "return receipt requested" function,
as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet
website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing
clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided
that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours
of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day
for the recipient.

(c)The Borrower may change its address, telecopier or telephone number or email address for notices and other communications hereunder
by notice to the Administrative Agent. Any other party hereto may change its address, telecopy number, or telephone number or email address
for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.

SECTION
9.02.Waivers; Amendments. (a)No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any
right or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any
abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative
and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent
to any departure by the Borrower or any Subsidiary therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b)
of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a
waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge
of such Default at the time.

84

(b)Subject to Section 2.13(b), (c) and (d) and Section 9.02(c) below, neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived,
amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or
by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase
the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement
or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly and
adversely affected thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement,
or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled
date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, (iv) change
Section 2.08(c) or Section 2.17(b) or (c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments or Commitment reductions
required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) change the payment waterfall provisions in Section 2.19(b) or
Section 7.03 without the written consent of each Lender, (vi) change any of the provisions of this Section or the percentage
referred to in the definition of "Required Lenders" or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders
required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written
consent of each Lender or (vii) without the prior written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, subordinate
the Obligations in contractual right of payment to any other Indebtedness; provided further that no such agreement shall amend,
modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender hereunder without
the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be; provided further
that no such agreement shall amend or modify the provisions of Section 2.05 or any letter of credit application and any bilateral
agreement between the Borrower and any Issuing Bank regarding such Issuing Bank's Letter of Credit Commitment or the respective rights
and obligations between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of Letters of Credit without the prior written
consent of the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank, respectively. The Administrative Agent may also amend the Commitment
Schedule to reflect assignments entered into pursuant to Section 9.04.

(c)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.02 or any Loan Document, (i) the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent may, without the input or consent of any other Lender except as provided below, effect amendments to this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to effect the provisions of
Sections 2.08 and 2.20 in accordance with the terms of Sections 2.08 and 2.20 (including any definitions relating to or necessary
to effectuate the foregoing) (and the Administrative Agent is hereby expressly authorized to do so on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing
Bank), and (ii) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, may, without the input or consent of the Required Lenders or any other
Lender, effect amendments to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative
Agent, in connection with the addition or replacement of an Issuing Bank or the addition or replacement of any Swingline Lender. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, with respect to the addition of any new Lender under Sections 2.08 or 2.20, the written consent of both the Issuing
Bank and the Swingline Lender to such new Lender must be obtained (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) prior
to effecting such increase under Section 2.08 or such extension under Section 2.20.

85

(d)If the Administrative Agent and the Borrower acting together identify any obvious error, or any vagueness, ambiguity, omission,
mistake, typographical error, conflict, inconsistency or other defect or any error or omission or defect of a technical nature, in each
case, in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted
(and the Administrative Agent is hereby expressly authorized on behalf of the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks) to
amend, modify or supplement such provision to cure such error, vagueness, ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error, conflict,
inconsistency or other defect, and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to
this Agreement.

(e)If at any time on or after the Effective Date, the Borrower or any one or more Subsidiaries executes any Guarantee of any Indebtedness
incurred under any indenture or other instrument or documentation evidencing any capital market bond issuance of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary, then the applicable Subsidiary or Subsidiaries shall promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days prior to entering
into such Guarantee (or such later date as agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent), so advise the Administrative Agent in writing.
Thereafter and in any event concurrently with the execution of any such Guarantee (or such later date as agreed to in writing by the
Administrative Agent), the applicable Subsidiary or Subsidiaries shall enter into a Guarantee of the Obligations and any other Loan Documents
necessary to effectuate a Guarantee of the Obligations, including, but not limited to documents, instruments and other deliverables of
the type provided by the Borrower pursuant to Sections 4.01(b) and (c) on the Effective Date.

SECTION
9.03.Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. (a)The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses
incurred by the Administrative Agent, any joint lead arranger and their respective Affiliates, including the reasonable and documented
fees, charges and disbursements of one counsel for the Administrative Agent (and if reasonably required by the Administrative Agent,
a single local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein,
the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the
provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Banks in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension
of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred
by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of (A) one counsel engaged
by the Administrative Agent for the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or any Lender, and (B) solely in the case of an actual
or perceived conflict of interest with respect to any such party, where such party affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of
such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of one additional counsel to all such affected parties taken as a whole, and (C) if
reasonably necessary, one local counsel engaged by the Administrative Agent in each relevant jurisdiction (which may include a single
firm of special counsel engaged by the Administrative Agent acting in multiple jurisdictions) in connection with the enforcement or protection
of its rights in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection
with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring
or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit.

86

(b)The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each joint lead arranger under this Agreement, the Issuing Banks and each
Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an "Indemnitee")
against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable fees, charges
and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee (in the case of fees, charges and disbursements of counsel, limited to one counsel
for the Indemnitees taken as a whole (and if reasonably required by the Administrative Agent, a single local counsel in each relevant
jurisdiction (which may include a single firm of special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions)) and solely in the case of an actual
or perceived conflict of interest with respect to any such party, where such party affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of
such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of one additional counsel to all such affected parties taken as a whole), incurred
by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this
Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) the performance by the parties
hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated
hereby, (iii) any action taken in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the payment of principal interest
and fees, (iv) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by an Issuing Bank to honor
a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the
terms of such Letter of Credit), (v) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned
or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, or (vi) any actual or prospective Proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such Proceeding is brought
by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or its or their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and
whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that
such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful
misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for a
material breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee's obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower has obtained
a final and non-appealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or (z) result from
any disputes between or among any of the Indemnitees and not arising from any act or omission by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates,
other than claims against any Indemnitee (or its Affiliates) in its capacity as an agent or arranger with respect to the Loan Documents.
This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising
from any non-Tax claim.

(c)Each Lender severally agrees to pay any amount required to be paid by the Borrower under paragraphs (a), (b) or (d) of this Section
9.03 to the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Swingline Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons
(each, an "Agent-Related Person") (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation
of the Borrower to do so), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentage in effect on the date on which such payment is
sought under this Section (or, if such payment is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans
shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Applicable Percentage immediately prior to such date), from and against
any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time
(whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in any way
relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred
to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent-Related Person under
or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that the unreimbursed expense or Liability or related expense, as the case
may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in its capacity as such; provided further that no Lender
shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such Liabilities, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable
decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from such Agent-Related Person's gross negligence or willful
misconduct. The agreements in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all
other amounts payable hereunder.

87

(d)To the extent permitted by applicable law (i) the Borrower and any Loan Party shall not assert, and the Borrower and each Loan
Party hereby waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent any
Issuing Bank and any Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a "Lender-Related
Person") for any Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials (including, without limitation,
any personal data) obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet,
any Approved Electronic Platform and any Approved Borrower Portal), and (ii) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby
waives, any Liabilities against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive
damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan
Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of
the proceeds thereof; provided that, nothing in this Section 9.03(d) shall relieve the Borrower and each Loan Party of any obligation
it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee, as provided in Section 9.03(c), against any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages
asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party.

(e)All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after written demand therefor.

SECTION
9.04.Successors and Assigns. (a)The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter
of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null
and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this
Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto,
their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit),
Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related
Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or
by reason of this Agreement.

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or
more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all
or a portion of its Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent
(each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of:

(A)the Borrower, provided that, the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to an assignment unless it shall have objected
thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received written notice thereof; provided
that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under any of clauses (a), (f) or (g) of Section 7.01, any other assignee;

88

(B)the Administrative Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of any
Commitment to an assignee that is a Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) with a Commitment immediately prior to giving effect to such
assignment; and

(C)the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender, provided that no consent of the Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender shall be required
for an assignment of any Commitment to an assignee that is a Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) with a Commitment immediately prior
to giving effect to such assignment.

(ii)Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:

(A)except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of
the assigning Lender's Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each
such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative
Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided
that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(B)each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights and obligations
under this Agreement, provided that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all
the assigning Lender's rights and obligations in respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans;

(C)the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to
the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference (pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform
as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants), together with a processing and
recordation fee of $3,500 payable to the Administrative Agent; and

(D)the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which
the assignee designates one or more Credit Contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information
about the Borrower, the Loan Parties and Subsidiaries and their related parties or their respective securities) will be made available
and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee's compliance procedures and applicable laws, including federal and
state securities laws.

89

For
the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the term "Approved Fund" and "Ineligible Institution"
have the following meanings:

"Approved
Fund" means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank
loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender,
(b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.

"Ineligible
Institution" means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender Parent, (c) a company, investment vehicle
or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof or (d) the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries or Affiliates; provided that, such company, investment vehicle or trust referred to in clause (c) shall
not constitute an Ineligible Institution if it (x) has not been established for the primary purpose of acquiring any Loans or Commitments,
(y) is managed by a professional advisor, who is not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the
business of making or purchasing commercial loans, and (z) has assets greater than $50,000,000 and a significant part of its activities
consist of making or purchasing commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business; provided,
further, that during the continuance of an Event of Default, any Person (other than a Lender) shall be an Ineligible Institution
if after giving effect to any proposed assignment to such Person, such Person would hold more than 25% of the then outstanding Total
Revolving Credit Exposure or Commitments, as the case may be.

(iii)Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date
specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned
by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder
shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement
(and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement,
such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and
9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04
shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance
with paragraph (c) of this Section.

(iv)The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices
a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders,
and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to
the terms hereof from time to time (the "Register"). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest
error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in
the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.
The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, the Issuing Banks and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time
to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(v)Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the
extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference (pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform
as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants), the assignee's completed Administrative
Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b)
of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent
shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either
the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.04(c),
2.05(d) or (e), 2.06(b), 2.17(d) or 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and
Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with
all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register
as provided in this paragraph.

90

(c)Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline
Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a "Participant"), other than an Ineligible
Institution, in all or a portion of such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment
and the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (B) such
Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (C) the Borrower,
the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection
with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation
shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver
of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without
the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b)
that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14, 2.15
and 2.16 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Sections 2.16(f) and (g) (it being understood
that the documentation required under Section 2.16(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender and the information and documentation
required under Section 2.16(g) will be delivered to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender
and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A)
agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 2.18 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall
not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.14 or 2.16, with respect to any participation, than its participating
Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change
in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the
Borrower's request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.18(b)
with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08
as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.17(c) as though it were a Lender.
Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register
on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant's interest
in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the "Participant Register"); provided that
no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant
or any information relating to a Participant's interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any
Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of
Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in
the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in
the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining
a Participant Register.

91

(d)Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure
obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall
not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest
shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

SECTION
9.05.Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower and Subsidiaries herein and in
the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be
considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf
and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or
incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long
as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and
unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.14,
2.15, 2.16 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination
of this Agreement or any provision hereof.

SECTION
9.06.Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution; Amendment and Restatement. (a)This Agreement may be executed
in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with
respect to (i) fees payable to the Administrative Agent or any arranger in respect of the Commitments and (ii) the reductions
of the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter
hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except
as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent
and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of
the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and assigns.

92

(b)Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document,
amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01),
certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions
contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an "Ancillary Document") that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy,
emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words "execution,"
"signed," "signature," "delivery," and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other
Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in
any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual
executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature,
physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require
the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures
approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any
Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly
given by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review
the appearance or form of any such Electronic signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic
Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower
and each Loan Party hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring,
enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Loan
Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual
executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have
the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may,
at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged
electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person's business, and destroy the original
paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect,
validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or
enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies
of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages
thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent's
and/or any Lender's reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic
means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of
the Borrower and/or any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission
of any Electronic Signature.

(c)This Agreement amends and restates in its entirety the Existing Agreement. The execution of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents executed in connection herewith does not extinguish the "Obligations" as defined in the Existing Agreement outstanding
in connection with the Existing Agreement and the other "Loan Documents" as defined in the Existing Agreement nor does it constitute
a novation with respect to such Obligations. For all matters arising prior to the Effective Date (including the accrual and payment of
interest and fees, and matters relating to indemnification and compliance with financial covenants), the terms of the Existing Agreement
and the "Loan Documents" as defined in the Existing Agreement (as each is unmodified by this Agreement) shall control and are
hereby ratified and confirmed.

93

SECTION
9.07.Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as
to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction
shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.

SECTION
9.08.Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank, and each
of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to setoff
and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held, and other obligations at
any time owing, by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against
any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender
or such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, Issuing Bank or Affiliate shall have
made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower may be contingent or unmatured
or are owed to a branch office or Affiliate of such Lender or such Issuing Bank different from the branch office or Affiliate holding
such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such
right of setoff, (x) all amounts so setoff shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in
accordance with the provisions of Section 2.19 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its
other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders, and (y) the
Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing
to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, each Issuing Bank and their respective
Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such
Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity
of such setoff and application.

SECTION
9.09.Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. (a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be construed
in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.

(b)Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, notwithstanding the governing
law provisions of any applicable Loan Document, any claims brought against the Administrative Agent by any Lender relating to this Agreement,
any other Loan Document or the consummation or administration of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be construed in
accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.

(c)Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court
lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and any appellate
court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions
relating hereto or thereto, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may (and any such claims, cross-claims or third party
claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties may only) be heard and determined in such Federal (to the
extent permitted by law) or New York State court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or
proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by
law. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall (i) affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing
Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against the Borrower, any Loan Party
or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction, (ii) waive any statutory, regulatory, common law, or other rule, doctrine, legal
restriction, provision or the like providing for the treatment of bank branches, bank agencies, or other bank offices as if they were
separate juridical entities for certain purposes, including Uniform Commercial Code Sections 4-106, 4-A-105(1)(b), and 5-116(b), UCP
600 Article 3 and ISP98 Rule 2.02, and URDG 758 Article 3(a), or (iii) affect which courts have or do not have personal jurisdiction
over the issuing bank or beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any advising bank, nominated bank or assignee of proceeds thereunder
or proper venue with respect to any litigation arising out of or relating to such Letter of Credit with, or affecting the rights of,
any Person not a party to this Agreement, whether or not such Letter of Credit contains its own jurisdiction submission clause.

94

(d)Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively
do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (c) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto
hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action
or proceeding in any such court.

(e)Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01.
Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

SECTION
9.10.WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE,
AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION,
SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS
AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

SECTION
9.11.Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference
only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.

SECTION
9.12.Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality
of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates' directors, officers,
employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors who need to know such Information in connection with the
Transactions (such Person being responsible for its Affiliates' compliance with this paragraph) (it being understood that the Persons
to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information
confidential), (b) to the extent requested or required by any Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such
as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, and any bank or securities examiners), in which case such Person agrees (except
with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any self-regulatory authority or governmental or regulatory
authority exercising examination or regulatory authority), to the extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law, to inform
you promptly thereof prior to disclosure, (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar
legal process (in which case such disclosing Person agrees, to the extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law, to inform
the Borrower promptly thereof prior to disclosure), (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise
of such disclosing Person's remedies hereunder or under its Fee Letter or in connection with any suit, action or proceeding relating
to this Agreement or the enforcement of such disclosing Person's rights hereunder or under its Fee Letter, (f) subject to an agreement
containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective
assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty
(or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to
(1) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided for herein or (2)
the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of identification numbers with respect
to the credit facilities provided for herein, (h) with the consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (i) becomes
publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent,
the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower (or any of its Subsidiaries, agents,
representatives or advisors, on behalf of the Borrower) that is not, to such Person's knowledge, subject to contractual or fiduciary
confidentiality obligations owing to the Borrower with respect to such Information. For the purposes of this Section, "Information"
means all information received from or on behalf of the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information
that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis and other than information
pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve
the lending industry. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered
to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of
such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.

95

For
the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 9.12 shall prohibit any Person from voluntarily disclosing or providing any Information
within the scope of this confidentiality provision to any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organization (any such entity,
a "Regulatory Authority") to the extent that any such prohibition on disclosure set forth in this Section 9.12
shall be prohibited by the laws or regulations applicable to such Regulatory Authority.

SECTION
9.13.Material Non-Public Information.

(a)EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 9.12 FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE
MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT
HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC
INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

(b)ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT
TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION
ABOUT THE BORROWER, THE LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO
THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE
INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW.

96

SECTION
9.14.Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable
to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively
the "Charges"), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the "Maximum Rate") which may be
contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest
payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate
and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result
of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans
or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at
the NYFRB Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.

SECTION
9.15.No Fiduciary Duty, etc. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries' understanding, that no
Credit Party will have any obligations in connection with the Loan Documents except those obligations expressly set forth herein and
in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arm's length contractual counterparty to the
Borrower with respect to the Loan Documents and the transaction contemplated therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to,
or an agent of, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Person in connection with the Transactions. The Borrower agrees that it will
not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising
the Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. The Borrower shall consult
with its own advisors concerning such matters to the extent it deems appropriate and shall be responsible for making its own independent
investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability
to the Borrower with respect to such matters.

The
Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries' understanding, that each Credit Party, together with its
Affiliates, in addition to providing or participating in commercial lending facilities such as that provided hereunder, is a full service
securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial
services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or
acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments
(including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which the Borrower may have commercial or other
relationships. With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights
in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights,
in its sole discretion.

In
addition, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries' understanding, that each Credit Party and its affiliates
may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect
of which the Borrower may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Credit Party will
use confidential information obtained from the Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other
relationships with the Borrower in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit
Party will furnish any such information to other companies. The Borrower also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation to
use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrower, confidential information obtained
from other companies.

97

SECTION
9.16.Other Agency Titles. The Co-Syndication Agents, Co-Documentation Agents, Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners shall
not have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all Lenders
as such. Without limiting the foregoing, none of such Lenders shall have or be deemed to have a fiduciary relationship with any Lender.
Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on the Co-Syndication Agents, Co-Documentation Agents, Joint Lead
Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners in deciding to enter into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in taking or not taking any action
hereunder or thereunder.

SECTION
9.17.USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56
(signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the "Patriot Act") hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements
of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes
the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the
Patriot Act.

SECTION
9.18.Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that
any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers
of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a)the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising
hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b)the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i)a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial
Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or
other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or
any other Loan Document; or

(iii)the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable
Resolution Authority.

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank.]

98

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective authorized officers
as of the day and year first above written.

O'REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC.

By: /s/
Jeremy Fletcher

Name: Jeremy Fletcher

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer

[Signature
Page First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement]

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., individually and as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and an Issuing Bank

By: /s/
James Kyle ODonnell

Name: James Kyle ODonnell

Title: Vice President

First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
Signature Page

bank of america, N.A., as lender

By: /s/
Jason Payne

Name: Jason Payne

Title: Senior Vice President

First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Signature
Page

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: /s/
Caleb Shapkoff

Name: Caleb Shapkoff

Title: Senior Vice President

First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Signature
Page

truist bank,

By: /s/
Lisa Garling

Name: Lisa Garling

Title: Director

First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Signature
Page

u.s. bank national association, as
LENDER

By: /s/
Conan Schleicher

Name: Conan Schleicher

Title: Senior Vice President

First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Signature
Page

wells fargo bank, national association

By: /s/
Ryan Tegeler

Name: Ryan Tegeler

Title: Vice President

First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Signature
Page

The huntington national bank, as
a Lender

By: /s/
Scott Lyman

Name: Scott Lyman

Title: Vice President

First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Signature
Page

mizuho bank, ltd.,

By: /s/
Tracy Rahn

Name: Tracy Rahn

Title: Managing Director 

First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Signature
Page

the toronto-dominion bank, new york branch,

By: /s/ David Perlman

Name: David Perlman

Title: Authorized Signatory

First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Signature
Page

banco santander, S.A., NEW YORK BRANCH,

By: /s/
Andres Barbosa

Name: Andres Barbosa

Title: Managing Director 

By: /s/
Rita Walz-Cuccioli

Name: Rita Walz-Cuccioli

Title: Executive Director 

First Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement Signature Page

capital one, N.A.,

By: /s/
Alex Federbusch

Name: Alex Federbusch

Title: Duly Authorized Signatory 

First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Signature
Page

credit agricole corporate and investment bank,

By: /s/ Jill Wong

Name: Jill Wong

Title: Director

By: /s/
Gordon Yip

Name: Gordon Yip

Title: Director

First Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement Signature Page

RegionS bank,

By: /s/ Christopher J. Brearey

Name: Christopher J. Brearey

Title: Director Credit Products

First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Signature
Page

COMMERCE BANK

By: /s/ R. David Emley Jr.

Name: R. David Emley Jr.

Title: Sr. Vice President

First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
Signature Page

SCHEDULE 1.01A

Existing Letters of Credit

Issuing

Bank 

LC

Reference # 

Account

Party Expiry 

Date Amount Beneficiary

Wells Fargo NZS674446 OReilly Automotive Inc. 11/8/2025 1,129,478.00 Ace American Insurance Company 

Wells Fargo NZS674447 OReilly Automotive Inc. 5/1/2026 2,684.00 Ace American Insurance Company 

Wells Fargo NZS674451 OReilly Automotive Inc. 3/29/2026 240,778.00 Ace American Insurance Company 

Wells Fargo NZS674455 OReilly Automotive Inc. 3/19/2026 14,000.00 American Casualty Co. of Reading 

Wells Fargo NZS674465 OReilly Automotive Inc. 4/7/2026 1,120,000.00 Hartford Fire Insurance Co

Wells Fargo NZS674458 OReilly Automotive Inc. 1/22/2026 

84,000.00 Hartford Fire Insurance Co

Wells Fargo NZS674600 HI/LO AUTO SUPPLY, L.P. 7/30/2025 20,000.00 The Travelers Indemnity Company

Wells Fargo NZS674452 OReilly Automotive Inc. 8/22/2025 6,979.00 Universal Underwriters Insurance Co

Wells Fargo IS0002542 CSK AUTO, INC. 8/31/2025 46,950.00 Lilli Ann Properties

Wells Fargo IS0024665U OReilly Automotive Inc. 3/19/2026 284,522.00 City of Lakeland. FL

Wells Fargo IS0451020U OReilly Automotive Inc. 8/23/2025 18,000.00 Commonwealth of PA Dept of Trans

Wells Fargo IS0470020U OReilly Automotive Inc. 11/15/2025 31,500.00 Commonwealth of PA Dept of Trans

Wells Fargo IS0493866U OReilly Automotive Inc. 2/9/2026 38,000.00 Commonwealth of PA Dept of Trans

Wells Fargo IS000007495U OReilly Automotive Inc. 7/7/2025 62,000.00 Commonwealth of PA Dept of Trans

Wells Fargo IS000107565U OReilly Automotive Inc. 11/13/2025 16,100.00 Commonwealth of PA Dept of Trans

Wells Fargo IS000021890U OReilly Automotive Inc. 11/13/2025 79,908.00 Town of Southampton

Wells Fargo IS000113764U OReilly Automotive Inc. 12/19/2025 170,556.50 The Town of Buena Vista

Wells Fargo IS000054695U OReilly Automotive Inc. 8/22/2025 40,275.00 City of Eden Prairie MN

Wells Fargo IS000075391U OReilly Automotive Inc. 2/19/2026 30,000.00 Rutherford County of Public Works

Wells Fargo IS000435130U OReilly Automotive Inc. 2/7/2026 

31,600.00 City of Novi Treasurers Office

Wells Fargo IS000400331U OReilly Automotive Inc. 9/8/2025 

34,401.93 City of Manassas, Virginia 

Wells Fargo IS000435832U OReilly Automotive Inc. 5/13/2026 329,837.00 Board of Supervisors of Stafford Co VA

Wells Fargo IS000387527U OReilly Automotive Inc. 10/31/2025 270,217.00 Board of Supervisors of Stafford Co VA

Wells Fargo IS000414701U OReilly Automotive Inc. 2/14/2026 430,575.50 Board of Supervisors of Stafford Co VA

Wells Fargo IS0430090U OReilly Automotive Inc. 6/1/2025 73,350.00 CHARTER TOWNSHIP OF HIGHLAND

Wells Fargo IS0333944U OReilly Automotive Inc. 8/24/2025 124,000.00 CITY OF FRANKLIN, TENNESSEE

JPMorgan NUSCGS054848 OReilly Automotive Inc. 11/15/2027 

76,545.00 Commonwealth of Pennsylvania

JPMorgan P243125 CSK Auto, Inc. 11/26/2025 250,000.00 Zurich American Insurance Company 

JPMorgan P391977 CSK Auto 10/28/2025 343,000.00 Arrowhead Indemnity Company

SCHEDULE 2.01A

Commitment Schedule

Lender Commitment Applicable

Percentage 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. $ 265,000,000.00 11.778 %

Bank of America, N.A. $ 240,000,000.00 10.667 %

PNC Bank, National Association $ 240,000,000.00 10.667 %

Truist Bank $ 240,000,000.00 10.667 %

U.S. Bank National Association $ 240,000,000.00 10.667 %

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. $ 240,000,000.00 10.667 %

The Huntington National Bank $ 155,000,000.00 6.889 %

Mizuho Bank, Ltd. $ 155,000,000.00 6.889 %

The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch $ 155,000,000.00 6.889 %

Banco Santander, S.A., New York Branch $ 70,000,000.00 3.111 %

Capital One, National Association $ 70,000,000.00 3.111 %

Credit Agricole $ 70,000,000.00 3.111 %

Regions Bank $ 70,000,000.00 3.111 %

Commerce Bank $ 40,000,000.00 1.778 %

Total $ 2,250,000,000.00 100.000 %

SCHEDULE 2.01B

Swingline Commitments

Lender Commitment Applicable

Percentage 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. $ 75,000,000 100.000 %

Total $ 75,000,000 100.000 %

SCHEDULE 2.01C

Letter of Credit Commitments

Lender Commitment 

Applicable

Percentage 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. $ 33,333,333.35 16.667 %

Bank of America, N.A. $ 33,333,333.33 16.667 %

PNC Bank, N.A. $ 33,333,333.33 16.667 %

Truist Bank $ 33,333,333.33 16.667 %

U.S. Bank National Association $ 33,333,333.33 16.667 %

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. $ 33,333,333.33 16.667 %

Total $ 200,000,000.00 100.000 %

EXHIBIT A

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

This Assignment and Assumption
(the "Assignment and Assumption") is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and
between [Insert name of Assignor] (the "Assignor") and [Insert name of Assignee] (the "Assignee").
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"), receipt of a copy of which is hereby
acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated
herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full.

For an agreed consideration,
the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the
Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted
by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor's rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under
the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage
interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified
below (including any letters of credit, guarantees, and swingline loans included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted
to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender)
against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments
delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including
contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and
obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i)
and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the "Assigned Loan Interest"). Such sale and assignment
is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty
by the Assignor.

1. Assignor: ______________________________

2. Assignee: ______________________________

[and is an Affiliate/Approved
Fund of [identify Lender]1 ]

3. Borrower(s): O'Reilly Automotive,
Inc.

4. Administrative Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement

5. Credit Agreement: The First Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement dated as of March 31, 2025 among O'Reilly Automotive, Inc., the Lenders parties thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank,
N.A., as Administrative Agent

1 Select
as applicable.

6. Assigned Loan Interest:

Facility Assigned2 Aggregate Amount of

Commitment/Loans for

all Lenders Amount of 

Commitment/Loans 

Assigned Percentage Assigned of

Commitment/Loans3

$ $ %

$ $ %

$ $ %

Effective Date: _____________ ___, 20___ [TO BE
INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]

The Assignee agrees to deliver to the Administrative
Agent a completed Administrative Questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more Credit Contacts to whom all syndicate-level
information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower, the Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their
respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignee's compliance procedures
and applicable laws, including federal and state securities laws.

The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption
are hereby agreed to:

ASSIGNOR

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Title:

ASSIGNEE

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Title:

[Consented to and]4 Accepted:

2 Fill in the appropriate terminology for the types of
facilities under the Credit Agreement that are being assigned under this Assignment (e.g., "Revolving Commitment," etc.)

3 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of
the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder.

4 To be added only if the consent of the Administrative
Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,
as

Administrative Agent 

By: 

Title: 

[Consented to:]5

[NAME OF RELEVANT PARTY] 

By: 

Title: 

5 To be added only if the consent of the Borrower and/or
other parties (e.g. Swingline Lender, Issuing Bank) is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.

ANNEX 1

O'REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC.

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

1. Representations
and Warranties.

1.1 Assignor.
The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Loan Interest, (ii) the Assigned
Loan Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken
all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and
(b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit
Agreement, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement or any collateral
thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect
of the Credit Agreement, (iv) any requirements under applicable law for the Assignee to become a lender under the Credit Agreement or
to charge interest at the rate set forth therein from time to time or (v) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under the Credit Agreement.

1.2. Assignee.
The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and
deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit
Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement and under applicable law that are required to
be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Loan Interest and become a Lender, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall
be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Loan Interest, shall have
the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by
the Assigned Loan Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Loan Interest,
is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most
recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as
it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the
Assigned Loan Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative
Agent, any Arranger, the Assignor or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and (vi) attached to the Assignment
and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed
by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, Co-Syndication
Agent or Co-Documentation Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents
and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under
the Credit Agreement, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit
Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. Without limiting the foregoing, the Assignee represents and warrants,
and agrees to, each of the matters set forth in Section 8.06 of the Credit Agreement, including that the Loan Documents set out the terms
of a commercial lending facility.

2. Payments.
From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Loan Interest (including
payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective
Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.

3. General Provisions.
This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors
and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument.
Acceptance and adoption of the terms of this Assignment and Assumption by the Assignee and the Assignor by Electronic Signature or delivery
of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by any Approved Electronic Platform shall be effective
as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by,
and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.

EXHIBIT B-1

[FORM OF]

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to
the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"), among O'Reilly Automotive, Inc., the Administrative
Agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto.

Pursuant to the provisions
of Section 2.16 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s)
(as well as any note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the
meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B)
of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished
the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By
executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall
promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and
the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment
is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein,
terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ]

EXHIBIT B-2

[FORM OF]

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to
the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"), among O'Reilly Automotive, Inc., the Administrative
Agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto.

Pursuant to the provisions
of Section 2.16 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation
in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii)
it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled
foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished
its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate,
the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such
Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective
certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years
preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined
herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ]

EXHIBIT B-3

[FORM OF]

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to
the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"), among O'Reilly Automotive, Inc., the Administrative
Agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto.

Pursuant to the provisions
of Section 2.16 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in
respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such
participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a
bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within
the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation
related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished
its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming
the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN
or IRS Form W-8BEN-E from each of such partner's/member's beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing
this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly
so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective
certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years
preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined
herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ]

EXHIBIT B-4

[FORM OF]

U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to
the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"), among O'Reilly Automotive, Inc., the Administrative
Agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto.

Pursuant to the provisions
of Section 2.16 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well
as any note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members
are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of
credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members
is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning
of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower
within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign
corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The
undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from
each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS
Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E from each of such partner's/member's beneficial owners that
is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided
on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned
shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate
in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such
payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement
and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ]

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Financial Statement Date: , 20__

To:JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to that
certain the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Agreement;" the terms defined therein being used herein
as therein defined), among O'Reilly Automotive, Inc., a Missouri corporation (the "Borrower"), the Lenders from
time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent.

I, the undersigned, a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower, on behalf of the Borrower only and not in my individual capacity, do hereby certify as of the date hereof that:

[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal year-end
financial statements]

1. The Borrower has delivered
the year-end audited financial statements required by Section 5.01(a) of the Agreement for the fiscal year of the Borrower ended
as of the above date, together with the report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant required by such section.

[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal quarter-end
financial statements]

1. The Borrower has delivered
the unaudited financial statements required by Section 5.01(b) of the Agreement for the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ended as
of the above date. Such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP as at such date and for such period, subject only to normal year-end
audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes.

1 This certificate should be from the chief executive officer, president, co-president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of the Borrower. 

2. [select one:]

[To the best knowledge
of the undersigned, no Default has occurred and is continuing.]

or

[To the best knowledge
of the undersigned, the following is a list of each Default existing as of the date hereof and its nature and status:]

3. The financial covenant
analyses and information set forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto are true and accurate on and as of the Financial Statement Date
referred to above.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Compliance Certificate as of , .

O'REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

For the Quarter/Year ended ("Statement Date")

SCHEDULE
1

to the Compliance Certificate

($ in 000's)

I. Section 6.05(a) Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.

A. Consolidated EBITDAR for the period of the four prior fiscal quarters of the Borrower completed on the above date ("Subject Period"): 

1. Consolidated Net Income for Subject Period: $ 

2. Consolidated Interest Charges for Subject Period: $ 

3. Consolidated Rent Expense for Subject Period: $ 

4. Provision for federal, state, local and foreign income taxes (without giving effect to any tax credit subtracted pursuant to I.A.10 below) for Subject Period: $ 

5. Depreciation expenses for Subject Period: $ 

6. Amortization expenses for Subject Period: $ 

7. Non-cash items for stock based compensation and all other non-cash charges for Subject Period: $ 

8. Other non-recurring expenses reducing Consolidated Net Income for Subject Period which do not represent a cash item in the Subject Period or any future period: $ 

9. Fees, expenses or charges related to any issuance of Equity Interests, investment, acquisition, Disposition, recapitalization or the incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness not prohibited hereunder including a refinancing thereof (in each case whether or not successful) and any amendment or modification to the terms of any such transactions, including, without limitation, such fees, expenses or charges related to the transactions contemplated to occur on the Effective Date: $ 

10. Federal, state, local and foreign income tax credits for Subject Period: $ 

11. Non-cash additions to Consolidated Net Income for Subject Period: $ 

12. Consolidated EBITDAR (Lines I.A1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 + 6 +7 + 8 + 9 10 11): $ 

B. Consolidated Interest Charges for Subject Period: $ 

C. Consolidated Rent Expense for Subject Period: $ 

D. Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (Line I.A.12 (Line I.B + Line I.C)): to 1.00 

Minimum required: 2.50 to 1.00

II. Section 6.05(b) Consolidated Leverage Ratio.

A. Consolidated Adjusted Debt at Statement Date: 

1. Consolidated Funded Indebtedness (including standby letters of credit) at Statement Date: $ 

2. Consolidated Rent Expense for Subject Period multiplied by 5.0: $ 

3. Consolidated Adjusted Debt (Lines II.A.1 + 2): $ 

B. Consolidated EBITDAR for Subject Period (Line I.A.12 above): $ 

C. Consolidated Leverage Ratio (Line II.A.3 Line II.B): to 1.00 

1.
Maximum permitted (if no Material Acquisitions have been made during the preceding four fiscal quarters)6:

3.50 to 1.00 

2. If a Material Acquisition has been made
during the preceding four fiscal quarters of such Material Acquisition (provided, that there were at least two full fiscal quarters separating
the four fiscal quarter Increase Period commencing on the date set forth in the following clause (y) and the four fiscal quarter Increase
Period commencing on the date set forth in the following clause (x)), the maximum permitted Consolidated Leverage Ratio:

(x) Date of the Material Acquisition:

3.75

to 1.00

(y) Date of last preceding Material Acquisition: 

3.
Applicable Maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio: __ to 1.00 

6
Upon the consummation of a Material Acquisition during the term of the Agreement, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio may be
greater than the Maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio for the first four fiscal quarters ending after the date of the consummation of
such Material Acquisition ("Increase Period"), but in no event shall the Consolidated Leverage Ratio be greater
than 3.75 to 1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter (the "Permitted Leverage Increase"). After the
Increase Period, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio may not be greater than Maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of each
fiscal quarter of the Borrower until another Increase Period occurs. There may be more than one Permitted Leverage Increase during the
term of this Agreement but only so long as there are two full fiscal quarters of compliance with the Maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio
prior to the commencement of another Permitted Leverage Increase.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>orly-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>orly-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>orly-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm2510899d1_ex10-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 000-21318

Entity Registrant Name O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE INC

Entity Central Index Key 0000898173

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-4358837

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MO

Entity Address, Address Line One 233 South Patterson Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Springfield

Entity Address, State or Province MO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 65802

City Area Code 417

Local Phone Number 862-6708

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol ORLY

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://oreillyauto.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

orly-20250331.xsd 
orly-20250331_lab.xml 
orly-20250331_pre.xml 
tm2510899d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-030592-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm2510899d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000898173 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000898173 
O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE INC 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
MO 
000-21318 
27-4358837 
233 South Patterson Avenue 
Springfield 
MO 
65802 
417 
862-6708 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock $0.01 par value 
ORLY 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>