<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-016922.txt : 20250225
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-016922.hdr.sgml : 20250225
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250225160136
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-016922
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250225
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250225

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000230557
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				222168890
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33067
		FILM NUMBER:		25662891

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 WANTAGE AVENUE
		CITY:			BRANCHVILLE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07890
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9739483000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 WANTAGE AVE
		STREET 2:		40 WANTAGE AVE
		CITY:			BRANCHVILLE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07890

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SRI CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860508
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm257504d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000023055700002305572025-02-202025-02-200000230557us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-02-202025-02-200000230557sigi:DepositarySharesMember2025-02-202025-02-20iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT

TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported) February 20, 2025

SELECTIVE
INSURANCE GROUP, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

New Jersey 001-33067 22-2168890

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

40 Wantage Avenue, Branchville, New Jersey07890

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code (973) 948-3000

Not
Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the
Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $2 per share SIGI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in
a share of 4.60% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B, without par value 

SIGIP 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 25, 2025, Selective Insurance Group, Inc. (the Company) issued $400,000,000
aggregate principal amount of its 5.900% Senior Notes due 2035
(the Securities) pursuant to a Prospectus Supplement, dated February 20, 2025
(the Prospectus Supplement), to the Prospectus, dated May 30, 2024, filed as part of the Companys Registration Statement
on Form S-3ASR (Registration No. 333-279815) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

The
Securities were issued under the Indenture, dated as of February 8, 2013 (the Base Indenture), between the Company and U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee),
as supplemented by the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 25, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture and,
together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee. The Company sold the Securities pursuant
to an Underwriting Agreement, dated February 20, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement),
between the Company and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the
several underwriters named therein.

The Securities will mature on April 15, 2035. Interest on the Securities
will be payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing on October 15, 2025, at an annual rate equal
to 5.900%.

Prior
to January 15, 2035, the Company may redeem the Securities at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time,
at the make-whole redemption price described in the Indenture. On or after January 15, 2035, the Company may redeem the
Securities, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the
Securities being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

The Indenture also contains certain limitations on liens on stock of
Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the Indenture), and customary events of default.

The preceding summary of the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the
Base Indenture, the Supplemental Indenture, and the Securities does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the Underwriting Agreement, attached as Exhibit 1.1 hereto, the Base Indenture, attached as Exhibit 4.1 hereto, the Supplemental Indenture,
attached as Exhibit 4.2 hereto and the form of 5.900% Senior Notes due 2035, attached as Exhibit 4.3 hereto, and each is incorporated
herein by reference as though each were fully set forth herein.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an
Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of
this Current Report on Form 8-K that also is responsive to Item 2.03 of this report is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item
2.03.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 20, 2025, between Selective Insurance Group, Inc. and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, BofA Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein.

4.1 Indenture, dated as of February 8, 2013, between Selective Insurance Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 4.1 of Selective Insurance Group, Inc.s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 8, 2013, File No. 001-33067).

4.2 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 25, 2025, between Selective Insurance Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee. 

4.3 Form of 5.900% Senior Notes due 2035 (included in Exhibit 4.2).

5.1 Opinion of Robyn P. Turner, Esq.

5.2 Opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP.

23.1 Consent of Robyn P. Turner, Esq. (included in Exhibit 5.1).

23.2 Consent of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP (included in Exhibit 5.2).

104 The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report on
Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP, INC.

Date:February 25, 2025 By: /s/ Michael H. Lanza

Name: Michael H. Lanza

Title: Executive Vice President and General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm257504d1_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

Execution Version

SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP, INC.

(a New Jersey corporation)

$400,000,000

5.900% Senior Notes due 2035

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

February 20, 2025

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

BofA Securities, Inc.

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

as Representatives of the several Underwriters
named in Schedule A hereto,

c/o Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

200 West Street

New York, New York 10282

c/o BofA Securities, Inc.

One Bryant Park

New York, New York 10036

c/o Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Selective Insurance Group,
Inc., a New Jersey corporation (the Company), confirms its agreement with Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (Goldman Sachs),
BofA Securities, Inc. (BofA) and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (Wells Fargo) and each of the other Underwriters
named in Schedule A hereto (collectively, the Underwriters, which term shall also include any underwriter substituted as
hereinafter provided in Section 10 hereof), for whom Goldman Sachs, BofA and Wells Fargo are acting as representatives (in such capacity,
the Representatives), with respect to the issue and sale by the Company and the purchase by the Underwriters, acting severally
and not jointly, of the respective principal amounts set forth in such Schedule A of $400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys
5.900% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Securities).

The Securities are to be issued
pursuant to an indenture, dated as of February 8, 2013 (the Base Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented
by a third supplemental indenture, to be dated as of February 25, 2025, between the Company and the Trustee (the Supplemental Indenture
and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture).

The Company understands that
the Underwriters propose to make a public offering of the Securities as soon as the Representatives deem advisable after this Agreement
has been executed and delivered.

The Company has filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-279815),
including a base prospectus, dated May 30, 2024 (the Base Prospectus), which registration statement became effective upon
filing under Rule 462(e) of the rules and regulations of the Commission (the 1933 Act Regulations) under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act). Such registration statement covers the registration of the Securities under the
1933 Act. Promptly after execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company will prepare and file a prospectus in accordance with the
provisions of Rule 430B (Rule 430B) of the 1933 Act Regulations and paragraph (b) of Rule 424 (Rule 424(b))
of the 1933 Act Regulations. Any information included in such prospectus that was omitted from such registration statement at the time
it became effective but that is deemed to be part of and included in such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B is referred to
as Rule 430B Information. Each prospectus (including the Base Prospectus and any preliminary prospectus supplement) used
in connection with the offering of the Securities that omitted Rule 430B Information is collectively called a preliminary prospectus.
Such registration statement, at any given time, including the amendments thereto to such time, the exhibits and any schedules thereto
at such time, the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the 1933 Act at such time and the
documents otherwise deemed to be a part thereof or included therein by 1933 Act Regulations, is herein called the Registration
Statement. The Registration Statement at the time it originally became effective is herein called the Original Registration
Statement. The term Prospectus shall mean the final prospectus supplement relating to the Securities, together with
the Base Prospectus, that is first filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) after the date and time that this Agreement is executed and delivered
by the parties hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus
or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include the copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic
Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR).

All references in this Agreement
to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included or stated
in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean
and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed
by 1933 Act Regulations to be a part of or included in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus, as the
case may be; and all references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus
or the Prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the 1934 Act), which is incorporated by reference in, or otherwise deemed by 1933 Act Regulations to be a part of or included
in, the Registration Statement, such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be.

SECTION 1. Representations
and Warranties.

(a) Representations and
Warranties by the Company. The Company represents and warrants to each Underwriter as of the date hereof, as of the Applicable Time
(as defined in Section 1(a)(ii) hereof) and as of the Closing Time (as defined in Section 2(b) hereof), and agrees with each Underwriter,
as follows:

(i) Status
as a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer. (A) At the time of filing the Original Registration Statement, (B) at the time of the most recent
amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the 1933 Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment,
incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act or form of prospectus), (C) at the time the Company or any person
acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this clause only, of Rule 163(c) of the 1933 Act Regulations) made any offer relating to
the Securities in reliance on the exemption of Rule 163 of the 1933 Act Regulations and (D) at the date hereof, the Company was and is
a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 405), including not
having been and not being an ineligible issuer as defined in Rule 405. The Registration Statement is an automatic
shelf registration statement, as defined in Rule 405, and the Securities, since the registration of debt securities, including
the Securities, on the Registration Statement, have been and remain eligible for registration by the Company on a Rule 405 automatic
shelf registration statement. The Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933
Act Regulations objecting to the use of the automatic shelf registration statement form.

At the earliest
time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the 1933
Act Regulations) of the Securities, the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405.

(ii) Registration
Statement, Prospectus and Disclosure at Time of Sale. The Original Registration Statement became effective upon filing under Rule
462(e) of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 462(e)) on May 30, 2024, and any post-effective amendment thereto also became effective
upon filing under Rule 462(e). No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued under the 1933
Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated by the
Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with.

2

Any offer that is
a written communication relating to the Securities made prior to the filing of the Original Registration Statement by the Company or any
person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this paragraph only, of Rule 163(c) of the 1933 Act Regulations) has been filed with
the Commission in accordance with the exemption provided by Rule 163 of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 163) and otherwise
complied with the requirements of Rule 163, including without limitation the legending requirement, to qualify such offer for the exemption
from Section 5(c) of the 1933 Act provided by Rule 163.

At the respective
times the Original Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, if any, became effective, and at each deemed effective date with
respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations and at the Closing Time, the Registration Statement
complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the Trust Indenture
Act of 1939, as amended (the 1939 Act), and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the 1939 Act (the 1939
Act Regulations), and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

Neither the Prospectus
nor any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any such amendment or supplement was issued, included or, at
the Closing Time, will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or, at the Closing Time, will omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

Each preliminary
prospectus (including the Base Prospectus filed as part of the Original Registration Statement or any amendment thereto) complied, when
so filed, in all material respects with the 1933 Act Regulations and each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters
for use in connection with this offering was identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant
to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

As of the Applicable
Time, neither (x) the Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus(es) (as defined below) issued at or prior to the Applicable Time (as
defined below) and the Statutory Prospectus (as defined below), all considered together (collectively, the General Disclosure Package),
nor (y) any individual Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) or any road show (as defined in Rule
433 (as defined below)) not constituting an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, when considered together with the General Disclosure Package,
included any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

As used in this
subsection and elsewhere in this Agreement:

Applicable
Time means 4:20 p.m. (Eastern time) on February 20, 2025 or such other time as agreed by the Company and the Representatives.

Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule
433), relating to the Securities that (i) is required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (ii) is a road show that
is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed with the Commission
or (iii) is exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Securities or
the offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case, in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if
not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g).

Issuer General
Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective investors,
as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule B hereto.

Issuer Limited
Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus.

3

Statutory
Prospectus as of any time means the prospectus relating to the Securities that is included in the Registration Statement immediately
prior to that time, including any document incorporated by reference therein and any preliminary or other prospectus deemed to be a part
thereof.

Each Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the public offer and sale of the Securities
or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies the Representatives as described in Section 3(e), did not, does not and
will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein and any preliminary or other
prospectus deemed to be a part thereof that has not been superseded or modified.

The representations
and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to (i) statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriter Information (as defined herein) or (ii) that
part of the Registration Statement that constitutes the Statement of Eligibility (Form T-1) under the 1939 Act of the Trustee.

(iii) Incorporated
Documents. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material
respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (the 1934 Act Regulations),
and, when read together with the other information in the General Disclosure Package, (a) at the time the Original Registration Statement
became effective and (b) at the earlier of the time the Prospectus was first used and the date and time of the first contract of sale
of Securities in this offering, did not and, at the Closing Time, will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

(iv) Independent
Accountants. The accounting firm who certified the financial statements and supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company and
its subsidiaries as required by the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations.

(v)
Financial Statements. The financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
together with the related schedules and notes thereto, present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated subsidiaries at the dates indicated and the statement of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of the
Company and its consolidated subsidiaries for the periods specified; said financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
involved. The supporting schedules, if any, present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein. The
interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus fairly presents the required information in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the
Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. All disclosures contained in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commission) comply with Regulation G of the 1934 Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the 1933 Act in all material respects, to
the extent applicable.

(vi) Statutory
Financial Statements. The statutory financial statements dated as of December 31, 2024 of the Companys insurance company subsidiaries
have, for such period, been prepared in accordance with statutory accounting principles prescribed or permitted by the National Association
of Insurance Commissioners and, with respect to each insurance company subsidiary, the appropriate insurance department of the state of
domicile of such insurance company subsidiary, and such accounting practices have been applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
presented.

(vii) No Republishing
of Regulatory or Financial Reports. None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has been requested by a Government Entity (as defined
below) to republish, restate or refile, in any material respect, any regulatory or financial report in the last three years.

4

(viii) No Material
Adverse Change in Business. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, except as otherwise stated therein, (A) there has been no material adverse change, and no development
involving a prospective material adverse change, in or affecting (i) the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings or business
affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business or
(ii) the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement, including the issuance and sale of the Securities, or
to consummate the transactions contemplated in the preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus (a Material Adverse Effect),
(B) there have been no transactions entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than those in the ordinary course of
business, which are material with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, and (C) except for regular
quarterly dividends on the common stock, par value $2.00 per share, of the Company in amounts per share that are consistent with past
practice, there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company on any class of its capital stock.

(ix) Good Standing
of the Company. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the
State of New Jersey and has corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described
in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Indenture
and the Securities; and the Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each other
jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business,
except where the failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(x) Good Standing
of Subsidiaries. Each significant subsidiary of the Company (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X)
(collectively, the Significant Subsidiaries) has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, has the corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
and to conduct its business as described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation
to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership
or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; except as otherwise disclosed in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Significant Subsidiary has been duly authorized and validly issued, is fully
paid and non-assessable and is owned by the Company, directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage,
pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity; and none of the outstanding shares of capital stock of any Significant Subsidiary was issued
in violation of any preemptive or similar rights of any securityholder of such Significant Subsidiary. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Significant Subsidiaries are: (1) Selective Insurance Company of America, (2) Selective Way Insurance Company, (3) Selective Insurance
Company of South Carolina, and (4) Selective Insurance Company of the Southeast.

(xi) Capitalization.
The authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
in the column entitled Actual under the caption Capitalization (except for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant
to reservations, agreements, or employee benefit plans referred to in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or pursuant to
the exercise of convertible securities or options referred to in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus). The shares of issued
and outstanding capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; none
of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company was issued in violation of the preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder
of the Company; and the authorized capitalization of the Company and its subsidiary insurance companies complies in all material respects
with all applicable regulatory requirements with respect thereto.

(xii) Authorization
of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.

(xiii) Authorization
of the Indenture. The Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act. The Base Indenture has been duly authorized, executed
and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating
to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and except
as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law). The Supplemental Indenture has been duly authorized by the Company and, at the Closing Time, will have been duly executed
by the Company and the Trustee and, when duly executed and delivered by the Company and the Trustee, will constitute a valid and binding
agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or similar
laws affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of
equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

5

(xiv) Authorization
of the Securities. The Securities have been duly authorized and, at the Closing Time, will have been duly executed by the Company
and, when authenticated, issued and delivered in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivered against payment of the purchase
price therefor as provided in this Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company
in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation,
all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors rights
generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered
in a proceeding in equity or at law), and will be in the form contemplated by, and entitled to the benefits of, the Indenture.

(xv) Description
of the Securities and the Indenture. The Securities and the Indenture will conform in all material respects to the respective statements
relating thereto contained in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and will be in substantially the respective forms filed
or incorporated by reference, as the case may be, as exhibits to the Registration Statement.

(xvi) Absence
of Defaults and Conflicts. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of its charter or by-laws or in default
in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed
of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is subject (collectively, Agreements and Instruments), except for such defaults that would not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Indenture and the Securities and
any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby or in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including
the issuance and sale of the Securities and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities as described in the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds) and compliance by the Company with its obligations hereunder
and under the Indenture and the Securities have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and will not, whether
with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or Repayment Event
(as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, the Agreements and Instruments (except for such conflicts, breaches, defaults or Repayment
Events or liens, charges or encumbrances that, singly or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect), nor will such action result in any violation of any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree
of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or any of their assets, properties or operations (a Government Entity) except for such violations that would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, nor will any such action result in any violation of the provisions of the charter
or by-laws of the Company or any Significant Subsidiary. As used herein, a Repayment Event means any event or condition
which gives the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders behalf) the
right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

6

(xvii) Accounting
Controls and Disclosure Controls. The Company and each of its subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurances that (1) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization;
(2) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability
for assets; (3) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (4) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to
any differences and (5) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the required information in all material respects and has been prepared
in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Except as described in the General Disclosure Package
and Prospectus, since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year, there has been (I) no material weakness in the Companys
internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (II) no change in the Companys internal control over
financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over
financial reporting.

The Company and
its consolidated subsidiaries employ disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the 1934 Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the
time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management,
including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding disclosure.

(xviii) Insurance
Laws. Each of the Companys subsidiaries that is an insurance company is in compliance with the requirements of the insurance
laws and regulations of its jurisdiction of incorporation and the insurance laws and regulations of the jurisdictions which are applicable
to each such subsidiary, and has filed all notices, reports, documents or other information required to be filed thereunder, except where
the failure to so comply or file would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(xix) Reinsurance.
(a) All reinsurance treaties and arrangements to which any Significant Subsidiary that is an insurance company is a party and as to which
any of them reported recoverables, premiums due or other amounts in its most recent statutory financial statements are in full force and
effect, except where the failure of such treaties and arrangements to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (b)(i) no such Significant Subsidiary has received any notice from any of the other parties to
such treaties, contracts or agreements that such other party intends not to perform such treaty and (ii) the Company has no knowledge
that any of the other parties to such treaties or arrangements will be unable to perform such treaty or arrangement, except, in each of
the above cases, (1) to the extent adequately and properly reserved for, in accordance with GAAP, as disclosed in the consolidated financial
statements of the Company included in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or (2) for such non-performance, violations or
defaults that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(xx) No Material
Changes in Insurance Reserving Practices. Except as disclosed in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company and
its subsidiaries have made no material changes in their insurance reserving practices since the most recent audited financial statements
included or incorporated in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(xxi) Ratings.
Since the date of this Agreement, the various financial strength ratings or claims paying ability assigned to the Companys subsidiaries
have not been lowered or threatened to be lowered (including an unfavorable change in outlook) by A.M. Best Company, Inc. (A.M.
Best), S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc. (S&P), Moodys Investors Service, Inc.
(Moodys) or Fitch, Inc. (Fitch), as applicable, nor, to the Companys knowledge, have such ratings
been placed under surveillance or review by A.M. Best, S&P, Moodys or Fitch, as applicable, with negative implications.

(xxii) Absence
of Labor Dispute. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the
Company, is imminent, and, without independent investigation, the Company is not aware of any existing or imminent labor disturbance by
the employees of any of its or any of its subsidiaries principal suppliers, manufacturers, customers or contractors, which, in
either case, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

7

(xxiii) Absence
of Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or brought by any court or governmental agency
or body, domestic or foreign, including any agency charged with the supervision or regulation of insurance companies or holding companies
of insurance companies, now pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries
which is required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (other than as disclosed
therein) or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or that would reasonably be expected to materially
and adversely affect the properties or assets of the Company and its subsidiaries or the performance by the Company of its obligations
hereunder.

(xxiv) Absence
of Manipulation. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates, as such term is defined in Rule 501(b) under the 1933 Act (each, an
Affiliate), has taken, nor will the Company or any Affiliate take, directly or indirectly, any action which is designed
to or which has constituted or which would be expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security
of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities.

(xxv) Accuracy
of Exhibits. There are no contracts or documents which are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package, the Prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference therein or to be filed as exhibits thereto which have not been so described
and filed as required.

(xxvi) Possession
of Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries (i) own or possess, or can acquire on reasonable terms, adequate patents,
patent rights, licenses, inventions, copyrights, know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary
or confidential information, systems or procedures), trademarks, service marks, trade names or other intellectual property (collectively,
Intellectual Property) necessary to carry on the business now operated by them, (ii) do not, through the operation of their
respective businesses, infringe, violate or conflict with any such right of others and (iii) have not received any notice or is otherwise
aware of any infringement of or conflict with asserted rights of others with respect to any Intellectual Property or of any facts or circumstances
which would render any Intellectual Property invalid or inadequate to protect the interest of the Company or any of its subsidiaries therein,
and which infringement or conflict (if the subject of any unfavorable decision, ruling or finding) or invalidity or inadequacy, singly
or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(xxvii) Absence
of Further Requirements. No filing with, or authorization, approval, consent, license, order, registration, qualification or decree
of, any court or governmental authority or agency is necessary or required for the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder,
in connection with the offering, issuance or sale of the Securities hereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or for the due execution, delivery or performance of the Indenture by the Company, except such as have been already obtained
or as may be required under the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations or state securities laws or insurance securities laws of any jurisdiction
in connection with the offer, purchase and distribution of the Securities in the manner contemplated herein or in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(xxviii) Possession
of Licenses and Permits. The Company and its subsidiaries possess such licenses, certificates or permits (including, without limitation,
insurance licenses from the insurance departments of the various states and jurisdictions where the Company or its subsidiaries write
insurance or otherwise conduct insurance or reinsurance business, as the case may be, or as may be required by any applicable insurance
statutes of such states or other jurisdictions (collectively, the Insurance Licenses)), approvals, consents and other authorizations
(collectively, including the Insurance Licenses, the Governmental Licenses) issued by the appropriate federal, state, local
or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated by them, except where the failure so to possess
would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; the Company and its subsidiaries
are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, singly
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; all of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in
full force and effect, except where the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in
full force and effect would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such
Governmental Licenses which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

8

(xxix) Title
to Property. The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all real property owned by the Company and its subsidiaries
and good title to all other properties owned by them, in each case, free and clear of all mortgages, pledges, liens, security interests,
claims, restrictions or encumbrances of any kind except such as (a) are described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
or (b) do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made
and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any of its subsidiaries; and all of the leases and subleases material to the
business of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, and under which the Company or any of its subsidiaries holds
properties described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any
of its subsidiaries has any notice of any material claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company
or any subsidiary thereof to the continued possession of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease that would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(xxx) Environmental
Laws. Except as described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and except for such matters as would not, singly or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (A) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is
in violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law or
any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent, decree or judgment, relating
to pollution or protection of human health, the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land
surface or subsurface strata) or wildlife, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to the release or threatened release
of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum or petroleum products, asbestos-containing
materials or mold (collectively, Hazardous Materials) or to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage,
disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials (collectively, Environmental Laws), (B) the Company and its subsidiaries
have all permits, authorizations and approvals required under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their
requirements, (C) there are no pending or threatened administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims,
liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigation or proceedings relating to any Environmental Law against the Company or any
of its subsidiaries and (D) there are no events or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to form the basis of an order for clean-up
or remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding by any private party or governmental body or agency, against or affecting the Company
or any of its subsidiaries relating to Hazardous Materials or any Environmental Laws.

(xxxi) Investment
Company Act. The Company is not required and, upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and the application
of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be required to register as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(xxxii) Compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or
officers, in their capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the
rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), including Section 402 related to loans
and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications.

(xxxiii) Pending
Proceedings and Examinations. The Registration Statement is not the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d)
or 8(e) of the 1933 Act, and the Company is not the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with
the offering of the Securities.

9

(xxxiv) Stock
Option Awards. All stock option awards granted by the Company have been appropriately authorized by the board of directors of the
Company or a duly authorized committee thereof, including approval of the exercise or purchase price or the methodology for determining
the exercise or purchase price and the substantive terms of the stock options awards; all stock options granted to employees in the United
States reflect the fair market value of the Companys capital stock as determined under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any successor statute, rules and regulations thereto, on
the date the option was granted (within the meaning of United States Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(c)); no stock options awards granted
by the Company have been retroactively granted, or the exercise or purchase price of any stock option award determined retroactively;
there is no action, suit, proceeding, formal inquiry or formal investigation before or brought by any court or governmental agency or
body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against or affecting the Company in connection
with any stock option awards granted by the Company; and there is no action, suit, proceeding, formal inquiry or formal investigation
before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened, against or affecting the Company in connection with any stock option awards granted by the Company.

(xxxv) No Unlawful
Payments. None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (i) has made any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or
other unlawful payment or (ii) is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons
of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA), including,
without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer,
payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the
giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party
or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA, and the Company and its subsidiaries
have conducted their businesses in compliance with the FCPA and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure,
and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
will knowingly use, directly or indirectly, the proceeds of the offering in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization
of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any person in violation of the FCPA.

(xxxvi) Compliance
with Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance
with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, the money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar
rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering
Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving
the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company,
threatened.

(xxxvii)
Compliance with OFAC. None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer,
agent, employee or Affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered or enforced
by the U.S. Government, including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC),
or the U.S. Department of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a specially designated nation or blocked
person, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, the United Nations Security Council, or other applicable sanctions authority
(collectively, Sanctions); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering of the Securities
hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity,
(i) for the purpose of financing the activities of or business with any person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such
financing, is the subject of or target of Sanctions (currently, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic,
the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the non-government controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions, Cuba, Iran,
North Korea and Syria) or (ii) in any other manner that will result in violation by any person (including any person participating in
the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or others) of Sanctions. The Company and its subsidiaries have instituted,
and maintain, policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve continued compliance with Sanctions.

10

(xxxviii) Cybersecurity.
(A) There has been no security breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure, or other compromise of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data and databases (including the data
and information of their respective customers, employees, vendors and any third party data maintained, processed or stored by the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, and any such data processed or stored by third parties on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries),
equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data); (B) the Company and its subsidiaries have not been notified
of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would result in, any security breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure
or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data; and (C) the Company and its subsidiaries have implemented controls, policies, procedures,
and technological safeguards to maintain and protect the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of their IT Systems
and Data reasonably consistent with industry standards and practices, or as required by applicable regulatory standards, except with respect
to clauses (A) and (B), for any such security breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure, or other compromises, as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect, or with respect to clause (C), where the failure to do so would
not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries are presently in compliance
with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection
of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification.

(b) Officers Certificates.
Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries delivered to the Representatives or to counsel for the
Underwriters shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby.

SECTION 2. Sale and Delivery
to Underwriters; Closing.

(a) Securities. On
the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company
agrees to sell to each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, and each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase from
the Company, the aggregate principal amount of Securities set forth in Schedule A opposite the name of such Underwriter, plus any additional
principal amount of Securities which such Underwriter may become obligated to purchase pursuant to the provisions of Section 10 hereof,
at a purchase price of 99.328% of the principal amount of Securities, payable at the Closing Time.

(b) Payment. Payment
of the purchase price for, and delivery of certificates for, the Securities shall be made at the offices of Hogan Lovells US LLP, 390
Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10017, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company, at 9:00
A.M. (Eastern time) on February 25, 2025 (unless postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10), or such other time not later
than ten business days after such date as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company (such time and date of payment and
delivery being herein called Closing Time).

Payment shall be made to the
Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by the Company, against delivery to the Representatives
for the respective accounts of the Underwriters of certificates for the Securities to be purchased by them. It is understood that each
Underwriter has authorized the Representatives, for its account, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of the purchase
price for, the Securities which it has agreed to purchase. The Representatives, individually and not as representatives of the Underwriters,
may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment of the purchase price for the Securities, to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds
have not been received by the Closing Time, but such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from its obligations hereunder.

(c) Denominations; Registration.
Certificates for the Securities shall be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Representatives may request in writing
at least one full business day before the Closing Time. The Securities will be made available for examination by the Representatives in
The City of New York not later than 10:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the business day prior to the Closing Time.

11

SECTION 3. Covenants of
the Company. The Company covenants with each Underwriter as follows:

(a) Compliance with Securities
Regulations and Commission Requests; Payment of Filing Fees. The Company, subject to Section 3(b), will comply with the requirements
of Rule 430B and will notify the Representatives immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement or new registration statement relating to the Securities shall become effective, or any supplement to the
Prospectus or any amended Prospectus shall have been filed, (ii) of the receipt of any comments from the Commission, (iii) of any request
by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of a new registration statement or any amendment or supplement
to the Prospectus or any document incorporated by reference therein or otherwise deemed to be a part thereof or for additional information,
(iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or such new registration
statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the
qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any
of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(e) of the 1933 Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the Company
becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Securities. The Company will
effect the filings required under Rule 424(b), in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule
424(b)(8)), and will take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted for filing
under Rule 424(b) was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such prospectus.
The Company will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the
lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. The Company shall pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Securities
within the time required by Rule 456(b)(l)(i) of the 1933 Act Regulations without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance
with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the 1933 Act Regulations.

(b) Filing of Amendments
and Exchange Act Documents; Preparation of Final Term Sheet. The Company will give the Representatives notice of its intention to
file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement or new registration statement relating to the Securities or any amendment,
supplement or revision to either any preliminary prospectus (including the Base Prospectus included in the Original Registration Statement
or amendment thereto at the time it became effective) or any amendment, supplement or revision to the General Disclosure Package or to
the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, and the Company will furnish the Representatives with copies
of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will not file or use any
such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. The Company has given the Representatives
notice of any filings made pursuant to the 1934 Act or 1934 Act Regulations within 48 hours prior to the Applicable Time; the Company
will give the Representatives notice of its intention to make any such filing from the Applicable Time to the Closing Time and will furnish
the Representatives with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing and will not file or use
any such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. The Company will prepare a final
term sheet (the Final Term Sheet) reflecting the final terms of the Securities, in form and substance satisfactory to the
Representatives, and shall file such Final Term Sheet as an issuer free writing prospectus pursuant to Rule 433 prior to
the close of business two business days after the date hereof; provided that the Company shall furnish the Representatives with copies
of any such Final Term Sheet a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing and will not use or file any such document to which
the Representatives or counsel to the Underwriters shall reasonably object.

(c) Delivery of Registration
Statements. The Company has furnished or will deliver to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, signed
copies of the Original Registration Statement and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference
therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein or otherwise deemed to be a part thereof) and signed
copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Representatives, without charge, a conformed copy of
the Original Registration Statement and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The copies of the Original
Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies
thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

12

(d) Delivery of Prospectuses.
The Company has delivered to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each preliminary prospectus as such Underwriter reasonably
requested, and the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the 1933 Act. The Company will furnish
to each Underwriter, without charge, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, such number
of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments
or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the
Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(e) Continued Compliance
with Securities Laws. The Company will comply with the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations
and the 1939 Act and the 1939 Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated in
this Agreement and in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus is required by the 1933 Act
to be delivered in connection with sales of the Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is
necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement
the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that such document will not include any untrue statements of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading, in the light of the circumstances existing
at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of such counsel, at any such time to amend the
Registration Statement or to file a new registration statement or amend or supplement the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
in order to comply with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act or the 1934 Act Regulations and the
1939 Act or the 1939 Act Regulations, the Company will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3(b), such amendment,
supplement or new registration statement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to comply with such requirements,
the Company will use its best efforts to have such amendment or new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable (if
it is not an automatic shelf registration statement with respect to the Securities) and the Company will furnish to the Underwriters such
number of copies of such amendment, supplement or new registration statement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. If at any time
following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement (or any other registration
statement relating to the Securities) or the General Disclosure Package or included or would include an untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Representatives and will promptly amend or supplement,
at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission.

(f) Blue Sky Qualifications.
The Company will use its best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the Securities for offering and sale under the
applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as the Representatives may designate and to maintain such qualifications
in effect as long as required for the sale of the Securities; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general
consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not
so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.
The Company will also supply the Underwriters with such information as is necessary for the determination of the legality of the Securities
for investment under the laws of such jurisdictions as the Underwriters may reasonably request.

(g) Rating of Securities.
The Company shall take all reasonable action necessary to enable S&P and Moodys to provide their respective credit ratings
of the Securities.

(h) DTC. The Company
will cooperate with the Representatives and use its best efforts to permit the offered Securities to be eligible for clearance and settlement
through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company.

(i) Rule 158. The Company
will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to its securityholders as
soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide to the Underwriters the benefits contemplated by, the last
paragraph of Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act.

(j) Use of Proceeds.
The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Securities in the manner specified in the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus under Use of Proceeds.

(k) Restriction on Sale
of Securities. During a period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the Closing Time, the Company will not, without the prior
written consent of the Representatives, directly or indirectly, issue, sell, offer or contract to sell, grant any option for the sale
of, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, or announce the offering of, or file any registration under the 1933 Act in respect of, any debt
securities of the Company or securities exchangeable or convertible into debt securities of the Company (other than as contemplated by
this Agreement with respect to the Securities).

13

(l) Reporting Requirements.
The Company, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, will file all documents required to
be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations.

(m) Issuer Free Writing
Prospectuses. The Company represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Representatives, and each Underwriter
represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Company and the Representatives, it has not made and will not make
any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, or
that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405, required to be filed with the Commission;
provided, however, that prior to the preparation of the Final Term Sheet in accordance with Section 3(b), the Underwriters are authorized
to use the information with respect to the final terms of the Securities in communications conveying information relating to the offering
to investors. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Company and the Representatives is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted
Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus
as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, and has complied and will comply with the requirements of
Rule 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and
record keeping.

SECTION 4. Payment of Expenses.

(a) Expenses. The Company
will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, including (i) the preparation, printing and
filing of the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including financial statements and any schedules
or exhibits and any document incorporated therein by reference) as originally filed and of each amendment or supplement thereto, (ii)
the preparation, printing and delivery to the Underwriters of this Agreement, the Indenture and such other documents as may be required
in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Securities, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery
of the certificates for the Securities to the Underwriters, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the Companys counsel, accountants
and other advisors, (v) the qualification of the Securities under securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof,
including filing fees and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection therewith and in connection
with the preparation of the Blue Sky Survey and any supplement thereto, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Underwriters of copies of
each preliminary prospectus, any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus and of the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto and
any costs associated with electronic delivery of any of the foregoing by the Underwriters to investors, (vii) the preparation, printing
and delivery to the Underwriters of copies of the Blue Sky Survey and any supplement thereto, (viii) the filing fees incident to, and
the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters in connection with, the review, if any, by the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) of the terms of the sale of the Securities, (ix) the fees and expenses of the Trustee,
including the fees and disbursements of counsel for the Trustee in connection with the Indenture and the Securities, (x) the costs and
expenses of the Company relating to investor presentations on any road show undertaken in connection with the marketing
of the Securities, including without limitation, expenses associated with the production of road show slides and graphics, fees and expenses
of any consultants engaged in connection with the road show presentations, travel and lodging expenses of the representatives and officers
of the Company and any such consultants, and the cost of other transportation chartered in connection with the road show, and (xi) any
fees payable in connection with the rating of the Securities.

(b) Termination of Agreement.
If this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 or Section 9(a)(i) hereof, the Company
shall reimburse the Underwriters for all of their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of
counsel for the Underwriters.

14

SECTION 5. Conditions of
Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the several Underwriters hereunder are subject to the accuracy of the representations
and warranties of the Company contained in Section 1 hereof or in certificates of any officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to
the following further conditions:

(a) Effectiveness of Registration
Statement; Filing of Prospectus; Payment of Filing Fee. The Registration Statement has become effective and, at Closing Time, no stop
order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the 1933 Act or proceedings therefor initiated
or threatened by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with
to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters. A prospectus containing the Rule 430B Information shall have been filed
with the Commission in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) (or a post-effective
amendment providing such information shall have been filed and become effective in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430B). The
Company shall have paid the required Commission filing fees relating to the Securities within the time period required by Rule 456(b)(l)(i)
of the 1933 Act Regulations without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the 1933
Act Regulations.

(b) Opinion of Counsel
for Company. At Closing Time, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinions and letter, dated as of Closing Time,
of (i) Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, counsel for the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives
and (ii) Robyn P. Turner, Senior Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters.

(c) Opinion of Counsel
for Underwriters. At Closing Time, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of Hogan
Lovells US LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters
in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives.

(d) Officers Certificate.
At Closing Time, there shall not have been, since the date hereof or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the
Prospectus or the General Disclosure Package, any material adverse change, or any development involving a prospective material adverse
change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings or business affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries considered
as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, and the Representatives shall have received a certificate
of the President or a senior executive, executive or senior vice president of the Company and of the chief financial or chief accounting
officer of the Company, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that (i) there has been no such material adverse change and no such development
involving a prospective material adverse change, (ii) the representations and warranties in Section 1(a) hereof are true and correct with
the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of Closing Time, (iii) the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied
all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to their knowledge,
contemplated by the Commission.

(e) Accountants
Comfort Letter. At the time of the execution of this Agreement, the Representatives shall have received from KPMG LLP a letter dated
such date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily
included in accountants comfort letters to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial
information contained in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(f) Bring-down Comfort
Letter. At Closing Time, the Representatives shall have received from KPMG LLP a letter, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that
they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to subsection (e) of this Section, except that the specified date referred
to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be a date not more than three business days prior to Closing Time.

(g) Maintenance of Rating.
At Closing Time, the Securities shall be rated at least Baa2 by Moodys and BBB by S&P and the Company shall have delivered
to the Representatives a letter, dated the Closing Time, from each such rating agency, or other evidence satisfactory to the Representatives,
confirming that the Securities have such ratings; and since the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred a downgrading in
the rating assigned to the Securities or any of the Companys other securities or the Companys financial strength or claims
paying ability by any nationally recognized statistical rating agency, as that term is defined by the Commission for purposes
of Section 3(a)(62) of the 1934 Act, and no such organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review its
rating of the Securities or any of the Companys other securities or the Companys financial strength or claims paying ability.

15

(h) Additional Documents.
At Closing Time, counsel for the Underwriters shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may reasonably require
for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to evidence
the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings
taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated shall be reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters.

(i) Termination of Agreement.
If any condition specified in this Section shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled, this Agreement may be terminated
by the Representatives by written notice to the Company at any time at or prior to Closing Time, and such termination shall be without
liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 and except that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive any such
termination and remain in full force and effect.

SECTION 6. Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification of
Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its directors, officers, employees, Affiliates and
selling agents and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of
the 1934 Act as follows:

(i) against any
and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information, or the omission
or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading
or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus, any road show (as defined in Rule 433) not constituting an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or the
Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(ii) against any
and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of
any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever
based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section
6(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company; and

(iii) against any
and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representatives), reasonably incurred
in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body,
commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement
or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (i) or (ii) above;

provided,
however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out
of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriter
Information for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information or any preliminary prospectus,
any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).

(b)
Indemnification of Company, Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter severally agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company,
its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the
meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described
in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or
alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information
or any preliminary prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance
upon and in conformity with the Underwriter Information. As used in this Agreement with respect to an Underwriter and an applicable
document, Underwriter Information shall mean the written information furnished to the Company by such Underwriter through
the Representatives expressly for use therein; it being understood and agreed upon that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter
consists of the following information in the Prospectus furnished on behalf of each Underwriter: the concession and reallowance figures
appearing in the fifth paragraph and the information contained in the eighth paragraph, in each case under the caption Underwriting.

16

(c) Actions Against Parties;
Notification. Each indemnified party shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying party of any action
commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve
such indemnifying party from any liability hereunder to the extent it is not materially prejudiced as a result thereof and in any event
shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. In the case of parties
indemnified pursuant to Section 6(a) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Representatives, and, in the case
of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(b) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Company. An indemnifying
party may participate at its own expense in the defense of any such action; provided, however, that counsel to the indemnifying party
shall not (except with the consent of the indemnified party) also be counsel to the indemnified party. In no event shall the indemnifying
parties be liable for fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from their own counsel for
all indemnified parties in connection with any one action or separate but similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising
out of the same general allegations or circumstances. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified
parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding
by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or contribution
could be sought under this Section 6 or Section 7 hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto),
unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising
out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability
or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

(d) Settlement Without
Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified
party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated
by Section 6(a)(ii) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such
indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at
least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified
party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

SECTION 7. Contribution.
If the indemnification provided for in Section 6 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified
party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute
to the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i)
in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on
the other hand from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not
permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i)
above but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Underwriters on the other hand in connection with the statements
or omissions which resulted in such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.

The relative benefits received
by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand in connection with the offering of the Securities pursuant to this
Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Securities pursuant
to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters,
in each case as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of the Securities as set
forth on the cover of the Prospectus.

The relative fault of the
Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such
untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information
supplied by the Company or by the Underwriters and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity
to correct or prevent such statement or omission.

The Company and the Underwriters
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation (even
if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the
equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 7. The aggregate amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses
incurred by an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 7 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred by such indemnified party in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding
by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement
or omission or alleged omission.

17

Notwithstanding the provisions
of this Section 7, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which
the Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which such
Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

No person guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not
guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

For purposes of this Section
7, each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act and
each Underwriters directors, officers, employees, Affiliates and selling agents shall have the same rights to contribution as such
Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if
any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights
to contribution as the Company. The Underwriters respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in
proportion to the principal amount of Securities set forth opposite their respective names in Schedule A hereto and not joint.

SECTION 8. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement or in certificates
of officers of the Company or any of its subsidiaries submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless
of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or its directors, officers, employees, Affiliates or selling agents,
any person controlling any Underwriter, its officers or directors or any person controlling the Company, and (ii) delivery of and payment
for the Securities.

SECTION 9. Termination
of Agreement.

(a) Termination; General.
The Representatives may terminate this Agreement, by notice to the Company, at any time at or prior to Closing Time (i) if there has been,
since the time of execution of this Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus (exclusive
of any supplement thereto) or the General Disclosure Package, any material adverse change, or any development involving a prospective
material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings or business affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries
considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) if there has occurred any material adverse
change in the financial markets in the United States or the international financial markets, any outbreak of hostilities or escalation
thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective change in national or international political,
financial or economic conditions, in each case the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representatives, impracticable
or inadvisable to market the Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Securities, or (iii) if trading in any securities
of the Company has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission, the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Global Select Market,
or if trading generally on the New York Stock Exchange or in the Nasdaq Global Select Market has been suspended or materially limited,
or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices have been required, by any of said exchanges or
by such system or by order of the Commission, FINRA or any other governmental authority, (iv) a material disruption has occurred in commercial
banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States, or (v) if a banking moratorium has been declared by either
Federal or New York authorities.

(b) Liabilities. If
this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except
as provided in Section 4 hereof; and provided further that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive such termination and remain in full force
and effect.

18

SECTION 10. Default by
One or More of the Underwriters. If one or more of the Underwriters shall fail at Closing Time to purchase the Securities which it
or they are obligated to purchase under this Agreement (the Defaulted Securities), the Representatives shall have the right,
within 36 hours thereafter, to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase
all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth; if,
however, the Representatives shall not have completed such arrangements within such 36-hour period, then:

(a) if the number
of Defaulted Securities does not exceed one-eleventh of the aggregate principal amount of the Securities to be purchased hereunder, each
of the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof in the proportions
that their respective underwriting obligations hereunder bear to the underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Underwriters, or

(b) if the number
of Defaulted Securities exceeds one-eleventh of the aggregate principal amount of the Securities to be purchased hereunder, this Agreement
shall terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter or the Company, except for the expenses to be borne by
the Company and the Underwriters as provided in Section 4 hereof and the indemnity and contribution agreements in Section 6 hereof.

No action taken pursuant to
this Section shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of its default.

In the event of any such default
which does not result in a termination of this Agreement, either the Representatives or the Company shall have the right to postpone the
Closing Time for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package or Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements. As used herein, the term Underwriter includes
any person substituted for an Underwriter under this Section 10.

SECTION 11 Tax Disclosure.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, immediately upon commencement of discussions with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby, the Company (and each employee, representative or other agent of the Company) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation
of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all materials of any kind (including
opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the Company relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. For purposes of the
foregoing, the term tax treatment is the purported or claimed federal income tax treatment of the transactions contemplated
hereby, and the term tax structure includes any fact that may be relevant to understanding the purported or claimed federal
income tax treatment of the transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION 12. Notices.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted
by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to (i) Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, 200 West
Street, New York, New York 10282-2198, Attention: Registration Department; (ii) BofA Securities, Inc., 114 West 47th Street NY8-114-07-01
New York, NY 10036, Attention: High Grade Transaction Management/Legal, Facsimile: (212) 901-7881; and (iii) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor, Charlotte, North Carolina 28202, Attention: Transaction Management, Email: tmgcapitalmarkets@wellsfargo.com;
and notices to the Company shall be directed to it at 40 Wantage Avenue, Branchville, New Jersey, 07890, attention of Michael H. Lanza,
Esq., with a copy to Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, One Manhattan West, New York, New York, 10001, attention of Gregory
Fernicola, Esq. and Dwight Yoo, Esq.

SECTION 13. No Advisory
or Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (a) the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement,
including the determination of the public offering price of the Securities and any related discounts and commissions, is an arms-length
commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand, (b) in connection with the
offering contemplated hereby and the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal
and is not the agent or fiduciary of the Company, or its stockholders, creditors, employees or any other party, (c) no Underwriter has
assumed or will assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby
or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters)
and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly
set forth in this Agreement, (d) the Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that
involve interests that differ from those of the Company, and (e) the Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory
or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and
tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate.

SECTION 14. Integration.
This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company and the Underwriters,
or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

19

SECTION 15. Parties.
This Agreement shall each inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Underwriters and the Company and their respective successors.
Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than
the Underwriters and the Company and their respective successors and the controlling persons and officers and directors referred to in
Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this
Agreement or any provision herein contained. This Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof are intended to be for the sole and
exclusive benefit of the Underwriters and the Company and their respective successors, and said controlling persons and officers and directors
and their heirs and legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation.

SECTION 16. Recognition
of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

(a)
In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime,
the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to
the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and
obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(b)
In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted
to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

For purposes of this Section
16: (a) a BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in
accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k); (b) Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity
as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that
term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is
defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b); (c) Default Right has the meaning assigned to
that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable; and (d) U.S.
Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii)
Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

SECTION 17. GOVERNING LAW.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK applicable
to agreements made and to be performed wholly within such state without regard to principles of conflict of laws that would results in
the application of any other law than the laws of the State of New York. The Company agrees that any suit or proceeding arising in respect
of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated by this Agreement will be tried exclusively in the U.S. District Court for the Southern
District of New York or, if that court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, in any state court located in The City and County of
New York and the Company agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of, and to venue in, such courts.

SECTION 18. TIME. TIME
SHALL BE OF THE ESSENCE OF THIS AGREEMENT. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH HEREIN, SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME.

SECTION 19. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts
shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so executed shall
be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The words execution,
signed, signature, and words of like import in this Agreement or in any other certificate, agreement or document
related to this Agreement shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format (including,
without limitation, pdf, tif or jpg) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation,
DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other
record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and
enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records
Act and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the
Uniform Commercial Code.

SECTION 20. Effect of Headings.
The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

20

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding
of our agreement, please sign and return to the Company a counterpart hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts,
will become a binding agreement between the Underwriters and the Company in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP, INC.

By: /s/ Patrick S. Brennan

Name: Patrick S. Brennan

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page Underwriting Agreement]

CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED, 

as of the date first above written: 

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC 

By: /s/ Thomas Healy 

Name: Thomas Healy 

Title: Managing Director 

For itself and as a Representative of the other
Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto.

[Signature Page 
Underwriting Agreement]

CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED, 

as of the date first above written: 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

By: /s/ Randolph B. Randolph 

Name: Randolph B. Randolph 

Title: Managing Director 

For itself and as a Representative of the other
Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto.

[Signature Page 
Underwriting Agreement]

CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED, 

as of the date first above written: 

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 

By: /s/ Carolyn Hurley 

Name: Carolyn Hurley 

Title: Managing Director 

For itself and as a Representative of the other
Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto.

[Signature Page 
Underwriting Agreement]

SCHEDULE A

Name of Underwriters Principal

Amount of

Securities 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC $ 140,000,000 

BofA Securities, Inc. 110,000,000 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 110,000,000 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC 16,000,000 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 8,000,000 

Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. 8,000,000 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 8,000,000 

Total $ 400,000,000 

Sch A-1

SCHEDULE B

Free Writing Prospectuses

Final Term Sheet, dated February 20, 2025, a copy of which is attached
hereto.

Sch B-1

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus

Filed Pursuant to Rule 433

Registration Statement No. 333-279815

February 20, 2025

5.900% Senior Notes due 2035

Term Sheet

February 20, 2025

This final term sheet relates to the offering of the securities specified
herein and should be read together with the preliminary prospectus supplement, dated February 20, 2025 (the Preliminary Prospectus
Supplement), including the documents incorporated by reference therein, and the accompanying prospectus dated May 30, 2024, filed
pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933 (Registration Statement File No. 333-279815). The information in this final term
sheet supplements the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement
and supersedes the information in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement only to the extent it is inconsistent with the information contained
in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings as set forth
in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement.

Issuer: Selective Insurance Group, Inc.

Expected Ratings (Moodys/S&P/Fitch)*: [Intentionally Omitted] 

Security: 5.900% Senior Notes due 2035(the Notes)

Format: SEC Registered

Principal Amount: $400,000,000

Trade Date: February 20, 2025

Settlement Date: February 25, 2025 (T+3). Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, trades in the secondary market are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the Notes on any date prior to one business day before delivery will be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially settle in T+3, to specify an alternate settlement arrangement at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement.

Maturity Date: April 15, 2035

Interest Payment Dates: April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing on October 15, 2025

Coupon (Interest Rate): 5.900%

Sch B-2

Yield to Maturity: 5.901%

Benchmark Treasury: 4.625% due February 15, 2035

Spread to Benchmark Treasury: T + 140 basis points

Benchmark Treasury Price / Yield: 100-31+ / 4.501%

Price to Public: 99.978% of the principal amount, plus accrued interest, if any, from the Settlement Date if settlement occurs after that date

Net Proceeds, Before Expenses, to the Issuer: $397,312,000

Optional Redemption: 

Make-Whole Call: Prior to January 15, 2035 (three months prior to the maturity date) (the Par Call Date), the issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to, but excluding, the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points less (b) interest accrued to, but excluding, the redemption date, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Par Call: On or after the Par Call Date, the issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Use of Proceeds: The issuer intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including to support organic growth opportunities.

CUSIP / ISIN: 816300 AJ6 / US816300AJ62

Joint Book-Running Managers: 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

BofA Securities, Inc.

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

Senior Co-Manager: RBC Capital Markets, LLC

Sch B-3

Co-Managers: 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

*Note:
A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. The ratings may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal
at any time. Each of the security ratings above should be evaluated independently of any other security rating. No report
of any rating agency is incorporated by reference herein.

The issuer
has filed a registration statement (including a base prospectus) and a preliminary prospectus supplement with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC) for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read
the preliminary prospectus supplement for this offering, the prospectus in that registration statement and any other documents the issuer
has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting
EDGAR on the SEC web site at http://www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating
in the offering will arrange to send you the preliminary prospectus supplement and prospectus if you request it by calling Goldman Sachs
& Co. LLC toll-free at 1-866-471-2526, BofA Securities, Inc. toll-free at 1-800-294-1322, or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC toll-free
at 1-800-645-3751.

Any disclaimer or other notice that may appear below is not applicable
to this communication and should be disregarded. Such disclaimer or notice was automatically generated as a result of this communication
being sent by Bloomberg or another email system.

Sch B-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm257504d1_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

Execution Version

THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

BETWEEN

SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP, INC.,

as Issuer

AND

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

Dated as of February 25, 2025

5.900% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Page

Article
I DEFINITIONS 1

1.1 Definition of Terms 1

Article
II TERMS
AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 4

2.1 Designation and Principal
Amount 4

2.2 Stated Maturity 4

2.3 Form and Payment; Minimum
Transfer Restriction 4

2.4 Exchange and Registration
of Transfer of Senior Notes; Restrictions on Transfers; Depositary 5

2.5 Interest 6

2.6 Events of Default 7

2.7 Other 7

Article
III REDEMPTION
OF THE SENIOR NOTES 8

3.1 Optional Redemption by
Company 8

3.2 Modifications with Respect
to Notice of Redemption 8

Article
IV COVENANTS 10

4.1 Limitation on Liens on
Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries 10

Article
V SUPPLEMENTAL
indentures 10

5.1 Modification 10

Article
V MISCELLANEOUS 10

6.1 Ratification of Indenture;
Supplemental Indenture Controls 10

6.2 Agreement by Holders to
Certain Tax Treatment 11

6.3 Trustee Not Responsible
for Recitals 11

6.4 Governing Law 11

6.5 Separability 11

6.6 Counterparts 11

EXHIBIT
A A-1

i

THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

THIS
THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of February 25, 2025 (this Supplemental Indenture), is between SELECTIVE
INSURANCE GROUP, INC., a New Jersey corporation (the Company), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (as successor
in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee), under the Indenture, dated as of February 8,
2013 (the Base Indenture and, together with this Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company
and the Trustee.

WHEREAS,
the Company executed and delivered the Base Indenture to the Trustee to provide for the issuance from time to time of the Companys
unsecured senior notes (the Securities) in one or more series, as might be determined by the Company under the Indenture,
in an unlimited aggregate principal amount that may be authenticated and delivered as provided in the Base Indenture;

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms of the Base Indenture, the Company desires to provide for the establishment of a series of its Securities, to be
known as its 5.900% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Senior Notes), the form and substance of such Senior Notes and the terms,
provisions, and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in this Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Company desires that $400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of this series of Senior Notes be originally issued on February 25,
2025, pursuant to the Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Company has requested that the Trustee execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture, and all requirements necessary to make this
Supplemental Indenture a valid instrument in accordance with its terms have been satisfied;

WHEREAS,
all requirements necessary to make the Senior Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, the
valid obligations of the Company have been satisfied; and

WHEREAS,
the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture has been duly authorized in all respects;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the purchase and acceptance of the Senior Notes by the holders, and for the purpose of setting
forth, as provided in the Base Indenture, the form and substance of the Senior Notes and the terms, provisions, and conditions thereof,
the Company covenants and agrees with the Trustee as follows:

Article
I

DEFINITIONS

1.1 
Definition of Terms. For all purposes of this Supplemental Indenture, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless
the context otherwise requires:

(a) 
the terms not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Base Indenture have the same meanings when used in this Supplemental
Indenture;

(b) 
the terms defined in this Article have the meanings assigned to them in this Article and include the plural as well as the singular;

(c) 
all other terms used, but not defined, herein or given meanings pursuant to this clause (c) or clause (b) above that are defined
in the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, whether directly or by reference therein, have the meanings assigned to them therein;

(d) 
all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America, and, except as otherwise herein expressly provided, the term generally accepted accounting
principles with respect to any computation required or permitted hereunder shall mean such accounting principles as are generally
accepted in the United States of America at the date of such computation; provided that when two or more principles are so generally
accepted, it shall mean that set of principles consistent with those in use by the Company;

(e) 
a reference to a Section or Article is to a Section or Article of this Supplemental Indenture unless otherwise stated;

(f) 
the words herein, hereof, hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this
Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section, or other subdivision; and

(g) 
headings are for convenience of reference only and do not affect interpretation.

Coupon Rate has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.5(a) hereof.

Indebtedness means, with respect
to any Person, (i) every obligation of such Person for money borrowed, (ii) every obligation of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures,
notes or other similar instruments, (iii) every reimbursement obligation of such Person with respect to letters of credit, bankers
acceptances or similar facilities issued for the account of such Person and (iv) every obligation of the type referred to in clauses
(i) through (iii) above of another Person the payment of which such Person has guaranteed or is responsible or liable for, directly or
indirectly, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise (but only, in the case of this clause (iv), to the extent such Person has guaranteed or
is responsible or liable for such obligations).

Interest Payment Date has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.5(a) hereof.

Lien means any mortgage, deed of
trust, pledge, lien, security interest or other encumbrance (including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention
agreement or lease in the nature thereof, any filing or agreement to give a lien or file a financing statement as a debtor under the
Uniform Commercial Code or any similar statute other than to reflect ownership by a third party of property under a lease that is not
in the nature of a conditional sale or title retention agreement).

Par Call Date means January 15,
2035.

2

Record Date has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.5(a) hereof.

Restricted Subsidiary means any
Subsidiary incorporated under the laws of any state of the United States of America or of the District of Columbia; provided that no
such Subsidiary shall be a Restricted Subsidiary if (1) the total assets of such Subsidiary are less than 20% of the total assets of
the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (including such Subsidiary), in each case as set forth on the most recent fiscal year-end
balance sheets of such Subsidiary and the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries, respectively, or (2) in the judgment of the Board
of Directors, as evidenced by a Board resolution, such Subsidiary is not material to the financial condition of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

Securities has the meaning set forth
in the first recital to this Supplemental Indenture.

Senior Notes has the meaning set
forth in the second recital to this Supplemental Indenture.

Stated Maturity has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.2 hereof.

Treasury Rate means, with respect
to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. The Treasury Rate shall
be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted
daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the
yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor
designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal
(or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable:
(1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the
Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the
two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding
to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date
on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3)
if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or
maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury
constant maturity from the Redemption Date.

If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption
Date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual
equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date of the United
States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United
States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date
equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the
Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there
are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting
the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United
States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury
securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual
yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed
as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three
decimal places.

3

Article
II

TERMS
AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Pursuant to Section 3.01 of the Base Indenture,
the Senior Notes are hereby established with the following terms and other provisions:

2.1 
Designation and Principal Amount.

(a) 
There is hereby authorized a series of Securities, designated the 5.900% Senior Notes due 2035, in the initial aggregate
principal amount of up to $400,000,000.

(b) 
The Company may, from time to time, subject to compliance with any other applicable provisions of this Indenture, but without
the consent of the Holders, create and issue pursuant to this Indenture an unlimited principal amount of additional Senior Notes (in
excess of any amounts theretofore issued) having the same terms and conditions to those of the other outstanding Senior Notes, except
that any such additional Senior Notes may have a different issue date and issue price from such other outstanding Senior Notes. Such
additional Senior Notes shall constitute part of the same series of Senior Notes hereunder.

2.2 
Stated Maturity. The Stated Maturity of the principal amount of the Senior Notes shall be April 15, 2035.

2.3 
Form and Payment; Minimum Transfer Restriction.

(a) 
The Senior Notes shall be issued in fully registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples
of $1,000 in excess thereof. The Senior Notes shall be initially issued in the form of one or more permanent Global Securities, in the
form of Exhibit A hereto. Principal and interest on the Senior Notes shall be payable, the transfer of such Senior Notes shall be registrable
and such Senior Notes shall be exchangeable for Senior Notes bearing identical terms and provisions at the Corporate Trust Office of
the Trustee; provided, however, that payment of interest may be made at the option of the Company by check mailed to the Person entitled
thereto at such address as shall appear in the Securities Register or by transfer to an account maintained by the Person entitled thereto
as specified in the Securities Register, provided that proper transfer instructions have been received by the Paying Agent by the Record
Date. The Securities Register for the Senior Notes shall be kept at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and the Trustee is hereby
appointed Securities Registrar and Paying Agent for the Senior Notes.

4

(b) 
The Senior Notes may be transferred or exchanged only in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess
thereof, and any attempted transfer, sale or other disposition of Senior Notes in a denomination of less than $2,000 shall be deemed
to be void and of no legal effect whatsoever. Any such transferee shall be deemed not to be the holder of such Senior Notes for any purpose,
including but not limited to the receipt of payments in respect of such Senior Notes and such transferee shall be deemed to have no interest
whatsoever in such Senior Notes.

2.4 
Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Senior Notes; Restrictions on Transfers; Depositary. The Senior Notes shall
be issued in accordance with the following procedures:

(a) 
So long as Senior Notes are eligible for book-entry settlement with the Depositary, or unless required by law, all Senior Notes
that are so eligible shall be represented by one or more Global Securities registered in the name of the Depositary or the nominee of
the Depositary. Except as provided in Section 2.4(c) below, beneficial owners of a Global Security representing the Senior Notes
shall not be entitled to have any certificate representing any Senior Notes in definitive form registered in their names, shall not receive
or be entitled to receive physical delivery of any certificate representing any Senior Notes in definitive form, and shall not be registered
holders of such Global Security.

(b) 
The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in Global Securities shall be effected through the Depositary in accordance
with the Indenture and the procedures and standing instructions of the Depositary, and the Trustee shall make appropriate endorsements
to reflect increases or decreases in principal amounts of such Global Securities.

(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Indenture (other than the provisions set forth in this Section 2.4(c)), a Global Security
may not be exchanged in whole or in part for Senior Notes registered, and no transfer of a Global Security may be registered, in the
name of any person other than the Depositary or a nominee thereof unless (i) such Depositary (A) has notified the Company that it is
unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for such Global Security or (B) has ceased to be a clearing agency registered as such under
the Exchange Act and no successor Depositary has been appointed by the Company within 90 days after its receipt of such notice or its
becoming aware of such ineligibility, (ii) there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default, or any event which after
notice or lapse of time or both would be an Event of Default under the Indenture, with respect to Senior Notes, or (iii) the Company,
in its sole discretion and subject to the procedures of the Depositary, instructs the Trustee to exchange such Global Security for a
Senior Note that is not a Global Security (in which case such exchange (subject to such procedures) shall be effected by the Trustee).

5

The Depositary shall be a clearing agency registered
under the Exchange Act. The Company initially appoints The Depository Trust Company to act as Depositary with respect to the Global Securities
representing the Senior Notes. Initially, such Global Notes shall be registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of the
Depositary, and deposited with the Trustee as custodian for Cede & Co.

Certificates representing Senior Notes in definitive
form issued in exchange for all or a part of a Global Security pursuant to this Section 2.4 shall be registered in such names and in
such authorized denominations as the Depositary, pursuant to instructions from its direct or indirect participants or otherwise, shall
instruct the Trustee. Upon execution and authentication, the Trustee shall deliver such certificates in definitive form to the persons
in whose names such definitive certificates are so registered.

So long as Senior Notes are represented by one
or more Global Securities, (i) the Securities Registrar for the Senior Notes and the Trustee shall be entitled to deal with the clearing
agency for all purposes of the Indenture relating to such Global Securities as the sole holder of the Senior Notes evidenced by such
Global Securities and shall have no obligations to the holders of beneficial interests in such Global Securities; and (ii) the rights
of the holders of beneficial interests in such Global Securities shall be exercised only through the clearing agency and shall be limited
to those established by law and agreements between such holders and the clearing agency and/or the participants in the clearing agency.

At such time as all interests in a Global Security
have been paid, redeemed, exchanged, repurchased or canceled, such Global Security shall be, upon receipt thereof, canceled by the Trustee
in accordance with standing procedures and instructions of the Depositary. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any interest in
a Global Security is exchanged for definitive Senior Notes, redeemed by the Company pursuant to Article III hereof or canceled, or transferred
for part of a Global Security, the principal amount of such Global Security shall, in accordance with the standing procedures and instructions
of the Depositary be reduced or increased, as the case may be, and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Security by, or at the
direction of, the Trustee to reflect such reduction or increase.

2.5 
Interest.

(a) 
Each Senior Note shall bear interest at the rate of 5.900% per annum (the Coupon Rate). Interest shall accrue from
February 25, 2025, or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which the Company paid or duly provided for interest. Any such interest
on the Senior Notes shall be payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing on October 15, 2025 (each, an
Interest Payment Date). Interest payments shall be made to the Persons in whose names the Senior Notes are registered at
the close of business on the April 1 and October 1, as the case may be, whether or not a Business Day, immediately preceding the relevant
Interest Payment Date (each, a Record Date).

6

(b) 
The amount of interest payable for any period shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. If an
Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date or the Stated Maturity of the Senior Notes falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then payment
of principal and interest shall be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the date the payment was due. No interest shall
accrue due to any such delay in payment on the amount so payable for the period from such Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date or the
Stated Maturity, as applicable, to the date payment is made.

2.6 
Events of Default.

(a) 
Solely with respect to the Senior Notes, Section 7.02 of the Base Indenture is hereby amended to insert the following parenthetical
immediately after the words If an Event of Default in the first line of the first paragraph thereof:

(other than an Event of Default specified in Section
7.01(e) or (f)).

(b) 
Solely with respect to the Senior Notes, Section 7.02 of the Base Indenture is hereby amended to insert the following sentence
at the end of the first paragraph thereof:

If an Event of Default specified in Section 7.01(e)
or (f) occurs and is continuing, the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest on the Senior Notes through the date of the
occurrence of such Event of Default shall become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part
of the Trustee or any Holders.

For the avoidance of doubt, and without prejudice
to any other remedies that may be available to the Trustee or the holders of the Senior Notes, no breach by the Company of any covenant
or obligation under the Indenture or the terms of the Senior Notes shall be an Event of Default except those that are specifically identified
as an Event of Default under the Indenture.

2.7 
Other.

(a) 
The provisions of Article Five of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Senior Notes.

(b) 
The Senior Notes shall not be convertible into any shares of capital stock of the Company or any other security.

(c) 
The place at which notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect to the Senior Notes and the Indenture may be served is
at 40 Wantage Avenue, Branchville, New Jersey 07890, Attention: Assistant General Counsel, or at any other address furnished prior to
any such notice or demand in writing to the Trustee by the Company.

7

Article
III

REDEMPTION
OF THE SENIOR NOTES

3.1 
Optional Redemption by Company. 

(a) 
Prior to the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Senior Notes at the Companys option, in whole or in part, at any
time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places)
equal to the greater of:

(1) (a)
the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest
on the Senior Notes being redeemed discounted to, but excluding, the Redemption Date (assuming,
that the Senior Notes being redeemed matured on the Par Call Date), on a semi-annual basis
(assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 25
basis points less (b) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, and

(2) 100%
of the principal amount of the Senior Notes being redeemed

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid
interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Company
may redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal
amount of the Senior Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

(b) 
The Companys actions and determinations in determining the Redemption Price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes,
absent manifest error. The Trustee shall have no obligation to calculate any Redemption Price or any component thereof. The Company shall
provide any Redemption Price to the Trustee in writing, which the Trustee shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon.

(c) 
Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price, on and after the Redemption Date interest will cease to accrue
on the Senior Notes or portions thereof called for redemption.

3.2 
Modifications with Respect to Notice of Redemption. Solely with respect to the Senior Notes, Article Four of the Base
Indenture is hereby amended to:

(a) 
replace the number 60 in Section 4.02 with 15;

(b) 
replace the first paragraph of Section 4.03 in its entirety with:

4.03 In the case of a partial redemption,
selection of the Securities for redemption will be made not more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date by the Trustee from the Outstanding
Securities not previously called for redemption by such method as the Trustee deems fair and appropriate. No Securities of a principal
amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Security is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates
to such Security will state the portion of the principal amount of such Security to be redeemed;

8

(c) 
replace the first clause of the first sentence of Section 4.04 in its entirety with Notice of redemption shall be given
electronically or by first-class mail, postage prepaid, mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with
the Depositarys procedures) to each Holder of Senior Notes to be redeemed not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior to
the Redemption Date;

(d) 
replace the number 35 in the fourth sentence of Section 4.04 with 30 (unless a shorter notice shall
be satisfactory to the Trustee);

(e) 
add the following paragraph after the last sentence of Section 4.04:

Any notice of redemption may,
at the Companys option and discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion
of any debt or equity financing, acquisition or other corporate transaction. In addition, if such redemption is subject to satisfaction
of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall state that, in the Companys sole discretion, the Redemption Date may be
delayed until such time (including more than 60 days after the date the notice of redemption was mailed or delivered) as any or all such
conditions shall be satisfied, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions
shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion) by the Redemption Date, or by the Redemption Date so
delayed. In addition, the Company may provide in such notice that payment of the Redemption Price and performance of its obligations
with respect to such redemption may be performed by another Person (it being understood that any such provision for payment by another
Person will not relieve the Company from its obligations with respect to such redemption); and

(f) 
replace Section 4.07 in its entirety with:

A new Security in a principal
amount equal to the unredeemed portion of such Security will be issued in the name of the Holder of the Security upon surrender for cancellation
of the original Security. For so long as the Securities are registered in the name of The Depositary Trust Company, a New York corporation,
or its nominee (or another depositary), the redemption of the Securities shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures
of the Depositary.

9

Article
IV

COVENANTS

Article Twelve of the Base Indenture is hereby
supplemented solely with respect to the Senior Notes by the following additional covenant of the Company:

4.1 
Limitation on Liens on Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries. So long as the Senior Notes are Outstanding, the Company shall
not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, assume, incur, or permit to exist any Indebtedness
that is secured by any Lien on the capital stock of a Restricted Subsidiary unless the Senior Notes are secured equally and ratably with
(or prior to) such Indebtedness for at least the time period such Indebtedness is so secured.

Article
V

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

5.1 
Modification. Solely with respect to the Senior Notes, Section 11.02 of the Base Indenture is hereby amended to replace
subsection (c) thereof with the following subsections (c) through (f):

(c) modify any of the provisions of this
Section 11.02 or Section 7.13 hereof, except to increase any such percentage or to provide that certain other provisions of this Indenture
cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Holder of each Security affected thereby, or

(d) change the redemption price payable
upon the redemption of the Senior Notes, or

(e) change the date prior to which no
redemption may be made, or

(f) change the currency for payment of
principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on the Senior Notes to anything other than United States dollars.

Article
VI

MISCELLANEOUS

6.1 
Ratification of Indenture; Supplemental Indenture Controls. The Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Supplemental
Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and this Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Base Indenture in the
manner and to the extent herein and therein provided. The provisions of this Supplemental Indenture shall supersede the provisions of
the Base Indenture to the extent the Base Indenture is inconsistent herewith.

10

6.2 
Agreement by Holders to Certain Tax Treatment. Each Holder of the Senior Notes shall, by accepting the Senior Notes
or a beneficial interest therein, be deemed to have agreed that the Holder intends that the Senior Notes constitute debt and shall treat
the Senior Notes as indebtedness for United States federal-, state-, and local-law purposes.

6.3 
Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals. The recitals herein contained are made by the Company and not by the Trustee,
and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency
of this Supplemental Indenture.

6.4 
Governing Law. This Supplemental Indenture and each Senior Note shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws
of the State of New York, and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

6.5 
Separability. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Supplemental Indenture or in the Senior Notes
shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability
shall not affect any other provisions of this Supplemental Indenture or of the Senior Notes, but this Supplemental Indenture and the
Senior Notes shall be construed as if such invalid or illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein or therein.

6.6 
Counterparts. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts each of which shall be an original;
but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP, INC.

By: /s/ Patrick S. Brennan

Name: Patrick S. Brennan

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Third
Supplemental Indenture]

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: /s/ Linda E. Garcia

Name: Linda E. Garcia

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Third
Supplemental Indenture]

Exhibit A

A-1

FRONT OF SECURITY

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE
HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF A DEPOSITARY. THIS SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR
SENIOR NOTES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED
IN THE INDENTURE, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (OTHER THAN A TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE
OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY) MAY BE REGISTERED EXCEPT
IN SUCH LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES.

Unless this certificate is
presented by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company (DTC), to THE Issuer or its agent for registration
of transfer, exchange, or payment, and any certificate issued is registered in the name of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is
requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by
an authorized representative of DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein.

SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP, INC.

5.900% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035

CERTIFICATE NO.: _____ $_____________ 

CUSIP NO.: 816300 AJ6

ISIN NO.: US816300AJ62

SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP, INC., a corporation duly
organized and existing under the laws of New Jersey (herein referred to as the Company, which term includes any successor
corporation under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., as nominee of
The Depository Trust Company and registered assigns, the principal sum of _____ U.S. Dollars ($_____), as may be revised from time
to time on Schedule 1 hereto, on April 15, 2035 (the Stated Maturity). This Security shall accrue interest at the
rate of 5.900% per annum (the Coupon Rate), in like coin or currency, payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15
of each year, commencing on October 15, 2025 (each, an Interest Payment Date). Interest payments shall be made to the Person
in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on April 1 and October 1, as the case may be, whether or not a Business
Day, immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date (each, a Record Date). Interest on this Security shall be
computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

A-2

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth
at this place.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

A-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP, INC.
has caused this instrument to be duly executed.

SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP, INC.

By: 

Name: Patrick S. Brennan

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

A-4

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Securities, of the series designated
herein, referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Date: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Officer

A-5

REVERSE OF SECURITY

SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP, INC.

5.900% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035

Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall
have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture unless otherwise indicated.

1. Indenture

This Security is one of a duly authorized series
of the Securities of SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP, INC. (the Senior Notes), all issued under and pursuant to an Indenture,
dated as of February 8, 2013 (the Base Indenture), duly executed and delivered by SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP, INC.,
a New Jersey corporation (the Company, which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture hereinafter referred
to), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), a national banking
association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of February
25, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company
and the Trustee, to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a description of the rights,
limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders of the Senior Notes.

2. Method
of Payment

Interest on this Security that is payable, and is
punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the person in whose name this Security is registered
at the close of business on the Record Date next preceding such Interest Payment Date.

3. Optional
Redemption

The Securities may be redeemed at the option of
the Company prior to the maturity date, as provided in Section 3.1 of the Supplemental Indenture.

4. No Sinking
Fund

The Senior Notes shall not be subject to a sinking
fund provision.

5. Defaults
and Remedies

The Indenture provides for Events of Default and
remedies relating thereto with respect to the Senior Notes as set forth in Article Seven of the Base Indenture as supplemented by
Section 2.6 of the Supplemental Indenture.

A-6

6. Amendment;
Supplement

The Indenture provides for amendments, supplements
and waivers with respect to the Indenture as set forth in Article Eleven of the Base Indenture as supplemented by Section 5.1 of
the Supplemental Indenture.

7. Restrictive
Covenants

The Indenture provides restrictive covenants with
respect to the Senior Notes as set forth in Article Twelve of the Base Indenture as supplemented by Article Four of the Supplemental
Indenture.

8. Denomination;
Transfer; Exchange

The Senior Notes are issuable only in registered
form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security may be registered on the Securities Register of the Senior Notes upon surrender
of this Security for registration of transfer at the offices maintained by the Company or its agent for such purpose, duly endorsed by
the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory
to the Company and the Securities Registrar duly executed by the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, but without
payment of any charge other than a sum sufficient to reimburse the Company for any tax or other governmental charge incident thereto.
Upon any such registration of transfer, a new Security or Securities of authorized denomination or denominations for the same aggregate
principal amount shall be issued to the transferee in exchange herefor.

9. Persons
Deemed Owners

The registered Holder of this Security shall be
treated as its owner for all purposes.

10. Tax Treatment

The Company and, by acceptance of this Security
or a beneficial interest in this Security, each Holder hereof and any person acquiring a beneficial interest herein, agree that for United
States federal, state and local tax purposes it is intended that this Security constitute indebtedness.

11. No Recourse
Against Others

No recourse shall be had for the payment of the
principal of or interest on this Security, or for any claim based hereon or otherwise in respect hereof, or based on or in respect of
the Indenture or any indenture supplemental thereto, against any stockholder, officer, director or employee, as such, past, present or
future, of the Company or of any successor corporation, either directly or through the Company, whether by virtue of any constitution,
statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise, all such liability being, by the acceptance
hereof and as a part of the consideration for the issue hereof, expressly waived and released.

A-7

12. Authentication

This Security shall not be valid or become obligatory
for any purpose until the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been signed by or on behalf of the Trustee under the Indenture.

13. Governing
Law

This Security shall be deemed to be a contract made
under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the
State of New York.

A-8

ASSIGNMENT FORM

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sell(s) and transfer(s) unto

(please insert
Social Security or other identifying number of assignee)

PLEASE PRINT OR
TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING POSTAL ZIP CODE, OF ASSIGNEE

the within Security
and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing

agent to transfer
said Security on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: ,

Signature*: 

*NOTICE: The
signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within instrument in every particular,
without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

A-9

SCHEDULE OF PRINCIPAL AMOUNT REDUCTIONS

Initial Principal amount of this Security:

$400,000,000

Thereafter, the following decreases have been made:

Date
of

Redemption or

Repurchase Principle
Amount

Redeemed or

Repurchased Principal
Amount

Remaining Notation
Made by or on

Behalf of

the Trustee

A-10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm257504d1_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

Robyn P. Turner, Esq.

Senior Vice President, Assistant General Counsel

and Corporate Secretary

Selective Insurance Group, Inc.

40 Wantage Avenue

Branchville, New Jersey 07890

Tel: (973) 948-3000

February 25, 2025

Selective Insurance Group, Inc.

40 Wantage Avenue

Branchville, New Jersey 07890

RE: Selective Insurance Group, Inc. - Senior Notes Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

I am Senior Vice President, Assistant General Counsel
and Corporate Secretary of Selective Insurance Group, Inc., a New Jersey corporation (the Company), and, in such capacity
and not in any individual capacity, have acted as counsel to the Company in connection with the public offering of $400,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.900% Senior Notes due 2035
(the Securities) to be issued under the Indenture, dated as of February 8, 2013 (the Base Indenture), between
the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee
(in such capacity, the Trustee), as supplemented by the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 25,
2025 (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company
and the Trustee.

I am furnishing you this opinion letter in accordance
with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act). I have
examined and relied upon the following:

(a) 
the registration statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-279815) of the Company relating to debt securities and other securities
of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on May 30, 2024 under the Securities Act
of 1933 (the Securities Act), allowing for delayed offerings pursuant to Rule 415 of the General Rules and Regulations under
the Securities Act (the Rules and Regulations), including information deemed to be a part of the registration statement
pursuant to Rule 430B of the Rules and Regulations (such registration statement being hereinafter referred to as the Registration
Statement);

(b) 
the prospectus, dated May 30, 2024 (the Base Prospectus), which forms a part of, and is included in, the Registration
Statement;

(c) 
the preliminary prospectus supplement, dated February 20, 2025 (together with the
Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus), relating to the offering of the Securities in the form filed with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations;

(d) 
the prospectus supplement, dated February 20, 2025 (together with the Base Prospectus,
the Prospectus), relating to the offering of the Securities in the form filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) of
the Rules and Regulations;

(e) 
an executed copy of the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2025, with
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named
therein;

(f) 
an executed copy of the Base Indenture;

(g) 
an executed copy of the Supplemental Indenture;

(h) 
the global certificate evidencing the Securities, executed by the Company, registered in the name of Cede & Co. (the Note
Certificate), and delivered by the Company to the Trustee for authentication and delivery;

(i) 
a copy of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as currently in effect;

(j) 
a copy of the By-Laws of the Company, as currently in effect;

(k) 
a copy of certain resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company and certain resolutions of the Pricing Committee thereof,
adopted on January 29, 2025 and as of February 20, 2025, respectively; and

(l) 
originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to my satisfaction, of such records of the Company and other documents,
as I have deemed necessary or appropriate as a basis for the opinions stated below.

I have relied upon, but not independently established
or verified, oral or written statements and representations of other Company officers and representatives regarding facts material to
the opinions, statements, and assumptions stated in this opinion letter.

My opinions below are limited to the laws of the
State of New Jersey and the federal laws of the United States of America to the extent referred to specifically herein, and I do not express
any opinion concerning any other law.

Based on the foregoing and subject to the qualifications
stated herein, I am of the opinion that the Company has taken all requisite corporate action under the New Jersey Corporation Act and
has duly authorized the Note Certificate.

I hereby consent to the filing of this opinion
letter as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K being filed with the Commission today, and to its incorporation
by reference into the Registration Statement. I also hereby consent to the use of my name under the heading Legal Matters
in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. In giving this consent, I am not admitting that I am a person whose consent is required
under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

2

Very truly yours,

/s/ Robyn P. Turner 

Robyn P. Turner

Senior Vice President, Assistant General Counsel

and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm257504d1_ex5-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.2

Skadden,
Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom llp

One
Manhattan West

New
York, NY 10001

TEL:
(212) 735-3000

FAX:
(212) 735-2000

www.skadden.com 

FIRM/AFFILIATE

OFFICES

-----------

BOSTON

CHICAGO

HOUSTON

LOS
ANGELES

PALO
ALTO

WASHINGTON,
D.C.

WILMINGTON

-----------

ABU
DHABI

BEIJING

BRUSSELS

FRANKFURT

HONG
KONG

LONDON

MUNICH

PARIS

SO
PAULO

SEOUL

SINGAPORE

TOKYO

TORONTO

February 25, 2025

Selective Insurance Group, Inc.

40 Wantage Avenue

Branchville, New Jersey 07890

RE: Selective Insurance Group, Inc. Senior Notes Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as special
United States counsel to Selective Insurance Group, Inc., a New Jersey corporation (the Company), in connection with the
public offering of $400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.900%
Senior Notes due 2035 (the Securities) to be issued under the Indenture,
dated as of February 8, 2013 (the Base Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association
(as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (in such capacity, the Trustee), as supplemented
by the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 25, 2025 (the Supplemental
Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee.

This opinion letter is being
furnished in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities
Act).

Selective Insurance Group,
Inc.

February 25, 2025 

Page 2

In rendering the opinion stated herein, we have
examined and relied upon the following:

(a) 
the registration statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-279815) of the Company relating to debt securities and other securities
of the Company filed on May 30, 2024 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities
Act, allowing for delayed offerings pursuant to Rule 415 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Act (the Rules
and Regulations), including the information deemed to be a part of the registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B of the Rules
and Regulations (such registration statement being hereinafter referred to as the Registration Statement);

(b) 
the prospectus, dated May 30, 2024 (the Base Prospectus), which forms a part of and is included in the Registration
Statement;

(c) 
the preliminary prospectus supplement, dated February 20, 2025 (together with the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus),
relating to the offering of the Securities, in the form filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations;

(d) 
the prospectus supplement, dated February 20, 2025 (together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus), relating
to the offering of the Securities, in the form filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations;

(e) 
an executed copy of the Underwriting Agreement, dated February 20, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), between the
Company and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, BofA Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters
named therein (the Underwriters), relating to the sale by the Company to the Underwriters of the Securities;

(f) 
an executed copy of the Base Indenture;

(g) 
an executed copy of the Supplemental Indenture; and

(a) 
the global certificate evidencing the Securities, executed by the Company and registered in the name of Cede & Co. (the Note
Certificate), delivered by the Company to the Trustee for authentication and delivery.

We have also examined originals
or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such records of the Company and such agreements, certificates and
receipts of public officials, certificates of officers or other representatives of the Company and others, and such other documents as
we have deemed necessary or appropriate as a basis for the opinion stated below.

In our examination, we have
assumed the genuineness of all signatures, including electronic signatures, the legal capacity and competency of all natural persons,
the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us
as facsimile, electronic, certified or photocopied copies, and the authenticity of the originals of such copies. As to any facts relevant
to the opinion stated herein that we did not independently establish or verify, we have relied upon statements and representations of
officers and other representatives of the Company and others and of public officials, including the factual representations and warranties
contained in the Underwriting Agreement.

Selective Insurance Group,
Inc.

February 25, 2025 

Page 3

We do not express any opinion
with respect to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the laws, of the State of New York (all of the foregoing being referred to as
Opined-on Law).

As used herein, Transaction
Documents means the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and the Note Certificate.

Based upon the foregoing
and subject to the qualifications and assumptions stated herein, we are of the opinion that, when duly authenticated by the Trustee and
issued and delivered by the Company against payment therefor in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement and the Indenture,
the Note Certificate will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
their terms under the laws of the State of New York.

The opinion stated herein
is subject to the following assumptions and qualifications:

(a) 
we do not express any opinion with respect to the effect on the opinion stated herein of any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent transfer, preference and other similar laws or governmental orders affecting creditors rights generally,
and the opinion stated herein is limited by such laws and governmental orders and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether
enforcement is sought in equity or at law);

(b) 
we do not express any opinion with respect to any law, rule or regulation that is applicable to any party to any of the Transaction
Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby solely because such law, rule or regulation is part of a regulatory regime applicable
to any such party or any of its affiliates as a result of the specific assets or business operations of such party or such affiliates;

(c) 
except to the extent expressly stated in the opinion contained herein, we have assumed that each of the Transaction Documents
constitutes the valid and binding obligation of each party to such Transaction Document, enforceable against such party in accordance
with its terms;

(d) 
we do not express any opinion with respect to the enforceability of any provision contained in any Transaction Document relating
to any indemnification, contribution, non-reliance, exculpation, release, limitation or exclusion of remedies, waiver or other provisions
having similar effect that may be contrary to public policy or violative of federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations, or
to the extent any such provision purports to, or has the effect of, waiving or altering any statute of limitations;

(e) 
we do not express any opinion whether the execution or delivery of any Transaction Document by the Company, or the performance
by the Company of its obligations under any Transaction Document will constitute a violation of, or a default under, any covenant, restriction
or provision with respect to financial ratios or tests or any aspect of the financial condition or results of operations of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries;

Selective Insurance Group,
Inc.

February 25, 2025 

Page 4

(f) 
the opinion stated herein is limited to the agreements and documents specifically identified in the opinion contained herein (the
Specified Documents) without regard to any agreement or other document referenced in any such Specified Document (including
agreements or other documents incorporated by reference or attached or annexed thereto) and without regard to any other agreement or
document relating to any such Specified Document that is not a Transaction Document;

(g) 
subsequent to the effectiveness of the Base Indenture and immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Supplemental Indenture,
the Base Indenture has not been amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified in any way that affects or relates to the Securities;
and

(h) 
to the extent that any opinion relates to the enforceability of the choice of New York law and choice of New York forum provisions
contained in any Transaction Document, the opinion stated herein is subject to the qualification that such enforceability may be subject
to, in each case, (i) the exceptions and limitations in New York General Obligations Law Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 and (ii) principles
of comity and constitutionality.

In addition, in rendering
the foregoing opinion we have also assumed that, at all applicable times:

(a) 
the Company (i) was duly incorporated and was validly existing and in good standing, (ii) had requisite legal status and legal
capacity under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and (iii) has complied and will comply with all aspects of the laws of
the jurisdiction of its organization in connection with the transactions contemplated by, and the performance of its obligations under,
the Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party;

(b) 
the Company had the corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform all its obligations under each of the Transaction
Documents to which the Company is a party;

(c) 
each of the Transaction Documents had been duly authorized, executed and delivered by all requisite corporate action on the part
of the Company;

(d) 
neither the execution and delivery by the Company of the Transaction Documents nor the performance by the Company of its obligations
thereunder, including the issuance and sale of the Securities: (i) conflicted or will conflict with the certificate of incorporation
or by-laws of the Company, (ii) constituted or will constitute a violation of, or a default under, any lease, indenture, agreement or
other instrument to which the Company or its property is subject (except that we do not make the assumption set forth in this clause
(ii) with respect to those agreements or instruments expressed to be governed by the laws of the State of New York which are listed in
Part II of the Registration Statement or the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024), (iii)
contravened or will contravene any order or decree of any governmental authority to which the Company or its property is subject, or
(iv) violated or will violate any law, rule or regulation to which the Company or its property is subject (except that we do not make
the assumption set forth in this clause (iv) with respect to the Opined-on Law); and

Selective Insurance Group,
Inc.

February 25, 2025 

Page 5

(e) 
neither the execution and delivery by the Company of the Transaction Documents nor the performance by the Company of its obligations
thereunder, including the issuance and sale of the Securities, required or will require the consent, approval, licensing or authorization
of, or any filing, recording or registration with, any governmental authority under any law, rule or regulation of any jurisdiction.

We hereby consent to the
reference to our firm under the heading Legal Matters in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. In giving this
consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities
Act or the Rules and Regulations. We also hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter with the Commission as an exhibit to the
Companys Current Report on Form 8-K being filed on the date hereof and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement.
This opinion letter is expressed as of the date hereof unless otherwise expressly stated, and we disclaim any undertaking to advise you
of any subsequent changes in the facts stated or assumed herein or of any subsequent changes in applicable laws.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP

DSY
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>sigi-20250220.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>sigi-20250220_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>sigi-20250220_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Depositary Shares [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>sigi-20250220_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm257504d1_ex1-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 20, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 20, 2025

Entity File Number 001-33067

Entity Registrant Name SELECTIVE
INSURANCE GROUP, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000230557

Entity Tax Identification Number 22-2168890

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NJ

Entity Address, Address Line One 40 Wantage Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Branchville

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07890

City Area Code 973

Local Phone Number 948-3000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $2 per share

Trading Symbol SIGI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Depositary Shares [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in
a share of 4.60% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B, without par value

Trading Symbol SIGIP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=sigi_DepositarySharesMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://selective.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

sigi-20250220.xsd 
sigi-20250220_def.xml 
sigi-20250220_lab.xml 
sigi-20250220_pre.xml 
tm257504d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-016922-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm257504d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000230557 

2025-02-20 
2025-02-20 

0000230557 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-02-20 
2025-02-20 

0000230557 

sigi:DepositarySharesMember 

2025-02-20 
2025-02-20 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000230557 
8-K 
2025-02-20 
SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP, INC. 
NJ 
001-33067 
22-2168890 
40 Wantage Avenue 
Branchville 
NJ 
NJ 
07890 
973 
948-3000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $2 per share 
SIGI 
NASDAQ 
Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 4.60% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B, without par value 
SIGIP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>